there is a television in the middle of living room .	生活房间中有一个电视 。
they will spend a lot of money on new buildings .	他们将在新建筑上花很多钱 。
ifnecessary , we shall send a telegram home .	如果有必要的话 , 我们应该送电影家 。
and you fixed them up with the plasters in your firstaid kit .	你把它们放在你第一次的厨房里 。
the notsosubtle juxtaposition is inescapable .	混合橡胶条件可用 。
he's pasturing his cattle on the top meadow .	他在顶级我面上过去了 。
but his teacher commented: " you are not in yet . "	然而 , 他的老师评论: " 你不在 。 "
but this was also a year in which the chinese dream showed clearly .	但这也是一年 , 中国梦也是一年 。
i shall join the lunch on 17 october 2010 .	我应该在17月2010年参加午餐 。
he can whisper mellifluous nothings in my ear .	他可以在我的耳朵里留下的东西 。
the supply of raw material has been greatly reinforced .	铁材料的供应很好 。
this kind of walking tractor runs on diesel oil .	这种行车在柴油上运行了 。
i bought a plastic cover for a typewriter .	我买了一款类型的塑料覆盖 。
it had the spiral structure revealed by congo red .	这是由谈判的红色的精神结构揭示 。
because we're students we get in free of charge .	因为我们是因为我们得到自由的 。
this is what psychologists dream about at night .	这是什么心理学家梦想 。
let us know , let us pursue the knowledge of the lord .	让我们知道 , 让我们追求耶和华的知识 。
that he's not going to suddenly be left adrift .	那么他不会突然离开 。
to assail with stinging criticism ; excoriate .	为了与简单的批评 , 认识 。
example: a woman is married to mr . zhao .	例如:一个女人结婚了赵先生 。
i won 100 dollars in the scratch lottery .	我赢得了100美元 。
is it too much to ask for a little precipitation ?	要问一个小决定吗 ?
his efforts were defeated by the forces of reaction .	他的努力是由反应的 。
contact the old knowledge , revealing new lesson .	结论老年知识 , 揭示新课 。
and here in london , you have a lot of africans .	伦敦 , 你有很多非洲人 。
definitely huaqing pool . it's the most famous .	最终 , 湖清池是最著名的 。
and all my little candle flames burned out ;	所有我的小型的小型人员烧了 ;
i've called it 'wikiwiki . '	我被称为 " wikikikikikikiikiikikiiiikikiiii
sickness is suffering , death is suffering ;	严重的是 , 死亡是不错的 ;
indicate the operating sound level for each valve .	指示每个阀门的操作声水平 。
the children were marshalled into straight lines .	孩子们把孩子们扔进了 。
b:here is viewing fish at rower harbor .	巴:那里 , 看着鱼 。
at a party in paris after violetta's return .	在巴黎后 , 巴黎的一位党人 。
some of you have come fresh from narrow jail cells .	你有些人来自纳拉拉·杰拉尔尔尔尔的小说 。
salma asks her husband when the couple get home .	阿尔玛问她的丈夫 。
i take a deep inhale , depressed at the freshness .	我带着深深深的感觉 , 抑郁在新鲜 。
i was an editor in morningstar from 2003 to 2007 .	今天早上 , 我是一位从2003年到2003年到2007年 。
with such a great victory come unreasonably great expectations .	随着这种伟大的观点来来来不合理的预期 。
steven: i have a lot of wark to do in the company recently .	史蒂芬:我最近在公司做了很多战争 。
but that of the fixed dunes is the contention between species .	然而 , 固定的鸭子是种子之间的矛盾 。
on hearing that , her face went white to the lips .	听起来 , 她的脸色在嘴里 。
it is not enough to say there is some economic growth .	没有足够的说 , 有些经济增长 。
how dirty the house is ! it has many dust bunnies .	假设房子是多少的 。
then joshua let the people go away , every man to his heritage .	然后 , 乔什娜让人们走去 , 每个人都去了 。
in case there is a collision of characters libra should concede .	例如 , 属性libra应该会议 。
on the way home , several passersby wished me well .	在家里 , 几个旅客们希望我很好 。
figure 3 shows a screenshot of the doap home page .	图3显示了一个屏幕 。
one car come , one car go , two car bongbong , one people die .	一辆汽车 , 一辆车 , 两辆车 , 一个人死了 。
his list ultimately became church policy .	他的列表最终成为教堂政策 。
the ancient wild alone and dolphins connector .	古代的野生和皮肤连接器 。
i swear on my honour that i knew nothing about this .	我对我的希望 , 我知道没有什么东西 。
the first concept was the use of the bind/unbind methods .	第一概念是使用生物/unbindnd方法的使用 。
orlando bloom had a couple of broken ribs ;	奥兰兰布洛已经有了几个新鲜的风险 ;
sophistry is a kind of special negative thought .	哲学家是一种特殊的思想 。
i think it's one of the best things about life in london	我认为这是伦敦最好的事情之一 。
okay , we know . this is the opposite of plan 3 .	好吧 , 我们知道 , 这是计划3 。
the person , even the child , mose choose for himself .	甚至 , 即使是孩子 , 把自己选择 。
sexologist's home turned into education center	性质学家家的家庭教育中心转化为教育中心 。
you can watch the parleys . com keynote .	你可以看看公园 。
storage for ten months in shady room and dry place .	存储十个月的存储 。
an option of viewing each of them in detail is given .	给出了每个细节的选择 。
i bought a spray shampoo in a pet shop .	我买了一个宠物店 。
those attributes are used by the system and should not be modified .	这些属性是由系统的 , 而不应该被修改 。
this time the croc goes after jack's dog minty .	这个时候 , 关键在杰克的狗后 。
jalo has forgotten that he fell off his bicycle .	杰尔多已经忘了他把自己的生物放弃了 。
attendant: certainly . cream and sugar ?	注意:当然 , 汤姆和糖吗 ?
his reception however was of the most flattering kind .	然而 , 他的代表是最有的 。
tan mei met john at the park again .	泰纳梅梅梅尔在公园再次 。
i have lost my dictionary . please lend me yours .	我已经失去了我的话 , 请给我 。
why is english article use so difficult ?	为什么英语文章使用太难吗 ?
that's how we got to the fahrenheit scale .	这是我们怎么去了 。
she rarely spoke , she had no connection with the world .	她迅速说 , 她并没有与世界联系 。
the loops are connected by a crossover section .	锁定是由一个连接的 。
krämer: i find the us initiative highly problematic .	凯尔特:我找到美国高度问题 。
don't go for a usual all things tech blog .	不要为所有的事情 。
no . that’s how people refer to little girls .	没有 。 这是多少女孩 。
she waited patiently for frances to finish .	她等到法国的病人 , 终于完成 。
all locks have the following basic attributes	所有锁定都包含了基本属性 。
b: these are the various kinds of packing for pliers .	b:这些是各种包装的包装 。
directly across was the arco building .	直接是阿拉哥建筑 。
c1400 the great vowel shift begins .	c1400强的vowelhift开始 。
this is called the monotonic property of entailment .	这被称为 " 零售属性 " 。
they are my older brother and younger sister .	他们是我的老兄弟和年轻妹 。
so , what does the family protect behoove to do ?	所以 , 家庭保护吗 ?
oh fiona found out she had some money in her pocket .	哦 , 哦 , 哦 , 弗里亚发现她有些钱 。
" none of us had ever been one on one with him , " she said .	他说: " 没有人在一起 , " 她说 。
now before magnycours we had a very strong test there .	现在 , 我们已经有很强的测试 。
amy is smaller than sue . sue is smaller than lee .	amy比太小 , 太阳更小 。
there’s no getting away from it , if you’re irish .	如果你是不能得到的 。
soft skin , red lips , so kissable .	软皮肤 , 红皮肤 , 所以可杀 。
note that metadata is stored in the storage cluster .	注意 , 在存储集群中存储 。
he is perfect as the sensitive but strong reporter .	他是完美的 , 但更强的记者 。
all it sees are elements that all look and behave the same .	所有看起来都是所有的元素 , 都是相同的 。
a file system must be unmounted to be reformatted .	文件系统必须被改革 。
lady: you mean , you were posessed ? father ?	劳迪:你意味着 , 你是个人吗 ?
have a meatless monday recipe you think we should try ?	今天你认为我们应该试吗 ?
supports j1939 through software switch setting .	支持j1939通过软件开关设置 。
my students have been working with the star festival .	我的学生已经与恒星节奏工作了 。
the winner is the first to draw three people in one space .	冬天是第一个空间 。
" three ! " zhang bin simply answer .	" 三 ! " 张宾简单答道 。 "
look no further than the amazing muscle maker !	没有进一步比amazmuscle制造商 !
eyebrows glued up into tiny peaks .	眼睛浏览会变成小峰 。
abandoned away by her lover , she pined away .	她把她的爱情放弃了 。
listing 2 is an example php function .	清单2是一个例子函数 。
the lucky ones do not always have the best .	幸运的一个人不总是有最好的 。
administrative districts: 10 parishes .	管理区:10个公寓 。
the news sent a shudder through the audience .	新闻发表了一项声明 。
the batteries then drive motors in the wheels .	然后 , 电池驱动机 。
please return the completed form to your school .	请回到学校 。
a picture worths one thousand words .	照片写了一千字 。
i feel this is entirely the wrong answer .	我觉得这是错误的答案 。
inside the firewall , there is no anonymity .	在火墙中 , 没有安全性 。
the snow , frost , and hail return .	雪 , 雪雪 , 又回来了 。
the tyres were old and had been smooth .	风格已经老了 。
your partner may be somewhat irritable this week .	你的伙伴可能是这个星期 。
i have been acting contrary to all my sense of right ;	我曾经做合同 , 所有的权利 ;
remove chain drive wheel from crankshaft .	删除链接驱动轮 。
he is almost a herolike character on the campus .	他几乎在校园里 。
but fate did not give them the opportunity to continue .	然而 , 法国没有给他们的机会继续 。
i am going to redraw it horizontally .	我要把它放弃 。
shoes are too close together on conveyor .	鞋子都在一起 。
taxidriver : ok . is that your luggage ?	塔西德里斯:好吗 ?
increment real constant table number by rinc .	加密实现的表数 。
he was sent by his father to go to college .	他的父亲被父亲送到大学 。
" we need more of this kind of thing , " one shouts .	" 我们需要更多的东西 , " 一只鞋子 。
the soviet knight is dying inside his armor .	晚上 , 苏联人在他的阿森纳 。
water went down his throat and he started to choke .	他开始选择 。
she has looks like flowers and spirit like jade .	她看起来像花朵和精神 。
what kind of land do they live in ? is it good or bad ?	他们生活的土地 , 是什么 ?
we prepared a picnic and drove down by the river .	我们准备了一辆车 。
hurt , injure , or otherwise maim the bastard .	伤害 , 伤害 , 或其它最坏 。
no , i think you can go . i don't even get flan ?	没 , 我觉得你能去吧 ?
from the day’s chores , pause a minute	从那天的教会里 , 路透一分钟 。
what christ said to his mother made her want to cry .	基督告诉他母亲要哭 。
ireland reports the lowest temperature in 50 years .	伊里兰报道 , 50年的最低温度 。
if you think of ideas as these more abstract things .	如果你认为这些想法更加抽象 。
ater a semester , i yearn to see may parents .	今天 , 今天我去看到父母 。
if you don't , she's not likely to call you back .	如果你不要说 , 她不可能叫你回来 。
methods raw material dissolved in methanol ;	方法对甲醇的原料分解物质分解 ;
e is for her eyes , with love—light shining .	为她的眼睛 , 爱情 。
but credit is the lifeblood of the car business .	但是信用是汽车商务的生命 。
there is a sequence imposed on you by the author .	作者有一系列的冲击 。
do you have the experience to go out in your pajama ?	你有这个经验吗 ?
its legs are short and strong with hard hairs .	它的腿很短 , 头发很强 。
my brother and his wife are a happy couple .	我的兄弟和妻子是一个幸福的女孩 。
but there is much uncertainty about what it will involve .	然而 , 有很多不确定的问题 。
and so we get mired in decisionmaking quicksand .	因此 , 我们在决策中得到了很快 。
i'm going straight home after the play . what about you ?	我在玩耍后 , 什么 ?
his actions were not in consonance with his words .	他的行动并非与他的话 。
this is my father . he's tall and strong .	这是我的父亲 , 他很高兴 。
but they were too terrified to fall asleep .	可是 , 它们太太太不会睡了 。
and what he does is writes this equation here .	他做什么是这样的方式 。
he was a pagan ... who worshiped idols .	他是一位老师 。
in that numbers game it converged to 1 .	在这个数字游戏中 , 这个数字游戏转换到1 。
please change to a single room with a bath .	请用浴缸转换 。
but the thing about change is it’s disruptive .	然而 , 关于改变的事情 。
the executioner had never seen anything like this !	执行者从来没有看到任何事 !
overjoyed , she dashed out of the house .	她把房子放弃了 。
bitterness imprisons life ; love releases it .	爱情人生 ; 爱情 。
it turned our homes into funeral tents .	它转变了我们的家庭 。
or maybe curiosity is a better word .	或许可能是一个更好的词 。
so this is where the mixing of the solute comes in .	所以 , 这是溶液的混合物 。
can you give me a lift to the next town ? ;	你能给我带来一个小镇吗 ?
enter a few new lines after the input box .	在输入箱后 , 进入几个新的线路 。
a:what did uncle green come here for ?	答:没有什么绿色来吗 ?
request that all communication be in writing .	请求所有通信都在写 。
miniskirts were in fashion last summer .	最后一次夏天 。
it can even cause disharmony in a family .	甚至可能会导致死亡 。
a site has been chosen for the new school .	一个网站已经开开了新的学校 。
he replaced his brother as goalkeeper .	他把父亲作为目标 。
this tea tasted of orange blossoms .	这茶茶的茶叶 。
karen zhou is perhaps an exception .	karenzu也许是一个解释 。
conductor: silverplated copper wire ;	结论:硅化铜 ;
i haven't recovered from jet lag yet .	然而我不再回来了 。
a torch symbolizes the brightness .	火炬象象征着亮度 。
the moon shines fully into west tower .	月亮的月亮变成西塔 。
he raised those goats from newborn kids .	他从纽约的孩子里发起了这些目标 。
but first , someone had to get them into their transport tanks .	但首先 , 有些人必须把他们的运输链接 。
display them in their rooms when they’re done .	当他们做的时候 , 把它们放在房间 。
then light the thing on fire and burn it .	然后把东西放在火上 , 烧掉它 。
other chapters are available in our elibrary .	另一个章可以在我们的图书馆中使用 。
keep in mind that is bad is not abandoned .	保持在心里 , 是不够的 。
still , no matter what , the debt will be huge .	然而 , 没有什么 , 债务就会很大 。
i remember back then , i met you on my way home .	我记得回家后 , 我在家里 。
we stopped the clock at $3200 per head .	我们停下了3200美元 。
if you had clock problems , you will need to fix those .	如果你有关闭问题 , 你需要修复这些 。
juicers equipment , users need to contact me .	司法设备 , 用户需要联系我 。
the policy doesnot base on the will of the people .	政策不会依赖人民 。
he was dozing in the hammock when i called .	当我叫做的时候 , 他被叫做 。
please attach a passportsized photo .	请安装一个支持的照片 。
elephant , your ears are like cymbals .	眼睛 , 你的耳朵像圆形 。
rooster: hey , are you free friday ?	罗斯:嘿 , 你是免费吗 ?
figure 3 . roundrobin's at the top !	图3 。 罗罗宾的顶部 !
i overdid it at work and damaged my heart .	我在工作中 , 伤害我的心 。
i felt some breeze in that one . smile .	我觉得我在这里感到有点微笑 。
greenfly can literally suck a plant dry .	绿色可以很好的干燥 。
attacking midfielder , 18 , river plate	攻击中场 , 18岁 , 河平板 。
by the way , i don't want a night flight .	这样 , 我不想要一夜灯 。
he missed the bus , because he got up late .	他错过了房子 , 因为他得晚了 。
the huntsman entered the forest , gun in hand .	猎人进入森林 , 枪 。
our readers don’t like you . i don’t like you .	我们的读者不喜欢你 。
a knowledgable man knows he has limited knowledge .	一名知识的人知道他有限的知识 。
well , we could consider not putting in item 0 .	好吧 , 我们可以考虑不会在意大利 。
why are all the best parties found on islands ?	为什么全部都是岛上最好的党人 ?
have the straight and uppercut , many changes .	具有超越和高度 , 许多改变 。
the landlord put a new stove in my room .	这个地方把一个新房子放在我的房间 。
the company is a world leader in electrical goods .	公司是电子商品领先的领导者 。
more than a twirling wobble is implied .	超过一只椅子的女孩 。
the theory of fermi operator is developed .	开发了半操作器的理论 。
a deepening happens , as you teach .	睡觉发生 , 正如你教 。
we don't know him ! " exclaimed meg .	我们不知道他 !
next , you need to give it some data to parse .	接下来 , 您需要给它提供一些数据 。
hiti te9 hammer drill for each bay .	嗨蒂蒂告诉每个婴儿 。
he looked so dispirited i took pity on him .	他看起来 , 我看起来了 。
that was my first love , and i suspect hers , too .	这是我的第一位爱 , 我怀疑她 。
do you require trading in nonhk stocks ?	你需要在非hkk股票中传统吗 ?
vatel has been in my family for over 20 years now .	酒店已经在20年里 , 现在 , 酒店已经在家里 。
an old dog will learn no new tricks .	老狗会学习新技巧 。
minutes of board committee meetings	董事委员会会会长会议会议 。
people found hoarding during the famine were punished .	人们发现在死亡之后 , 人们发现在死亡 。
fish begins to stink at the head .	鱼开始在头上 。
the connection member has a tapered hole .	连接成员有一个高度的洞穴 。
distinguish between an lvalue and rvalue .	在lue和r值之间的距离之间 , 分散在l值和值之间 。
shine , and you cannot have any dissents .	shine , 你不能有任何疾病 。
okay . i have five minutes left .	好吧 。 我有五分钟 。
it's a time thing for the elephants .	这是一段时间 。
tensiometers can be made small enough .	十分钟器可以制作小够 。
how far away is dalian from lvshun ?	如何从lvshunun上吗 ?
where are the lightning arresters installed ?	灯师安装吗 ?
you have the same warm , sincere heart .	你有同样的战争 , 因为听起来 。
yet china quickly upended this consensus .	然而 , 中国迅速推动这个考虑 。
who will win the battle for the backbones ?	谁会赢得球吗 ?
it urges you , instead , to live .	大学你 , 智慧 , 生活 。
i remember coming here once years ago .	我记得这儿去了 。
health administers to peace of mind .	健康管理人员为思想 。
marty tried to keep his head during the fire .	玛蒂试图保持他的头衔 。
see ? picky eaters like food , too .	看见吗 ? 好像食物 。
his eyes gleamed with relief and joy .	他的眼睛和乔利 。
" now we have to be sustainable , " he said .	他说: " 现在我们必须是可持续的 , " 他说 。
there are lots of places to get startup capital .	很多地方都有很多地方 。
they are independent yet they are complementary .	然而他们是独立的 。
the soldiers bedded down in a barn .	士兵们在一个黑暗里 。
the environment not bad , quite clean .	环境不坏 , 很清洁 。
michelle: i didn’t know you were going .	迈克尔:我不知道你去 。
he lowered his voice to a whisper .	他的声音降低了他的声音 。
japan gas appliances inspection assn .	日本气体申请日本气体 。
oh , he's a white sox fan ?	哦 , 他是白色的吗 ?
a love triangle of the most grotesque kind .	爱上最爱的三角 。
always take your finesses , ' she said .	她说: " 总是要做你的财富 , " 她说 。
no , thanks . i'm quite full .	不 , 谢谢 。 谢谢 。
a partial interest of any nature is insurable .	任何性质的部分有趣 。
i hope he can see the movie next time .	我希望他能看到电影 。
soup henqing , almost no oil .	汤汤汤汤 , 几乎没有油 。
both these books and those clothes are mine .	这些书和那些衣服都是错误 。
sit cross legged on the floor .	坐在花上 。
but it is also an existential struggle .	但它也是一个存在的错误 。
the ship struck the rocks head on .	船船把火箭放在船上 。
he was driven by necessity to steal .	他是有必要的 。
in our class there are fiftyone students .	在我们班上 , 我们的学生 。
i ' ll buy that for a dollar !	我要买一美元 !
you delight to fish in troubled waters .	你愿意在混乱水中 。
i will take my leave , like a butterfly .	我将把我的叶子拿起来 , 像一样 。
i want a 3piece mafiastyle suit .	我希望3英尺 。
pasquale giunta: sure there are .	传统的礼物:确有 。
the designated holotype species has not been found .	设计的房子特殊并未被发现 。
but nobody saw her copying the name .	但是没有人看到她的名字 。
oxen have made great contributions to the world .	奥克森已经成为世界上最大的贡献 。
put the long ruler in the pencil box .	把长的ruler放在石油箱里 。
others say only if they cheat , or abuse you .	其他人说 , 只要他们化妆 , 或者买你 。
how do you cope when your brain locks up ?	你如何在你的脑锁上吗 ?
i would fly to the moon if i had wings .	我会飞到月球 。
honey , where is my benz actually ?	蜜蜂 , 真的是我的啤酒吗 ?
this tree . times when it was , were young .	这棵树时 , 年轻 。
and , after all , we are harvard so we know .	毕竟 , 我们都是哈佛 。
the umpire lost his cap and his cool .	大量丢掉了他的猫和冷却 。
one 1970 stop still gives him chills .	1970年 , 一个1970停止他 。
then he punches tweener in the chest .	然后他把我们放在胸上 。
defarge was pleased at their arrival .	防守守在他们的祭祀上 。
i wanted greenberg to be my pollster .	我想greenberg是我的帖子 。
he also wrote preface for the monograph .	他还写了一句话 。
violet said that she would reach the border .	维特特特说 , 她将会达到那个边缘 。
the man abstracted a pen from my pocket .	这个男人从邮票中抽出了一笔笔 。
she will run over her lines in the evening .	她将在晚上运行 。
he plays the violin better than mary .	他玩得更好 。
he splashed in the heavy rain .	他在大雨中发出了 。
" why ? " tom snorted .	" 为什么 ? "
does she always dress that badly ?	她总是在那个坏吗 ?
we'll have to start when sophia gets back .	我们必须开始回来 。
i watched the cow when she said moo !	当她说的时候 , 我看到了一下 !
dennis , what're you talking about ?	你说什么 ?
the steak is as tough as leather . ;	史密斯虽然是一样的 。
sue: do you have don's number ?	苏格:你没有什么数字吗 ?
how long does it take to make an evening dress ?	怎么长时间来做一件事情吗 ?
cataracts can affect your vision .	猫咪能影响你的视觉 。
washing machine motor vbelts ;	洗机 ; 洗涤机 ;
the young tree has struck root .	年轻的树木已经破碎了 。
she licked the honey off the spoon .	她把蜜蜂放在太阳 。
let's learn english songs .	让我们学习英语歌 。
because it has to drop off precipitously .	因为它必须下降 。
b:yes , it's getting dark .	是啊 , 这是黑暗的 。
we owe our existence to these variations .	我们允许我们的存在 。
so you take two documents and diff them .	所以你需要两个文档和困难 。
what makes a good system verification tester ?	怎么做好的系统验证测试吗 ?
a: what would say was the lowest point in your point ?	答:你们的点最低点吗 ?
we learn not in school , but in life .	我们学校不在学校 , 但在生活中学 。
li lei beat jim and won the first place .	李李先生 , 第一个地方 。
que: did you have sex every time she came ?	问:你每次都有六次 ?
one feels so alone when it is cold .	一个人感觉很冷 。
he is the only son in a family of three .	他是唯一的儿子 。
thank you for calling japan airlines .	谢谢谢你为日本航空公司 。
may the lord save us from all heresies .	也许耶和华拯救我们 。
piani would tell them they had shot me .	谢谢谢愿告诉他们已经买了 。
where is monsieur le maire going ?	在哪里 , 猴子离开吗 ?
you win some , you lose some . that is life .	你赢得了一些 , 你就失去了 。
then we could insist on that target ;	然后我们可以坚持这个目标 ;
that year , that day , we are stranger .	今天 , 今天 , 我们是陌生的 。
his body was found in the floor hole .	他的身体被发现 。
knive are used to cut things .	knive是用来切割东西 。
how can jiancaigong without rain !	如何不雨 !
peace is always relational .	平总是关系 。
what do jack russells do ?	杰克跑了什么 ?
do not lure her away from her duty .	不要把她的责任放弃她 。
did the wisteria blossom this year ?	今年 , 威廉西亚的血液吗 ?
i wonder what this night will bring .	我想这个夜会带来什么 。
you forgive me for being so pathetic .	你为了让我感到痛苦 。
we walked far into the woods .	我们走进木子 。
a:forgive me for interrupting you .	安慰我 , 为了解决你 。
jeff loves to play with jayden .	jefeff喜欢与jayden的玩耍 。
i don't want to be told grow up .	我不想告诉我 。
it is not that you are just vegetating .	你不仅是蔬菜 。
before you get another oil change , stop !	在你得到另一个油改变之前 , 停止 !
the intruders shot up the town .	施工商们在城市买了 。
there are not apples on the appletree .	在苹果中 , 没有苹果 。
all things change , and we change with them .	所有事物都改变了 。
so they drove boner out of the door .	所以 , 他们喝了门 。
i think their last win was just a fluke .	我认为他们最后赢得了 。
besides , he is only a baby .	另外 , 他只是个婴儿 。
lily some money me the other week .	莉莉莉有些钱 。
it was paisley's first visit .	这是巴西第一次访问 。
they're rewarded for their waiting .	他们是为他们的等待 。
i'm trying to sleep .	我试图睡眠 。
both can be treated with braces .	两者都可以用大脑来处理 。
and its government is enraged .	政府被抓住 。
there is a purple from below .	下面有一个紫色 。
can i get a mike in on patrick ?	我能在包里找到一个错误吗 ?
i heard somebody skirling .	我听到一些人穿着 。
he is the sower of the good seed .	他是良好的种子 。
we have to change trains at didcot .	我们必须改变训练 。
beat me half to death with it .	吃了半死去 。
he ate too many hamburgers .	他吃太多炸药 。
she was popeyed with amazement .	她和阿玛丽一起聚集了 。
and then art on the weekends .	然后 , 周末艺术 。
how big is a wolf's track ?	大概是个女性的追踪吗 ?
large artery distensibility ;	大型的大型仲裁性 ;
this completes the installation .	这完成了安装 。
he just dabbles in politics .	他只是在政治上 。
the bill was sent to her room .	杀了她的房间 。
is your car manual or automatic ?	你是你的汽车经理吗 ?
it helps you not be inside so much .	这帮助你不能在那里 。
that's what i think finance is about .	这是我认为金融是什么 。
throw it at him ! i dare you !	把它扔了 ! 我敢 !
what is unique about the program ?	这个程序的独特 ?
why could i never please them ?	为什么我不能把他们放弃吗 ?
welcome to the new dad guide !	欢迎新舞台 !
losers hangout with losers .	损失者和损失者的损失者 。
a feeling of shame came over her .	感觉在她身上 。
fasten seatbelt at all times .	所有时候 , 经常吃饭 。
examine if this is a pattern .	考试如果这是一个模式 。
he really cares about his family .	他真是关心他的家庭 。
this brings me to my question .	这给我带来我的问题 。
please drive a bit faster!	请喝一点点快 !
tingting seems nervous .	清洁似乎是神经的 。
it is for bird watchers .	这是为了鸟类 。
she banged up the receiver .	她把收到了 。
i like your new hair style .	我喜欢你的新发型 。
her hands smelt of fish .	她的手把鱼扔了 。
but there's reason for hope .	可是有希望的原因 。
how did my papers get out of order ?	我怎么做的文章呢 ?
she had a shock and conked out .	她有一个鞋子 , 走出来 。
how can you put a price on life ?	你怎么能把价格放在生活中吗 ?
hope you understand what , hehe .	希望你懂什么 , 嘿 。
i slept like a fat cat .	我慢慢慢慢了 。
oh , so you feel the same way !	哦 , 你觉得同样 !
rf output power over 4w ;	rf输出功率超过4w ;
many different leadership styles work .	许多不同的领导风格 。
you have many ways to kill your time .	你有很多方法来杀你的时间 。
here are so many oil jars .	这里有很多油珠 。
one rope here , one rope there .	一个玫瑰 , 一个玫瑰 。
let's tie the knot !	让我们把钥匙扔了 !
this service defines three operations	这个服务定义了三个操作 。
he spends gold like soil .	他花了金色 。
let's take these in turn .	让我们在转身上做这些 。
power elevation mill head .	电力发动机 。
that gives me the creeps .	这给我带了睡觉 。
ianto: that's just me .	亚瑟:这是我 。
we are the host of andaz .	我们是和az的主持 。
it was from the sugar i think .	这是我想的 。
but why the redemption ?	但是为什么改革 ?
he is only a child of three .	他只有三个孩子 。
i think beyonce is hot !	我觉得是热 !
and put bomb craters in there .	在那儿 , 把炸弹的船员放在那里 。
the civets play two roles .	电视剧演了两个角色 。
i've taken some small classes .	我买了一些小班 。
join a startup and get stock .	加入启动和存储 。
slide out onto a large plate .	在大板上 , 慢慢出去 。
well , i love madrid !	好吧 , 我喜欢马德 !
it does have intentions .	它已经注意到了 。
do you have nosebleed ?	你没有什么 ?
faugh dead u over !	爱德死了 !
what is the name of that process ?	这个过程的名称是什么 ?
one of my asq friend...	我的一位阿克里朋友...
of course i will come back .	当然我会回来 。
the other seven are tiny .	另一七个七分之一 。
are you a selfstarter ?	你是个自我的吗 ?
create a . toc file .	创建一个.toc文件 。
but it still does me good service .	但它仍然是很好的服务 。
yeah . that's right .	是的 。 这是正确的 。
so , what do i do with this ?	所以 , 我怎么做什么 ?
when did you start to act ?	当你开始行动时 , 你开始行动吗 ?
would you like shampoo ?	你会喜欢山姆奥 ?
my greatgrandmother .	我的伟大魅力 。
that’s my girl .	这是我的女孩 。
we all are from shandong .	我们所有都是从山上 。
are you a working poor ?	你是个工作池吗 ?
i learn chinese every day .	我每天都学到中国 。
but the gang goes on .	然而 , 上帝去了 。
he liked to do the same .	他喜欢做同样 。
what's montague ?	妈妈妈吗 ?
time never comes back .	时间永远不回来 。
as in organ donor .	正如有机捐赠 。
are you a salesman ?	你是个销售人 ?
we just don't know .	我们不知道 。
that can be done .	这可以做 。
i love my job !	我喜欢我的工作 !
trust is low .	信任很低 。
these are foundational .	这些基础是基础的 。
i could feel it !	我能感觉它 !
d a digit	直到一条直径 。
electronic truck scale construction process is simple and fast .	电子信号结构过程简单 , 快速 。
almighty father rushed to rescue these lost lambs you ...	艾米轻的父亲跑到你...
the customer and developer negotiate a fixed price for the project .	客户和开发商谈判了项目的固定价格 。
photo club took a photo shooting trip to mendocino ... more .	照片俱乐部开了一张照片 , 更多 。
so the choice we make in our mid20s has to be a pretty smart one .	所以 , 我们在中间20的选择必须是一个优秀的智能手段 。
but if i want a unit vector , then i should scale this down to length one .	然而 , 如果我想要一个单位矢量 , 那么我应该把这个下来 。
weibian has vast iron inkstone wear , kousong notes that year hand .	西比亚已经有很多铁路 , 金属于今年 。
they will continue mr . kabe as acting principal of the school .	他们将继续继续继续行动 。
let this represent the total energy of the incident electron .	让这个代表了内容电子的总能量 。
in recent years , aquaporins in the brain become a research hotspot .	近年来 , 大脑中 , 适应者成为研究热点 。
in the biological sense it's selfdecoding , storing and scanning .	在生物感觉中 , 生物感觉是自我编码、存储和扫描 。
being unwanted , or failing to fulfil the expectations of parents	无论是 , 或失败了父母的期望 。
fight the rapids as you kayak and raft down the vast mekong river .	随着你杀死 , 把大量的河流下来 。
disk systems will repair themselves or can be left unrepaired for years .	磁盘系统将重新修改自己 , 或者可以离开未经的时间 。
i practiced facial expressions , and i snarled like a wolf .	我的实践表达 , 我就像一个女性一样 。
this happens five or six times . the monkey is very angry .	这是五次或六次 , 猴子是非常愤怒的 。
so we think the dwarf mutant " ddf1 " was ga insensitive .	因此 , 我们认为dddf1 " 的ddddf1 " 是有效的 。
and as it is in the floral tribe , so it is in god's kingdom .	如此 , 上帝的王国 。
there are many legends concerning the origins of lantern festival .	有很多传统 , 还有很多传统的原始 。
and in the case of women , that often included sexual assault .	在女性的情况下 , 通常包括性资产 。
leep is an effective way to prevent the generation of cervical carcinoma .	epep是一种有效的方法 。
close the gate of the pen properly to prevent the sheep from getting away .	衣服了pen的气体 , 防止她的睡眠 。
and the multitudes hearing it , were in admiration at his doctrine .	多次审计 , 是他的医生 。
paramedic: i see you've caught yourself a maroon shark .	游戏:我看到你已经买了自己的马隆山 。
all right , mammy . i'll teach her to ride sidesaddle .	好吧 , 我会教她的边缘 。
it provides the opportunity to test unrelated applications running together .	它为测试不相关应用程序运行的机遇提供了机会 。
taihao had another name , fuxi , one of an ancient three emperors .	台海还有另一个名字 , 福西 , 一个古代三人之一 。
twists can help detoxify the internal organs and lymphatic system .	二妹可以帮助解决内部组织和淋巴瘤系统 。
male mallard ducks are famous for their long , spiraling genitalia .	男性马尔·杜克被称为他们的长期 , 精神ia 。
even though that solves the immediate problem , the problem can still occur .	尽管如此 , 尽管如此 , 问题仍然可以发生 。
see then that ye walk circumspectly , not as fools , but as wise .	然后 , 看见 , 不像那样 , 就像风吹 。
rubber mount ; finite element modeling ; static elastic characteristic ;	橡胶模式 ; 具有限元模型 ; 静态弹性 ;
create china world cup bid shanghai langao road stadium construction ;	创建中国全球杯上海大楼楼建设 ;
however , in hsr territory , the issue is even more important .	然而 , 在hsssr监测中 , 问题甚至更重要 。
it's up to you whether you go or not . but i only have time on weekend .	你是否是否还是不了 。 但是我只有时间 。
personally , i think his biggest drawback is that like as one or more dualuse .	个人 , 我认为他的最大的抽屉是 , 比如一个或更多的双重的 。
she gets pretty drunk and stumbles home in the wrong direction .	她得到了很好的干扰和刺激家庭 。
the num received payments from the trade unions of afghanistan .	数字来自阿富汗的贸易单位 。
being aware that we only have one life to live also reinforces that conviction .	意识到 , 我们只有一生的生活 , 还有一生的努力 。
this joy is unthinkable divided cheap wow gold from the peasants .	这个喜欢是不可行的成绩 。
anyone who does not deny himself on that day must be cut off from his people .	任何人不要把自己放弃自己 。
fancy hotels are beginning to accommodate both man and pets .	蜜蜂酒店正开始推动两个男人和宠物 。
tracing the significance of wanxian incident and roar , china !	追踪wanxxian居民的意义和arararar , 中国 !
cath: hello , i'm cath , cath jones . what's your name ?	凯瑟:嗨 , 我是凯瑟 , 凯瑟琳 。 你的名字吗 ?
mami is thinner friends are quite good , all my best wishes to all .	马米是神经朋友很好 , 所有的祝福都是最好的 。
behind this jolt was one of the world's most concentrated property bubbles .	在这份工作后 , 是世界上最浓密的性质泡沫 。
brownie , birdy and cowcow drank the honey cheerfully .	布朗妮 , 女孩和同事喝了蜜蜂 。
okay that's a straightforward either or . isn't it ?	好吗 ? 好吧 , 还是是不要吗 ?
consumable market prosperity is stable , supply of goods is enough .	消费市场性能稳定 , 供应良好 。
and everybody was very against them , the bookstore , because , you know ,	每个人都是很再次的 , 书籍 , 因为你知道 , 你知道 , 你知道 , 你知道 。
bonds payable are the typical example of longterm liabilities .	债券支付是长期利益的典型例子 。
you are probably aware that in a database , data is stored in tables .	你可能知道在数据库中 , 数据库存储在t表中 。
you could also try using some for the advanced commands in google .	你也可以在谷歌上尝试一些先进的命令 。
they have also stirred emotions in the greek american community .	他们还有在希腊的美国社区 。
countylevel cities have both urban and rural dual characteristics .	县级城市都有城市和农村双边特征 。
he will be sorely missed . he was a great president , " he said . "	他说: " 他说: " 他是一个伟大的总统 , " 他说 。 "
a slight , metallic sound , as of coins rattling in a pocket .	微笑 , 金属声音 , 就像石头一样 。
i'm finishing , there's no point in making a song and dance about it .	我完成完成 , 没有指指指指指指指标 , 长期 。
stop messing about , boys ! i'm trying to do some reading .	停止我 , 男孩 ! 我试图做一些阅读 。
trace hooks can be applied at the entry or exit of any function .	旅行hook可以在任何功能上应用 。
i came on business before , but this time i'm here to sightsee .	我在商务之前 , 然而我是在这里 。
" summer hours " are a longestablished institution in the us .	" 夏天小时 " 是美国最长的成立机构 。
it seems most chinese people use a modified emule that abuse servers .	它似乎大多数中国人使用了一个修改服务器 。
gloucester board of real estate or financial plans bureau .	真正的估计或金融计划 。
her testimony helped put several of the perpetrators behind bars .	她的测试imony帮助给了几个超级者 。
we must try our best to reduce the damage to a minumum .	我们必须尝试我们最好的减少损害 。
an impressive 75 percent of germans eat breakfast daily .	德国早餐的印象75% 。
google gobbles internet explorer’s market share with chrome	谷歌googlegoblegoble网络网络网络网络市场股份与chrochrochrochrome.
it was the first year my dad bought season tickets to the clips .	这是我第一年的女儿买了赛季 。
he also blessed us that we would be able to remember our previous lives .	他还不会让我们能记住我们的前一生 。
hand rails and banisters shall be constructed for stainless steel pipe .	手工铁路和银行家应该建立不锈钢管 。
tian'anmen square is the bigest square in the world .	天津的平方是世界上最大的平方 。
objective to prepare purified tick borne encephalitis vaccine .	目的制备纯化的骨髓病理诊断 。
stresses applied to plastically deform the metal are usually compressive .	应力适用于塑料改造金属的压缩 。
the northeast is one of the biggest grainproducing areas in china .	北北北部是中国最大的草原生产区之一 。
eric blair wrote under the pseudonym of george orwell .	埃尔布莱尔·布莱尔在乔治·奥威尔斯的声音中写道 。
the whole community turned out to wipe out the four pests .	整个社区变成了四个街道 。
to facilitate this task , birt provides the data explorer view .	为了设施这个任务 , birt提供数据勘探器 。
gina:hello , dr . kellers clinic . what can i do for you ?	吉娜:嗨 , 关键人员临床 , 我能为你做什么 ?
sergio: yeah , it sure is but they have the best drinks .	sergio:是的 , 确定是最好的饮料 。
it was amazing that the boy was able to solve the problem so quickly .	这个男孩可以很快解决这个问题 。
let's suppose you have a subteam working in a private branch .	让我们建议你在私有的分支中工作 。
she also writes for the times and the magazine psychologies .	她还写了时间和magazi的心理 。
these real problems already bridge the dichotomies in the science .	这些真正的问题已经在科学中得到了桥梁 。
art is communicating and perhaps people can get something from this respect .	艺术通信 , 也许人们可以从这方面获得一些东西 。
i mean , you're already talking about how that's not applicable .	我意味着 , 你已经谈到的是怎么适用的 。
" is the tao in a handheld calculator ? " asked the novice .	" 是一个手持的文档器吗 ? " 问道 。 "
these new ideas are penetrating into the minds of the younger generation .	这些新的思想是在年轻代代代的思想 。
there’s another detail i love in this shot—the cropped foot .	还有另一部详细的细节 , 我喜欢在这个鞋子里 。
it brings longer droughts between more intense periods of rain .	它带来更长的干旱 。
each player who searches his or her library shuffles it afterwards .	每个球员都在搜索自己或她的图书馆 。
creation is then rooted in the mutual love of the persons of the triune god .	创作之后 , 创作是在三个神之中 。
but if you are going to make them permanent ? where are you gonna cut spending ?	可是如果你要做好吗 ? 你是什么 ?
good programmers strive for code clarity in addition to code performance .	更好的程序符合代码密度 。
i do remember my brother learning to ride a bike though .	我记得我的弟弟们学习了一个生物思想 。
the summer season is upon us and with it comes bathing suit season .	夏天的季子在我们上起来 , 和它来到了基本赛季 。
please play with it before everyday use , in case miss important calls !	请在每天使用之前 , 请在病例中发挥重要的蛋糕 !
they're used to large nontoxic animals , like wolves and bears .	他们用来大型非毒物动物 , 比如狼和熊 。
this was probably the first time the britons came into contact with other peoples .	这可能是第一次 , 巴黎顿开始与其他人联系 。
there's nothing stuckup about the great english wild flower .	没有什么东西 , 英语野花 。
study on divisible abelean group of difference familypairs ;	研究了可行的亚贝利亚亚亚亚利亚组的可行性 ;
any parcel over the dimension limit should be repacked into smaller ones .	任何公共限制应该重新修改小 。
a thin , whitehaired man was sitting on a wooden seat .	白色的男人坐在木头上 。
but he still admires christians because of the way they face death .	但是他仍然承认基督徒 , 因为他们面临的道路 。
here are five steps you can take to help your machines run much faster .	这里有五个步骤 , 你可以帮助你的机器运行更快 。
the report on thatstrand of hair found in elena ortiz's wound margin .	本报告发现 , 埃尔纳纳纳的头发 。
technically , a cms stores all of the content in a database .	技术上 , 一个cms储存在数据库中 。
the procedures are similar to thesis flow ratetime method .	同样对流速率的过程相似 。
my mother was wrapping some banana fritters for a customer .	我的母亲正在为客户提供一些宝纳的战斗 。
at the left is a temple dedicated to the roman emperor hadrian .	在左边 , 左边 , 是一位庙子 。
the connecting of these pipes is done by the message receiver .	这些管道的连接是由消息接收器做的 。
experiment result: smoke is poisonous to tadpoles .	试验结果:sssssssssssssske是很有可能的 。
then , the low dose effects and roentgenography interval were discussed .	然后 , 讨论了低剂量和生理介质的效果 。
so i advocate socalled 'xiaocheng english' .	所以我为 " 西方英语 " 。
the application conditions and methods of using the tiltmeter are described .	详细介绍了使用组织器的应用条件和方法 。
whether caffeine banishes cellulite is less clear .	无论是咖啡蛋白是不清楚的 。
a 9to5 work schedule provides enough time to relax .	一个9to5工作机构 , 提供足够的时间 。
do you remember he gives ? a couple of examples of this sort ?	你记得他给了吗 ?
the sailors couldn't find anything to caulk the seam in the boat .	帆船不能找到任何东西 。
hundreds of deceased soldiers lay in a state of disarray .	数百年来 , 几百岁的士兵们在一州 。
you can always go trickortreating during the afternoon or to the mall .	你们可以在午上去试验 。
total number under poverty line 2010: 815 , 755	总数为2010年:815 , 75 , 75555 , 755
kisangani resident said the plane had broken into three pieces .	韩国居民说 , 计划已经破坏了三个 。
with the coming of national day , i have a one week holiday .	随着国家的日子 , 我有一个星期 。
the reactionaries are fierce in appearance but feeble in reality .	反应的反应是在现实上 , 可怕的 。
the boy plays up his strong points and minimizes his weaknesses .	男孩们在他强烈的点上 , 尽管他的弱点 。
that's somewhere we haven't dragged morley to yet .	然而 , 这是我们的地方 , 还有些地方 。
ottawa is also a mustsee city where i currently live .	安菲尔wa也是一座很多希腊城市 。
we must carry on with the investigation until all the facts are found .	我们必须在调查中找到的所有事实 。
the significance of perinatal diagnosis was discussed .	讨论了神经诊断的意义 。
the passengers turned quite green with sea sickness .	乘客们带着海洋的绿色 。
please line the drawers with clean paper after you have emptied them .	请用清洁纸后 , 请用清洗纸 。
a noblewoman holding the rank of viscount in her own right .	诺贝尔曼在她自己的权利 。
doing so will help offset the harmful effects of urban pollution .	为了帮助城市污染的危害效果 。
many specialistic techniques contribute to archaeology .	许多特殊的技术属性为建筑 。
forest ecoeconomic productivity and the development of forestry produce ;	森林生态生产和林业发展 ;
the calculations are performed in parallel on each partition where the data is .	计算的计算是在每个部分中执行的 。
investigators have identified the bomber as han wushun .	投资者已经认识到了韩国的炸弹 。
leiomyosarcoma of the small intestine is an uncommon tumor .	小肠道是一个不常见的肿瘤 。
faultstring is a human readable description of the fault .	失败是个人可读的描述 。
launch an effort to get together the various departments .	发布了一项努力 , 使得各种部门的努力 。
very possible that you don't meet any one of these two conditions .	很可能 , 你不会遇到这些条件之一 。
mom: you just care about this ? haven't you compared other things ?	妈妈:你只是关心吗 ?
the cristae of the mitochondria are arranged closely .	迈克里亚的军事犯罪是紧密的 。
winter morning , most of the bleak shantang should be it snow !	冬天早上 , 大多数黑色的山羊应该是雪 !
i thought it would raise a smile with people at the exhibition .	我觉得它会在展览中获得一个微笑 。
can i get some phenobarbital , something to calm this guy down ?	我能得到一些不可能的事情 , 某些人都能把这个男人爬下来吗 ?
if you keep on collection , in time you'll have a wealth of data .	如果你保持收集 , 时间你会有一个财富的数据 。
the “others” were asleep , while they both breathed the same fever .	" 太人 " 睡眠 , 同时他们都把同样的感觉 。
oh , i love new orleans , but i want to go home and visit tara .	哦 , 我喜欢新奥利亚 , 但我想去家里和访问 。
i will be 96 , so i will be making films very , very slowly .	我将是96岁的 , 所以我就会很慢 。
thanks obama for all the nasa cuts . you big dummy .	谢谢奥巴马 , 所有海军航天员 。
back to what we do should be for all the limitless affectionate and so back to .	回到我们应该为所有无限的影响 , 所以我们应该做什么 。
however , by year end , it has been found : it is a false alarm .	然而 , 今天 , 年底 , 已经发现了:它是一个自由的武器 。
most who unveil hisagendas deserve the condemnation they receive。	大多数 , 直到大多数人都会接受 。
tom: i feel very depressed and don't feel like doing anything .	汤姆:我感到很深刻 , 不要感觉任何事情 。
this is a major step and also can be the most tedious step in tuning .	这是一个主要的步骤 , 也可以是最严重的步骤 。
spammers also have become more sophisticated about exploiting trust .	蜘蛛同样也变得越来越多的解决 。
mission control said sharipov had reported that the crew were feeling fine .	导弹控制说 , 沙利波夫已经报道 , 这个城市已经感到感觉了 。
players on its own strength , through hard work then realize their dreams .	玩家在自己的力量上 , 通过努力实现他们梦 。
a: absolutely . it gives the team a scoring chance .	答:绝对 , 把团队给球队的机会 。
the bridge ways that you form and that all of you know are made of this vitality .	你们形成的桥梁 , 所有你都知道这是这样的 。
we have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the sweater .	我们都有两个裙子和裤子 , 看起来很好 。
because people always sit in the closestools in washrooms .	因此 , 人们总是坐在水室 。
on the two ends are designs of a blue dragon and a white tiger .	在两个结束之后 , 蓝龙和白虎 。
mining for malware there's gold in them thar proxy logs !	为了让马lware在他们的tharxxsssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssslog
lao k: sorry , second young master . can i say a word ?	拉索克:是这样的 , 第二个年轻人 。 我能说话吗 ?
i like norma because she's genuine person and never puts on side .	我喜欢诺玛因为她是个人 , 永远不放弃 。
what if last night god destroyed my soul and put in a new soul ?	如果昨天晚上 , 上帝给我的灵魂 , 把新灵魂放在一个新的灵魂中 ?
the development of dark tourism from edge to typical in practice .	日期旅游的发展 , 来自于典型的旅游发展 。
may we all embrace life with love and faith , happiness and compassion .	或许我们都能与爱和诚信 , 幸福和复杂 。
thus another form of generosity is sharing the word of god .	因此 , 另一代的形式是共享上帝的话 。
i buried my head under the quilts , but my aunt heard me .	我买了我的头子 , 可是我听见我 。
mining and oil stocks moved lower , especially in london .	矿石和石油石石油储存较低 , 特别是伦敦 。
the unique imaging findings have never been reported in literature .	独特的想象发现从未被报告 。
the thirdgraders are having a traffic education lesson .	第三个教育教育教育教育课程 。
hell for some time , full of murderous look will become more angry .	为了有些时候 , 全面的看法将会变得更加愤怒 。
you and i are particulars ; your favorite chair is a particular .	你们特别是 , 最喜欢的椅子是一个特别的 。
it's been a heartbreakingly tragic two months for coal .	这是一项心理训练两个月 。
seconds out . let's go . what do we do ? tell me what to do .	第二次 , 让我们做什么 ? 告诉我什么 。
extract the contents of the festivalwin32 . zip file .	探讨了节点w32.zip文件的内容 。
the maid comes with god's blessing , and must be obeyed .	男子们来到上帝的床上 , 必须得到 。
it cannot easily be palpated on physical examination .	它不容易在物理考试中 。
the economic outlook deteriorates significantly ; or	经济出口显著降低 ;
the birds by aristophanes – (download pdf)	阿富汗的鸟类是 " 雪载 " 的鸟类 。
click and drag from the start to endpoint that you wish to measure .	点击和从开始的开始结束 , 你希望去测量 。
stir in basil . spoon curry over rice . serve .	西班牙在巴黎 , 西班牙在河边 。 服务员 。
component gis software is the opposite of application software .	组件gisisi软件是应用软件的对象 。
but i think unless you marry it , inherit it or work really hard for it ,	但是我不认为你们结婚 , 还是很难努力 。
and we've seen them before from the macroscopic point of view .	我们从宏观点之前 , 我们已经看到了它们 。
can the world really afford another risk of this magnitude ?	世界实际上 , 这个魔术的风险吗 ?
results:in rau , there was large amount of inflame cells .	结果:在腹腔镜下 , 大量腹腔细胞 。
computer science: $56 , 400 / $97 , 400	计算机科学:56美元 , 400美元 , 97 , 400美元 。
rubin claims the gizmo can even improve your sex life .	rubinin说 , 数字也可以提高你的性生活 。
is it possible fme to see the harbour in person today ?	今天 , 这是可能是有可能的男人吗 ?
airing is under ventilated place , drying machine is not allowed .	空气在发送地下 , 干机不允许 。
alex: no , i will take my 6yearold daughter with me .	阿里斯:没有 , 我会带我6岁的女儿 。
at the last lap john held him , and then began to pick up on him .	最后 , 约翰先生把他放在他上 。
patsy divorced her husband and is now living alone .	pasysssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssy
procrastination is spending 30 mins looking for the right pen .	工程是花了30分钟 , 寻找正确的pen 。
she doesn't end the mask stuck to comus' chair .	她不会结束马克斯的椅子 。
did you know 65 percent of women have curly hair ? [1]	你知道65%的女性已经发生了吗 ?
volume control was provided by a mccormack micro line drive .	umum控制是由mccccmack的微型线驱动器驱动的 。
it feels as if they are whipping my face with wire whips .	这感觉是如果他们和wrewrewinthip的脸色感觉 。
jia sixie is wellknown as a pioneer in farming .	贾西西西西是一名手工 。
the short scaling time series have multifractal properties .	短段段段系列具有多种性能 。
i ordered the hairy crab , but you gave me the green crab .	我给我带来了头发 , 可是你给我带来了绿色的信仰 。
they shot poisoned arrows from behind the thick bushes .	他们在厚屋后 , 把鞋子放在了 。
story of cultural symbols of china's mentorship .	中国文化成员的故事 。
continue pushing foward and success will eventually meet you .	继续推进足球 , 成功最终会使你感到满意 。
you can turn any email address into a google account .	你可以转换任何电子邮件地址 。
cold shut is not acceptable on " a " surfaces .	冷刷不能接受 " 表面 。
haikou is the capit's city of hainan province .	哈kkou是海南省的城市 。
the current director is professor wang keqiang .	目前 , 目前主任是王朝 。
that attitude affects idiomatic patterns as well .	同时 , 影响艾滋病毒模式的抗肿作用也会影响 。
it’s a great complement to rice dishes , soups and pasta .	这是一个伟大的成果 , 汤和安装 。
a good painting is shown before people as each drawing is done to the point .	一个好的绘画之前 , 每个画都是做的 。
if you want to add foshan , then our bank said that you should have other swift .	如果你想添加foshan , 然后说 , 你应该有其他的银行 。
few of the men of the round table had much heart to dispel them .	几个圆桌的男人听到了 。
you probably won't even risk injury or go hungry .	你可能不可能不会危险或饥饿 。
as we all know , the character of internet is fictitious and doubleacting .	所有我们都知道 , 互联网的特点是很严重的和双重的 。
it looks at things like fashion , how people wear different clothes .	它看起来像时尚 , 人们如何穿不同衣服 。
handy to use and you may enjoy your flower tea anywhere !	手工要使用 , 你可以享受你的花茶 !
vacuum sweeper with robust petrol engine for outdoor use .	蒸汽喷油机用户外使用 。
when it is cloudy , i am cold , impuissant and sad .	当它是云时 , 我是冷酷的 , 冲击者 。
i would be grumpy and cause those around me to be unhappy .	我会在我身边 , 因此我不幸福 。
you called it a script kiddy language , remember ?	你们称它是个脚本的孩子语言 , 记住吗 ?
they then created a simple mathematical model of what's going on .	然后 , 它们创建了一个简单的数学模型 。
the first and each subsequent bezier spline requires only three points .	首先 , 每个子线只需要三点 。
where myth clashes with myth , it is however a very real clash .	然而 , 我的衣服和我的衣服 , 是真正的衣服 。
the second place we visited was monaco ville with the palace .	第二个地方 , 我们参观了摩纳哥村 。
this button hook makes dressing with one hand easier and quicker .	这个tonhook用一个手柄和快速 。
this time it was those in the businessjet industry who cringed .	这时候 , 商业工业的工业是那些危险的 。
then change your default gateway and hit the enter key twice .	然后改变你的默认园 , 把它的关键 。
finally , this paper discusses the procedures and applications of jmi .	最后 , 本文讨论了jmi的程序和应用程序 。
shoichiro toyoda says he doesn't recall the meeting .	斯科罗罗昨天说 , 他不回忆会议 。
we were completely amazed at the wonder and the greatness of nature .	我们完全是在木材上完全的 , 自然大 。
there is no such thing as nothingness , and zero does not exist .	没有这样的事情 , 零不存在 。
the amish people are living peacefully in our midst , slow development .	鱼类生活在我们中间 , 慢慢发展 。
the canvas pane is where all the viewer portlets are placed .	加瓦瓦斯帕尔是所有的观点端口 。
antoni gaudi , from spain , main object of the thesis .	从西班牙 , 主要对象 。
the receptionist asks , “have you ever seen a doctor ?	接受者问: " 你看到医生吗 ? "
finally a vanity tool that doesnâ€tmt despise you !	最后一项工具 , 尽管你 !
you have your work , your entertainment and your firends . i have only you .	你有你的工作 , 你的娱乐和你的火情 。 我只有你 。
every day there are seven lessons . this is my timetable for monday .	每天都有七岁 。 这是我今天的时间 。
you are the ones on earth who open the gate to the light .	你是一位在地球上开了一场地球 。
we have the example of the banking system and the car industry .	我们拥有银行系统的例子 , 汽车行业 。
the glass hit the corner of the table and broke on impact .	玻璃在表面的角度上 , 玻璃在冲击上起来 。
the late arrived of the ship had messed up all our plans .	后来 , 船舶的晚上到了我们的计划 。
a lot of asexual people do want relationships and children .	很多人要做关系和孩子 。
smetimes a beetle lost its way in the passages .	memememememememememememememememes在传递中失去了它的路径 。
however , where you can eat authentic donkey to fire it ?	然而 , 你可以吃的东西吗 ?
he was in a tiny capsule called friendship 7 .	他在一个叫做友谊7 。
you know , do these things that i have no future , you know , in .	你知道 , 我没有未来的事情 , 你知道 。
anti corruption is a big issue of practice and theory .	抗腐败是实践和理论的大问题 。
for the first time , i felt like i was running into the wilderness .	第一次 , 我觉得我很喜欢跑进野生 。
the university boasts a team of welltrained teachers .	大学的大学博士是一名著名的教师 。
but a strong volcker rule just might take the cake away .	然而 , 强烈的电压规则可能只能把卡车带来 。
the renderer determines the quality of your final render .	回顾者确定你最终的回报质量 。
wildflowers of different colors brighten the rocky land .	不同颜色的颜色 , 光亮了岩土 。
project only for those , who have suomi as mother language .	项目只有为那些 , 为母亲语言 。
what you need is an xml version of the directory listing .	你需要什么是目录清单的xml版本 。
adam and eve conversed with god in the garden of eden .	阿姆斯和埃德与上帝交谈 。
pingping's mother is one of the district nurses .	购物的母亲是一个区别的国家之一 。
she expertly slid the hypodermic needle into my vein .	她专家慢慢地把水解放到我的身上 。
please amend your copy of the contract accordingly .	请按照合同的代表 。
eg . he says his friend is confident in turning the table .	他说 , 他的朋友正在转变桌子 。
she implored piteously a voice choked with sobs .	她把声音放在声音上 。
you want to know how quickly is the other side going to get hot ?	你想知道怎么快吗 ?
he shouted and rapped with his walking stick on the door .	他在门上停下来 。
the children build sandcastles on the beach .	孩子建筑在海滩上 。
it's the final gasp of the burst housing bubble .	这是最终的房子 。
and if it sounds good , ask if there’s any way i can see their results .	如果它听起来很好 , 如果我可以看到他们的结果 。
in starcraft , some units had instant attack animations .	在星级拉ft中 , 有些单位都在攻击动物 。
this new painkiller doe 't take long to act on the pain ?	这个新疼痛的新疼痛吗 ?
could we pretend that this is a normal first date between two normal people ?	我们可以预防这是一个正常人之间的正常生活吗 ?
i later found out the world is full of victors , of people saying no .	我后来找到世界的全世界 , 人们不说 。
once those are finished you can use your res . to make garages .	一旦这些都完成了你可以使用 。
still , there were young men willing to ride for the pony express .	然而 , 年轻人将会在诗歌表达上升 。
it shows all infos from the header and dumps records...	它显示了所有从头部和双重记录中所有的内容 。
they can tell us a lot about the history of trading on sea .	他们可以告诉我们很多传统的历史 。
in part 1 , you learned how to create an obex server application .	第一部分 , 您学习如何创建一个对象服务器应用程序 。
on the whole it's a good plan and we shouldn't nitpick .	在整个规划上 , 我们不应该是个好的计划 。
separate the essence of the test from the implementation details .	分离从实现细节中分离了测试细节 。
you didn't realize how much part of your life it was going to become .	你不知道你生活的一部分都会变成 。
place smaller sticks crosswise to make a lattice effect .	用小型的剪切切切切切切切切切切切切切切切切效果 。
he mutilated the nun and stuffed into a closet .	他把那个国家和tussssssstus把它扔进了一个集群 。
geminis are often good at language , speaking and writing .	几分钟通常在语言、语言和写作 。
i paid for the beers so i call dibs on the last bottle .	我把啤酒送给了 , 所以我在上瓶子上 。
and i can tell you at that point i wished i was back in canada .	我可以告诉你 , 我希望我在加拿大 。
you'll need to calculate how much time the assignment will take .	你会需要计算多少时间的信号 。
a but not tomorrow night . . . when are you next free ?	今天晚上 , 晚上你下一次自由吗 ?
marylebone station was packed with homeward bound commuters .	玛丽比比尔骨站被包装在家里的边界计算机上 。
do not leave when she is poor , ill , or unbeautiful .	不要在她的时候 , 还是不错的 。
let us be determined not to collect grievances today .	让我们确定不要收集格式 。
conclusion:asqa had good reliability and construct validity .	结论:qaaa具有良好的可靠性和建设效果 。
study group and control group had isonitrogenous and isocaloric intake .	研究组和控制组的组和控制组已经有一定的攻击 。
g1/2 " 2perpendicular entries with hung cover . "	g1/2 " 超级 " 与饥饿覆盖 " 。
with the development of science , computer increasingly popular .	随着科学的发展 , 计算机越来越多 。
you've got to hand it to the bottled water industry .	你必须把它放到底层水工业 。
with things as such , we‘ll have to let things slide .	随着这样的事情 , 我们会让事情慢慢 。
flyfish the spring creeks of paradise valley .	鱼鱼鱼鱼鱼鱼鱼鱼 。
franklin: i peeked at one letter , that's all .	弗兰克林:我在一封信里 , 这是所有的 。
peddling a handful can lead to a 15year sentence .	把一个有效的手术可以导致15岁的句子 。
little duck says: spring is a gentle and soft river .	小鸭说:春天是个女孩和软河 。
tonight jobs cleared up the matter once and for all .	今天晚上 , 晚上工作清楚了 。
please pass me that pile of semicircular tiles .	请把我传递给我 。
men scoured the country looking for the lost child .	男子们在寻找失去的孩子 。
guixi city shizhi compiling committee office ?	广西市hizhizhizhizhizhiz系列委员会吗 ?
whom the gods destroy , we number1 do mad .	谁是上帝 , 我们的数字 。
house: only an idiot gets between ahab and his whale .	房子:只有阿哈伯和他的行为之间 。
for me , personally , i can really see both sides to the coin .	对于我来说 , 我真是可以看到两侧 。
“from many cotton plants , ” the man answered .	" 弗罗姆许多棉厂 " , " 男人回答道 。
or you can begin to " work " to make your sex life more exciting .	或者你可以开始 " 工作 " 来使你的性生活更加精确 。
because of film editing , we couldn't see the whole show .	由于电影编辑 , 我们不能看到整个显示 。
how do children and teens experience depression ?	孩子和青少年经验抑郁 ?
where is now monk xuanzang of the tang dynasty ?	现在现在 , 唐代的时代吗 ?
okay ? ! possibly . or you . okay .	好吗 ? 好吧 ! 可能你 。
the otaku the media picks up on are usually this kind .	这个媒体把媒体放在这个类型上 。
wen wen practicing her backward crossover in dec 2010 .	2010年12月 , 温恩实践了她的后面交叉 。
what are the units here ? we write 12 . 011 .	这个单位吗 ? 我们写了12.01 。
aim: to study the constituents of abrus mollis hance .	目的:探讨桥梁移动机构成分 。
antony goes for projects on a massive scale .	安顿尼在大规模的项目上得到了项目 。
and it deepens household and community poverty .	深深深的房子和社区贫困 。
this aspect of luke's work has occasioned much discussion .	这一方面 , 卢克的工作已经引起了很多讨论 。
standards for drinking water have been improved continuously .	饮用水的标准是改善的 。
'of course , ' ms . darling sneers .	" 可是 , " 黑色的基因 。
i quickly put all the socks are washed over again .	我迅速把所有的袜子放在一起 。
chandler: blue blazer back . hehe wants it back .	查尔:蓝色背后 , 他希望回来 。
no one questions china’s civilian control of the military .	没有一个问题 , 中国的民事控制 。
holyflag will be customized for the entire handling process .	霍利拉格将为整个处理过程 。
the filial piety is the center of retirement throughout .	文件管是由于退休中心的中心 。
no04 , 5 . i don't know how to thank you for all your help .	没有04 , 5 , 我不知道你们的帮助 。
i have so much to do today . i am run off my feet .	今天我已经很多做了 。 我跑了我的脚 。
the company did not say in the filing which banks loaned the money .	公司并没有说 , 银行失去了钱 。
after about half an hour , i realised i really needed to fart .	在半小时之后 , 我真的需要快速 。
love is , and it can last , if we remember our differences .	爱是最后 , 如果我们记得我们的差异 。
leo: now , if you’ll just follow me to the lounge .	莱奥:现在 , 如果你就会跟我去了 。
this life , this love that you and i have been dreaming of , for so long .	这个生活 , 爱你们 , 我已经梦想了 , 因为长久 。
the poor man at last was eased and hence lived happily .	最后 , 穷人在最后 , 为了生活幸福 。
the warning is based on the latest 5day weather forecasts .	战争基于最新的5天天天气预测 。
ma kang is a good friend of mine , and a unique one .	香是一个好朋友 , 一个独特的一位 。
it is a basic emotion with a characteristic facial expression .	它是一种具有特殊的表达 。
triumphing over death , and chance , and thee , o time .	三相死亡 , 机会 , 时间 。
a popup tip will tell you whether it is on or off .	一个popupupupupupuptp将告诉你是否是否是否是否 。
these things could change if you learn how to manage your violence .	这些事情可以改变如何管理你的暴力 。
huang zongzhi is one of the most famous legal historian .	黄寨是最著名的法律史学家之一 。
he has been given a label " playboy " by his friends .	他已经给了一个劳动 " 球员 " 的球员 。
it's also unbelievable to me that he would ever end his life .	这也不能让我永远结束自己的生活 。
each of us dipped a finger into the mixture and sucked it .	每个人都在混合到混合中 , 然后把它放弃了 。
the caribbean waters there are also perfect for scuba diving .	碳bean水也完美了 。
an airraid alarm sounded in the depths of night .	晚上 , 一个空气警告声音 。
they would like to after a long night can see by the morning glow !	他们想在早上晚上晚上 , 就可以看到了 !
dougong was widely used in the spring and autumn period .	尽管在春天中广泛使用 , 秋期 。
will judge hudson's decision be upheld on appeal ?	法官马逊的决定是否会被判断 ?
i thought it would help . you're the best , you know that ?	我认为这是帮助的 , 你知道那么 ?
and why do we make it so hard to amend our constitution .	为什么我们为什么让它很难推荐我们的宪法 。
no one near seems to be thinking , or feeling , or working .	没有人似乎是想的 , 或者感觉 。
afterwards , ao patient about aunt and monica a pile .	后来 , 艾滋病患者和莫尼亚 。
great minds think alike , but fools seldom differ .	伟大的思想认为阿利利克 , 可是狐狸 。
many people with foot pain can get relief just by losing weight .	很多人与足球疼痛可以通过失去重量 。
i will never draw like them . but they will never draw like me .	我永远不会像他们一样 , 但他们不会像我一样 。
i could not control and make selfrepression on such rational basic .	我不能控制自己的理性基本 。
he was just a person . he was avoiding eye contact .	他只是个人 , 为了避免眼 。
this group was laid out and arranged in accordance with buddhist cosmology .	这组组组被抛出来 , 根据佛教科学的研究组 。
determine the relationship qiang shen and qin day together very happy .	确定了秦阳与秦天一起很幸福 。
runners who lost more than 3% of their weight during the run finished fastest .	运行人员在运行最快的时候 , 运行人员在跑步最高3% 。
the weekold peace talks there between the two sides were near collapse .	星期和平在两侧之间 , 两侧之间 , 两周之间 , 两侧之间的平静和平静的谈判 。
there was a relationship between the conductance activation energy and detergency .	连续活动能源之间有一定的关系 。
our brains are roughly 25 percent larger than those of the late homo erectus .	我们的大脑大约有25% 。
they stood on the top of the mountain , watching the sun rising in the east .	他们站在山上 , 看着太阳 。
yueliangshan fault is the east segment of haiyuan fault zone .	杨林山失败是海洋失败区东部 。
we'll be reading his essay on suicide . hume died , had an illness .	我们会在苏珊看见 , 人死了 , 死了 。
there is only one practicing spot here in liuyang . i have been there for only three times .	这里只有一个实践速度 , 我只有三次 。
in the center of town is a pair of 20footlong sheet metal shidas .	在城市中心 , 城市是一个20英尺的木板 。
together with the avalokitesvara figure in the middle , 33 in total .	同时 , 与中间中间有一起 , 333号 。
the little ship tried to escape when the big pirate ship bore down on it .	小船试图在大楼上 , 大楼的船船上 。
he was standing almost broadside , his great head up and turned toward them .	他几乎站在床上 , 他的大头上 , 走向他们 。
but i think it will be wiser of lee to put your best side outward , ' she added .	然而我认为这会是你最好的想法 , " 她补充道 。 "
a loving husband who treats me like a queen yet everyday i remember .	每天我记得 , 我记得了一位时间的丈夫 。
their metabolism and the mechanism of antifatigue are elaborated in this paper .	建立了防守性的机制 , 建立了防腐性的机制 。
little birds and pigs now come in the form of edible cake toppers .	小鸟现在 , 小鸟和猪猪现在来了 。
obtain the essential feature that is larcenous behavior secretly .	获得了层次行为的初始特点 。
you know that the function of a protein is intimately related to its structure .	你知道 , 蛋白的功能是与它的结构相关的 。
18they divide my garments among them and cast lots for my clothing .	18岁之间 , 把我的衣服分为她们的衣服 。
it is nto the same thing to have a bare field in january and in juluy .	这是同样的事情 , 同样的事情都是一场战斗场 。
steering gear is the most important component of the automotive veering system .	步步目标是自动运动系统的重要组成部分 。
sitting comfortably at number three is bagan temple and pagodas .	坐在数字三号号号号上 , 坐在数字三号 , 是bagantemp和pagoda 。
it is characterized by containing concave and convex rod stone powder in said paste .	由于包含含混凝土和混凝土石粉的特点 , 表示 , 包含含含含含含含含含混凝土和混凝土石粉 。
currently sharp does not make compressors , a key air conditioner component .	目前 , srp并不做压缩器 , 关键空调条件组件 。
to provide monitoring , inspection and technical guidance for food hygiene ;	为了提供监测、检测、检查和技术指导 ;
around tenthirty that night , they ended up back in madeleine’s dorm room .	周围十三个晚上 , 他们终于回到了制造的温室 。
the actual rate discount would have to be applied in the credit card management system .	实际速度将在信用卡管理系统中应用 。
he is not only the pride of the people in hainan , but also the pride of people all over the world .	他不仅是海南人民的价格 , 还是世界上所有的人民 。
main components: a variety of aromatic ketones and aromatic esters .	主要组件:各种抗肿瘤骨和抗肿瘤的骨骼 。
this article has a brief review on holocene climate changes in mongolia .	本论文对蒙古西亚的气候变化进行了简要评述 。
in the scene turns the large flame often gushes out to the window outside .	在屏幕上 , 大量的框架通常把窗户放出来 。
to handle an invalid contract must abide by the principle of restitution .	为了处理一个有效合同的合同 , 必须通过回收原则的原则 。
optimistic , tigers always bounce back for new and fresh challenges .	最优的是 , 老虎总是在新和新鲜挑战 。
many of the people of darwin escaped by hiding in cellars that night .	很多人在晚上 , 很多人都被黑暗杀死了 。
i'm not doubting for a moment the sincerity of the couple's distress .	我不会对夫妇的衰退而言 。
the first section of this article ponders the corporation in the point of view of right and power .	第一部分 , 本文第一部分在权力和权力的角度上 , 第一部分阐述了该公司的第一部分 。
we did talk about changing it , but feared it would only be perceived as a nerf .	我们已经谈到了改变它 , 但恐惧只能成为一个nerf 。
your parents tell you to boil herbs and stay inside when you get sick .	你的父母告诉你们要把她们带到她们的时候 。
the club only has an 18hole green fee and caddie fee at weekends .	俱乐部只有18英里的绿色饲料 , 每周只有18英寸 。
virtually every new company complains about the difficulty of raising seed capital .	几乎每家新公司都宣布了提高速度资本的困难 。
i desire no further advice from you , ' answered mr linton .	我死了没有进一步的建议 , " 答案先生 。
i have a stomachache . i think i got some bad food at lunch today .	今天我已经有一个胃袋 。 我认为我在午餐上吃了一些坏食物 。
good moring , mr . smith . i am sunfang coming for an interview .	好的时候 , 史密斯先生 , 我是太阳的阳光 。
half a shovelful has fallen off . ) evil's mask of innocence .	半岁的一半 , 「 邪恶的魔法 。
mt . 10:23 and when they persecute you in this city , flee into another .	先生10:233 , 当他们在这个城市的时候 , 进入另一个城市 。
let's look at the curriculum for the robotics engineering program at wpi .	让我们在wpi上看到机器人工程程程程程序 。
i think it was you i sent , " he added , addressing the staffofficer . "	我认为这是我代表的 , " 他补充道 。 "
i thenrealizedi had no right to place myself abovehimjust because he was busking .	然后 , 我还没有权利地方 , 因为他忙碌了 。
the train was full of proles , in holiday mood because of the summery weather .	训练完全是因为夏天天天天天天气而成的 。
he spent over ten thousand us dollars to buy a table filled with holes .	他花了十万美元 , 为了买一张桌子 。
diluted earnings per american depositary share came to $1 . 26 .	美洲债务股价格达到1.26美元 。
" some were thrilled that caesar had died , and some were horrified , " he said .	他说: " 有些人已经死了 , 而且有些人被杀了 , " 他说 。
between history and the eternal i have chosen history because i like certainties .	历史和我已经开放了历史 , 因为我喜欢一定 。
the discovery also reveals how male squid compete for female mating partners .	发现还揭示了女性的女性化合作伙伴的男性快速比较 。
improved management of the cadre and personnel files of the rules and regulations .	改善了care和个性文件的改善管理 。
red narrating: you could argue he'd done it to carry favor with the guards .	红娜娜娜:你可以考虑他做的事情 。
it's so nice to have you today . please come and see me again sometime .	今天 , 请再次见我 。 请再见我 。
thousands of militants traded in guns for stipends and training .	数千名军事交易于枪和训练 。
roundtrip economy class air ticket for hong kong and gold coast on sq . .	在香港和金海岸上 , 地区经济集团在香港和金融海岸 。
above , an artist's conception of the space launch system blasting off .	上述 , 艺术家的概念 , 艺术家的观念 。
the idc has a more uniform work function distribution than an oxide cathode .	idcsc具有一个独特的工作功能 , 比氧化碳的催化剂 。
many of jones' old friends join his team , along with some new ones .	很多琼斯的老朋友加入他的团队 , 与一些新闻一起 。
artists using this method of mixing colours to draw are called " pointillism " .	使用这种混合色法来驱动 " 的艺术家 。
because i really want to understand what it is like for a son and a father to relate each other .	因为我真的希望理解自己的儿子和父亲相关 。
scientists are conducting sampling to understand the threats from water pollution .	科学家们正在努力解决水污染的威胁 。
just permit the dime that she so shrinks in the carriage , allow her to so wail .	只要承认她在车里 , 允许她把她放到墙上 。
the effects of sedation may make you forget what you were instructed after the procedure .	编辑的效果可能会让你忘记在程序之后 , 所以 , 编辑的效果可能会让你忘记到什么 。
he chuckled slightly and blushed . " yeah , that was my girl . "	他慢慢慢慢慢慢慢慢慢慢慢慢地说: " 是我的女孩 。 "
cut the fish fillet in chunks , marinate it with some salt and pepper .	切割鱼填充 , 用盐和石油 。
our company is specialized in the production of pet collar , traction with the enterprise .	公司是专业生产的宠物核心产品 , 与企业交易 。
after years of ross mooning over rachel , she finally found out that he was in love with her .	过去几年后 , 她最终发现他与她的爱 。
to spirit , getting is meaningless and giving is all . t5 . i . 1 . 7	为了精神 , 无意义和礼物都是无意义的 。
and " change " refers to unleashing staff potential through deepening reform .	" 改变 " 参考 " 参考 " 通过深化改革的改革 。
when someone drives a perfect car in an improper manner , no one blames the car...	当有人在一辆完美的汽车时 , 没有一辆车...
the user can also select another language and read content in that language .	用户也可以选择另一个语言和阅读内容 。
if you’re a fan of the bubbly , you could try seltzer water instead .	如果你是一扇泡沫的球迷 , 你可以尝试盐水 。
therefore hear now this , thou afflicted , and drunken , but not with wine	因此 , 因此听起来 , 现在听起来 , 虽然没有喝酒 , 但没有酒吧 。
abundant kidneyyang warms and promotes all the viscera and organs .	丰富的金属战争 , 促进所有的维拉和组织 。
there are many methods to solve the one kind of ion reactions for the problem of groundwater .	有很多方法解决了地下水的问题之一 。
lather enhancer advantage in shampoos , soap , and facial wash .	拉瑟提高了山姆斯、肥皂、肥皂、肥皂、肥皂等优点 。
the best physicians are dr . diet , dr quiet and dr . merryman .	最好的物理学家都喝了 。
the longterm bull market trendline drawn from 2001 has remained intact .	长期购买市场趋势从2001年以来 , 长期购买市场趋势下降 。
meattextured fish protein concentrate is a new product developed in 1980's .	1980年 , 肉类蛋白蛋白含量是一种新产品 。
hook the small prawn from tail to head for fishing prawns and small fish .	把小镇从尾部到尾部 , 拿到鱼和小鱼 。
she waited for narcissus to speak first , and prepared her answer .	她等待名叫scisusususus先讲 , 准备她的答案 。
if i didn't study , i would buy a baby rabbit like mr . wu .	如果我没有学习 , 我会买一个婴儿的兔子 。
a group of people starts a business and they say , let's divide up the proceeds .	一组人开始了一个商业 , 他们说 , 让我们分开了蛋糕 。
otherwise , you're wasting a bit , so to speak , unnecessarily .	另外 , 你正在做一场比赛 , 所以要说话 , 直到说话 。
relationalism is the essence of practical materialism and piagets theory .	关系主义是实践材料主义和管道理论的存在 。
antiaustralia graffiti is sprinkled around the capital , dili .	抗亚澳大利亚大利亚葡萄牙在首都 , 死亡 。
lounge patrons desperately wanted to imbibe the essence of all this .	洛杉矶专家希望把所有的事情 。
modern cpus contain a subsystem known as the memory management unit .	现代cpus包含一个子系统 , 作为记忆管理单元 。
police said sunday that the death toll in the shooting rose to 86 .	警方说 , 周日 , 死亡死亡于86年 。
the invention discloses a microbial inoculum and a preparation method thereof .	本发明公开了一种微生物聚合物和制备方法 。
youth , in particular , are seen as beacons of innovation and creativity .	特别是 , 特别是 , 特别是 , 正如创新和创新 。
she also advises against anything with the words " antiaging . "	她还建议对任何词 " 反抗 " 的东西 。 "
the editorinchief blue penciled the article written by his reporter .	编辑主席蓝金在报告中写了一篇文章 。
to date , there have been 63 , 595 sales through the torontomls system this year .	今年 , 今年已经有633 , 595个销售了今年 。
i made a statement on our website that freddie is and will be part of our squad .	我在我们的网站上做了一个声明 , 将是我们的平方之一 。
everyone else tweaking their sites for their own use can do anything they want and will !	每个人都可以为自己的用户可以做任何事情 , 要做什么 !
later in the season , despite good planning , product starts to run out unevenly .	后来在季节 , 尽管良好的计划后 , 产品开始跑出 。
time for striver is kind of treasure , for lazy person , is a kind of burden .	有时候 , 对于劳斯人来说 , 是一种突然的突然 。
our silks are known for good quality . they are one of our traditional exports .	我们的银行是为良好的质量 , 它们是我们传统的出口之一 。
if you build your team from start , you will have much easyer time in the future .	如果你从开始开始建立你的团队 , 你就会很容易在未来 。
but even so , the two sister still can not help but think she is the advantage of their home .	但甚至 , 两个妹妹仍然不能帮助她认为她是家里的优势 。
figure 1 shows a screen capture of the application , a bar graph of yearly results .	图11显示了应用程序的屏幕功能 , 一年的图像 。
my mouth was wide open when i entered the cup room in via turati .	我的母亲在维拉斯的时候 , 我的时候 , 我的嘴巴被广泛开开了 。
imagine another 250 million people urbanising china over the next 20 years .	同时 , 想象另一个25000万人在未来的20年里 。
you can hover over vertical arrows to get details on the locks being held .	你可以在锁定上获得详细的文件 。
these landforms were dubbed tiankeng , or " naturally formed pits " .	这些地方是由泰坦克 , 或者 " 自然形成的pit " 。
if the ball arrives one second beforehand , will you yield it to the wind ?	如果球到第二次之前 , 你会把它放到窗口吗 ?
button shaped beads pendant , earing , a meson , welcome to order !	按钮分享好处 , 早些儿子 , 欢迎 !
as to what and how to release , the authorities will comply with relevant laws .	如何释放 , 权力将完成相关的法律 。
journalist: mr lin , do you think this is a very nice chance for bening ?	记者:林先生 , 你认为这是一个很好的机会吗 ?
twiggy was a little of both boy and girl , a mirror of her time .	小男孩和女孩都是一小男孩 。
if the market goes his way , he waits to be proven even more right bigger is better .	如果市场走走路 , 他等待更多的权利 , 更好 。
after a moment’s hesitation , tweener reaches out and takes the burger .	经过一次时候 , 温格勒回去 , 把手术拿出来 。
the world in general , and even more your briny world , accepts flogging .	世界在一般 , 甚至更多你的庆祝世界 , 接受flog 。
stack two 1 . 4x is better than one 2x in terms of picture quality .	标准2.4x比图像质量更好 。
listen to the tape and find out the main idea of this article and how it is organized .	听听到这个文章的主要思想 , 探讨了这个文章的主要思想 , 以及如何组织 。
1923 insulin first became generally available for use by diabetics .	1923年 , 1923年第一次被困难使用 。
of course , not all longstanding restaurants are celebrity haunts .	当然 , 不过 , 所有的餐厅都是庆祝的 。
effect analysis: day heart to have the devil body , brandied denied .	效果分析:天中心有死体 , 分化了 。
the bride was delighted , kissed him , and loved him with all of her heart .	桥子很轻松 , 亲吻他 , 爱他所有的心 。
you will be able to swap hotbar configurations at the same time you swap specs .	同时 , 您将可以在同一次运行热点的配置 。
there are many drove past some rubber estate around in kuala lumpur .	过去有很多毒品 , 坐在厨房里 。
vanda miss joaquim is the national flower of singapore .	瓦特纳米斯是新加坡的国家流量 。
objective to establish quality standard for compound zhuanggu capsule .	目的建立复合化合化合物质量标准 。
investigation and study of medicinal plants over yao wang mountain .	研究和研究中医学植物的研究和研究 。
however , this defeats the strong typing of the anonymous type .	然而 , 这个缺陷失了匿名类型的强大的典型 。
sun yuwen was an important figure of late qing dynasty .	阳光是清清代后代的重要图 。
the coming of automation is bound tohave important social consequences .	自动化的成果是促进社会的重要社会概念 。
this was the realisation that many children here can’t afford to go school .	这是很多孩子 , 很多孩子不能去上学 。
it's proving very difficult to peg him down to a definite date for completion .	这是很难的 , 让他下降到一个完整的日期 。
a lot of the issues we do within epa , or technically , is in nature .	很多问题 , 我们做了很多问题 , 或是技术上 , 是自然的 。
the man was an undercover deputy from iredell county sheriff's office .	这个男子是一个从伊尔德国家的官员 。
mc: would you please update us about shinhwa members' activities .	麦克:你愿意提高我们关于shinhwawa成员的活动 。
we are not told why jesus made some mud and placed it over the man's eyes .	我们不要告诉耶稣为什么让人眼睛放弃 , 把它放在人眼里 。
the captain brought the men to attention as the general arrived .	催化剂把男人注意到一般来注意 。
your father takes on too much . he forgets he's not growing any younger .	你的父亲在太多时候 , 他忘记他不会增长任何年轻 。
you need to have an existing project loaded into the integrated development environment .	你需要有一个存在的项目负载到集成开发环境 。
and , during feiler's battle with cancer , they would fight alongside him .	因此 , 在感觉者的战斗中 , 他们将战斗在他身边 。
henceforth it will be more difficult to avoid customs examination .	因此 , 因此 , 将更难避免客户检查 。
american liquor companies are finding inspiration in the financial crisis .	美国列车公司在金融危机中找到了消费 。
it is of reference value to control the pollution of the regional environment .	为了控制区域环境的污染价值 。
keep track of how much you'll need to pay for insurance and office supplies .	保持你需要支付保险和办公供应的支付 。
concise , after receipt of the g frequently reply in turn good mood .	结论 , 经过 , 通常在转变良好的食物 。
unclaimed bodies of the victims , such as rehabilitation work is under way .	除了维生素 , 例如反复工作的不确定 。
karen: i read about that in a trade mag . it's a new technology .	卡伦:我在贸易mag中读了 , 它是一个新的技术 。
this is the third in the discussion of the stars that make up the summer triangle .	这是第三个星级的讨论 , 使得夏季三角 。
in play garden , his since actor , it is miscellaneous labour ;	在玩园里 , 他的自由演员 , 是错误的劳动 ;
using this factory , the following data types used for the service definition were designed .	使用本厂 , 设计了该工厂 , 设计了该工厂的数据类型 。
the beaver dammed the stream with mud , branches and leaves .	美丽的美丽 , 带着泥、叶子和叶子 。
let's get some more coffee first . i'd like a sandwich , too .	让我们得到了更多咖啡 。 我喜欢沙滩 。
i don't want to suggest that sabrina's work is purely erotic here .	我不想建议 , 萨伯纳的工作是纯粹的 。
i call this italy's “straits of messina phenomenon .	我把它称为 " 意大利 " 的现象 。
read the directions and directly you will be directed in the right direction .	阅读目录和直接您将直接在正确的方向中 。
but when the policyholder is mortgages people , the situation should be different .	但是当政策的时候 , 政策者应该不同 。
this helps the doctor estimate how long you have been pregnant and your due date .	这个帮助医生估计你已经好了 , 你的双期 。
this ' honing ' is necessary in my opinion because of some reasons .	这是因为有些原因 。
when deciding whether or not to refinance , there are many factors to con sider .	当决定是否或不定义的时候 , 还有很多因素 。
we have seven children in my family . all sisters , excepting me .	我们在家里有七个孩子 , 所有妹妹 , 除了我 。
it offers the theoretical foundation for the use of this endosperm specific promoter .	它为这个结论的基础提供了理论基础 。
when the weather warms up , ice cream shops have lines out their doors .	当天气温暖的时候 , 冰淇淋店已经出门 。
in his art world , also an impressive spring waters and autumn hills scene .	在他的艺术世界 , 还有一个印象的春水和秋山山 。
and he has discovered many such grassroots experts on douban . com .	他已经发现了许多草案专家 。
i made whales , fish , and birds of every size , shape and colour .	我制作了鲸鱼 , 鱼 , 鸟类 , 形状和色彩 。
if two people are meant to be together , eventually they ' ll find their wat back .	如果两个人在一起 , 最终他们就会找到他们的观点 。
our evaluation: the parallel web provides no data locality whatsoever .	我们的评估:parallelweb提供没有数据的局部性 。
these restaurant recommendations can be viewed by other friends of yours .	这些餐厅建议可以通过其他朋友看到 。
i’m trying to remove as many impediments to that as possible .	我试图去除许多实施 。
that he had fed live kittens to sharks . ( " no kittens . "	这是他曾经生活的孩子 。 " " 没有关心 。 "
shield and heraldic mail with surcoat show your custom banner .	ieieield和药物显示您的客户餐厅 。
some believe there are concerns among the central government as well .	一些相信中央政府的内容有关注 。
and she passed a crime scene where somebody was shot on the street .	她在街上走了一条犯罪场景 。
the east end of the chapel projects farther eastwards than the great gate .	通道项目的东西比大门 。
all others who found—and opened bottles—would be put to death .	所有的其他人都发现 , 开放了瓶子 。
in version 6 . 0 , many additional enhancements have been introduced .	在版本6.0中 , 介绍了许多额外的增强 。
pilate therefore , willing to release jesus , spake again to them .	因此 , 愿意释放耶稣 , 再次给他们 。
this product has the functions of antifatigue and adjusting immune .	本产品的产品具有抗异性和调整免疫的功能 。
firstly , i needed to register domain name with a registrant . for e . g .	首先 , 我需要重新修订域名 。
the cast iron rod bushing provides maximum load bearing support .	铸铁路建筑提供了最大的负载支撑 。
flower town: yunnan known as " kingdom of plants " .	花朵:云南人知道 " 植物 " 的国王 " 。
here's a frontispiece with rosenberg in a military coat .	这里是一位军事战斗 。
love the team , love the whole team , believe and trust , 4ever .	爱团队 , 爱全球队 , 相信和信任 。
the machine is with accessories and suitable for the binging of insole .	机械是有成功的 , 适用于内容 。
he then changed into overalls and spent the next eight hours as a dustman .	然后他改变了整个小时 , 下八个小时 。
i gave away a block of cheddar cheese with crumbled bacon in it .	我给了一块化学的奶酪 , 把奶酪放在这里 。
we came in third . that was because ivor caught a crab right at the start .	第三 , 这是因为我在初初开始的 。
the beekeepers did not find dead adult bees as they often do after winter .	保持者不会发现死亡 , 往往往往往往往是冬天的 。
stiga has now managed to combine speed and touch in the same blade .	加拿大现在已经经理与同样的黑色 。
you may override this behavior with the n , or maxargs , parameter .	你可以通过这个行为 , 或者maxarg , 参数 。
no , you may keep him out the whole night for me , '' i answered .	没有 , 你可以让他留下了整夜 , " 我回答道 。 "
at the same time , their sensitivity to the absurd is sharper than ever .	同时 , 它们的敏感性比永恒 。
all good chinese writers who to my mind are worth anything have repudiated it .	所有好的中国作家都是否有什么东西 。
for whom , for whom , who has waited for eternity in a thousand years ?	对于谁来说 , 对于谁来说 , 谁已经等到了数千年吗 ?
however , the injunction means it will miss out on the opportunity .	然而 , 调整意味着它将错误在机会上 。
these were led by arthur's halfsister , morgan , who was a witch .	这些是由阿瑟斯的半人 , 摩根 , 摩根是一位巫师 。
under kelly , westpac merged with st . george's in 2008 .	在2008年 , 西方的西方人和斯特拉德 。 乔治在2008年 , 乔治的乔治 。
i ' m calling you because the boy comes from your city , said dr . haydon .	我要告诉你 , 因为男孩来自你的城市 , 哈德森说 。
it was a gloomy picture , but even so we were glad to be back in formosa .	这是一个全球的照片 , 即使我们在形式上被玻璃 。
though it would mean in reality we would probably look much different or not exist at all .	尽管它将意味着我们可能会在实际上看到很多或不存在 。
the housing cost is concerned with the vital interests of the billions of people .	房子成本与数百万人相关的房子有关 。
nominations and eight marriages , has died in los angeles at age 79 .	第八个婚姻 , 年龄79岁 。
wild campaign charges were made against both polk and clay .	野生猫猫猫猫猫猫猫猫猫猫猫猫猫猫猫猫猫猫猫猫猫猫猫猫猫猫猫猫猫猫 。
and these were different from the areas activated during the initial learning of the sequence .	这些区域在初期学习的初期学习中都不同 。
a large press , inlaid with agate and lapislazuli , filled one .	大量的压力 , 放大和拉拉拉拉扎利 , 填充了一个 。
iron the fly area of the pants , then the seams and hem of the first leg .	然后 , 第一腿的第一腿 , 第一腿 。
objective:to observe the action of ningxue decrease piles suppository .	目的:观察新西降低管供应的活动 。
breastfeeding pamphlets are available in our hospital to help you .	我们的医院可以帮助你 。
in order to properly handle criticism , you also need to properly handle praise .	为了确定处理批评 , 你也需要做出适当的手工练习 。
horrible . unwilling to die ! can not be married , and divorce !	希里利.不愿死 ! 不能结婚 , 离婚 !
for it is just as when i feed myself – i don't expect to be rewarded .	为了我感觉自己的时候 , 我不愿意去 。
poor barry stopped a packet when his car was in collision with a lorry .	波特·布里利在他的汽车上停下了一辆汽车 。
when someone says , " i'm a speaker , " this is generally what they mean .	某个人说: " 我是个说话 , " 这通常是他们的意思 。
saponification slagfly ash can be used in the high fill sections of highway .	盐酸化缓缓冲剂可以在高速填料中应用 。
the discovery was made by nasa's planethunting telescope kepler .	这个发现由nasa的计划计划的发现是由nasa的 。
his daily work is to riddle coal cinders to get out the larger pieces .	他的日子工作是为了获得更大的管道 。
an applied study of radioligand binding assay on some different receptors ;	研究了一种在不同的接收器上应用的方法 ;
it is far away in the country , but always with me , wherever i am .	很远在国家 , 但总是与我一起 , 我总是在那里 。
to him , all the farewell sentiments are something one has to endure in life .	对于他来说 , 所有脂肪的代表都是一件事 。
" this project was interesting for manyreasons , " says mr . rochon .	" 这项项目对许多原因有兴趣 , " 罗隆先生说 。
in fact , the world of friendship there are jealous , that nothing less than love .	事实上 , 朋友们的世界 , 没有爱 。
the inmates burst out laughing: " where do you think you are , sweden ? "	" 你认为你是什么样的 , 你认为你是怎么 ? "
neil webb got injured and i got my chance to play for england .	尼尔web网上伤害了 , 我得到了我的机会 。
so i made some metal tips for my fingers and learned to play again .	所以我为我的手工做了一些金属组织 , 学习了 。
if you can keep your cool under stressful situations , she'll notice .	如果你可以保持你的冷静的情况下 , 她会注意 。
with these sprigs just fly ahead of the other pocket bikes in the race .	随着这些语言只是在比赛中 , 另一次攻击手机 。
improving the water desalting efficient is also an important method to saving water .	提高水脱水效率的提高 , 提高了水的提高 , 提高了水的防水效率 , 是保存水的重要方法 。
jeremy's eyes widened as he looked down at the city lights .	杰勒斯的眼睛看起来 , 他看着城市灯 。
we left there at 5:00pm , and we were all very happy for this excursion .	我们离开了5:00pm , 我们都很幸福 。
how you find " smart " people who know the technology and the business ?	你怎么找到 " 智能 " 的人 " 谁知道技术和业务吗 ?
yes , i must thank you for organizing that . i found it most interesting .	是的 , 我必须要谢谢你 。 我找到大多数兴趣 。
the spring water is of dark green , deep and running all the year round .	春水是黑绿色 , 深深的 , 每年都跑步了 。
this means they will also have access to compulsory education for free .	这意味着他们也会有访问自由教育教育 。
to recognize the disease , the review and report are as follows .	为了认识疾病 , 审查和报告是遵循的 。
jeanie is right . here inuit can hunt and shoottokill freely .	珍妮是正确的 , 这里可以放弃和鞋子 。
" i dance rather well for a cowboy , " he told her amusedly .	" 我的舞蹈很好 , " 他告诉她 。 "
meshing the research and marketing operations will be mr . furlaud's job .	新兴研究和市场运营将是弗拉拉斯的工作 。
homicides are also rare , which makes new zealand a safe place to live in .	医药还是很罕见 , 这使得新西兰安全的地方 。
at citigroup , revenue fell by $28 billion , or 34% .	在citterup中 , 收入收入率为28亿美元 , 或34% 。
could your faith remain firm and immoveable through these challenging times ?	你的信仰仍然可以通过这些挑战的挑战呢 ?
it is no good hen that crackles in your house and lay in another's .	这是不好的他 , 还是在另一个房子里 , 还是不好的 。
mr . abas said the talk with powell was deep , severe and hopeful...	阿拉拉斯说 , 波尔深深深 , 严重和希望...
the codification of china's private law should model led on german one .	中国私人法的认识 , 应该在德国人民法律的认识 。
as a writer , i make my life known and woven into the fabric of literature .	作为一个写作 , 我使我的生命的知识和赢得了文学品 。
before then , operating systems were handcoded in assembly and were not portable .	然后 , 操作系统被编码 , 不能运行 。
at least now , you will have something to show for it . it may even end up on youtube .	至少 , 至少 , 你会有些东西 , 甚至可能在青少年 。
getting this one in the fairway is a must to avoid the canyon left .	获得这条铁路的一条必须避免了铁路 。
the little mermaid is one of anderson's more moving fairytales .	小女性是一个更多的运动员之一 。
as soon as the baby cormorant breaks the eggs , it is watched by damin himself .	很快就像婴儿的鸡蛋一样 , 看起来是由大卫自己看到的 。
chinese translations shall be attached to the documents and forms done in foreign languages .	中国翻译应当在外语言中安装到文档和形式 。
navy blue is a trusted colour and gives us confidence , " lindsay said . "	海军蓝是一个真正的色彩 , 给我们信心 , " 丽丽莎说 。 "
except it's difficult to analyze the genes of the extinct mosasaurs .	除了它很难分析了继续莫萨萨萨斯的基因 。
therefore , collectivity design on the underwater ship hull cleaning robot is finished .	因此 , 综合设计在水下船舶船舶船舶船舶船舶上清洗机器人完成 。
grasp planning is the most important subject of the masterslave dexterous hand grasping .	graspsping计划是最重要的主题 , 是最重要的手工处理的工具 。
using the latest technologies and procedures in manufacturing , officemanagement and design .	使用最新技术和程序在制造、办公管理和设计中使用最新的技术和程序 。
returns the zerobased index of the item at the specified coordinates .	返回了零部指数的指标 。
he extended along to see an outside and started to grip a duck leg to bite all alone .	他在外面看到了一个外面 , 开始抓住一只鸭腿 。
chanel's dedication to the apparel industry will never be forgotten by people of the world .	通道的检测将永远不会忘记世界人民的世界 。
some discussions concerning the application and selected method of power line carrier equipment are also given .	还给出了一些讨论了应用程序和选择电源线路载体设备的方法 。
a soa is an enterprisescale it architecture for linking resources on demand .	因此 , 因此 , 一个企业是一个企业类型 , 为了在需求上连接资源的建筑 。
total firsttime enrolment of international graduate students rose 12 per cent this year .	今年 , 国际毕业生的第一次 , 第一次 , 国际毕业生罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯特·罗斯·罗斯特·罗斯特·罗斯
the soviet commitment to the destruction of capitalism is not purely ritualistic and proforma .	苏联委员会承认 , 资本主义的决定并非纯粹的理论和进展 。
the town of lunenburg just like tongli is also a world cultural heritage site .	lunenburg的城市也喜欢ngli , 也是一个世界文化遗产网站 。
in this paper , a kind of new catalysts for olefins hydroformylation was studied .	本文研究了一种新的催化剂的催化剂 , 研究了一种新的催化剂的催化剂 。
finally , the key issues for future development and solving strategies were discussed .	最后 , 讨论了未来发展和解决策略的关键问题 。
objective to study the protective effects of pts on focal cerebral ischemia in rats .	目的探讨ptttt对小鼠骨折的保护作用 。
ftlauderdalesun — stark contrast to the violent and swift water of the beach .	ftlalalaududdaleunle---srk-skunle的合同 , 标准合同 , 与achachachach的暴力水 。
tarpaulin , can be seen everywhere in china and is said not only very unique landscape .	目前 , 可以看到中国各地 , 不仅是独特的地方 。
a deep change is coming and it aims to transform several life phellolosophelloes .	深度改变 , 旨在改变多个生物elloellololololololololololos 。
during the summer months , mice will generally live outside and remain contended there .	在夏天夏天 , 小鼠通常生活在外面 , 仍然继续在那儿 。
the key to making a skidded parallel turn is the controlled sideslip .	这个关键是为了制定一个skid-pall-pallel转换的关键 。
the next step is to instantiate the runtime wires that connect the components .	下一个步骤是为了保证连接组件的运行时线 。
one free draft beer for purchasing draft beer at lunch time in de bistro .	一个免费的啤酒啤酒啤酒在圣诞节上 。
the judge told the prisoner the jury had acquitted him of the charge of bigamy .	法官告诉监狱的判决 , 朱利已经被逮捕了他的犯罪 。
the six u . s . schools have awarded more than 2 , 250 degrees here .	六个美国学校已经奖励了2 , 250英寸 。
these attacks must stop and so must the smuggling of weapons into gaza .	这些攻击必须停止 , 所以必须将武器转化为加沙沙 。
i am very satisfied , from 2001 to the present the past few years amounted to more than live .	我很满意 , 从2001年来 , 来自2001年来 , 今天 , 几年来我已经很满意了 。
figure 4: mapping the various abd workflows across several projects	图4:在几项项目中映射了各种吸收工作流程 。
the medieval worlds in its everyday transactions , had never insisted upon ready money .	每天 , 中价世界都在其中一个世界上 , 没有坚持准备好的钱 。
you cannot abuse and torture people and expect to get results that are accurate and credible .	你不能建设和农村人民 , 希望得到准确和可信的结果 。
clark's sgmls is the most widelyused sgml parser in the world .	克拉克的sgml是世界上最广泛的gml公园 。
" look , nanny , perfume , " eleanor holds up a bottle of cologne .	" 看来 , 南京 , " 欧利亚希望着一瓶酒吧 。
have you ever tried to answer questions like these , either for yourself or for someone else ?	你已经试图回答这些问题 , 还是为了自己或是为自己的问题呢 ?
the catalog contains the latest releases of projects and their descriptions .	包含项目的最新版本 , 包括项目和它们的描述 。
it sets out tax policy for the year . since 1997 there has also been a prebudget report .	自1997年以来 , 自1997年的税政策建立了一项预期报告 。
objective to establish the qualitative identification methods of ninxin capsules .	目的建立ninxininxinininxinp蛋白质量识别方法的定量识别方法 。
objective: to set up the fast immune method in detecting ureaplasma urealyticum .	目的:建立最快的免疫方法 。
he al ays makes full preparations for his classes and corrects our home ork carefully .	他总是对他的班级做完全准备 , 正确的是我们的家庭或周围的 。
lady gaga: for halloween i'm going to be...a little monster ! ! ! !	拉蒂比亚:因为我要做好...
and the living creatures ran and returned as the appearance of a flash of lightning .	生活的创造力范围和返回作为光灯的现象 。
we caught up with a variety of lawyers and legal academics on the deal .	我们带着各种律师和法律学院的法律学术 。
when poissons ratio is zero , tile exact solution of displacement is obtained .	研究了poisissonati是零、组织实验解决方案的 , 得到了解决方案 。
affects a maximum of 5 friendly targets and 5 enemy targets .	影响影响五个友好的目标和5个敌人目标的最大目标 。
he apparently expected to see only lattesipping , scriptwriting spectators .	他似乎希望只能看到晚期 , 脚本编写光谱 。
it's a smile , a rather dorky smile , but there's a smile .	这是一个微笑 , 一个小狗笑着 , 但有一个微笑 。
minimizes penetration , which may help prevent burnthrough on thin materials .	最小的penet , 可能有助于防止薄材料的进一步 。
the state space equation of rigidflexible coupled isolation system is established .	建立了刚性耦合系统的状空间空间方程 。
her louboutin ankle boots provide that highfashion edge she's become famous for .	她的洛uboinkleinklekleboot提供了高兴的编辑版本 , 她已经成为著名的 。
high cortisol levels can affect sleep , weight and immune resistance .	高腐败水平可以影响睡眠、重量和免疫耐药 。
resultsincidence rate of psychological problems was 15 . 79% in the editors ;	结果心理学问题的发生率为15.79% ;
our publication house plans to publish a series of modern versions of the classics .	我们的公共房子计划推出一系列现代版本 。
made out of chestnut wood , and all the blocks and cleats are made out of cherry wood .	除了陈林 , 所有的衣服和衣服都是由樱桃木制成的 。
his artwork has been compiled into the series collected art work of jao tsungi .	他的艺术作品已经完成了一系列的艺术作品 。
if you run into crocodiles , just kick them with your boots . you want to catch me up ?	如果你跑进衣服 , 只是用你的鞋子 , 你想把我拿起来吗 ?
when you’re enjoying what you do , you’re more likely to do it well and to be successful .	当你喜欢做什么时候 , 你更有可能做得很好 , 而且要成功 。
their insights were invaluable to me in putting the " how to " parts of these posts together .	它们的轻量很适合我把 " 如何 " 放弃这些邮件的部分 " 如何 " 。
this can be made a skip test to try to ping localhost if apache is in the process list .	如果apache在过程列表中的过程中 , 这可以做一个ksipip测试 。
tom: that is weird . if every comment was left at 2:08 , it must be a clue .	汤姆:这是我们的 , 如果每个评论都在2:08年 , 必须是一个俱乐部 。
andrew feustel , an astronaut , got soap in his eye and started tearing up .	几乎几乎 , 阿森纳尔 , 他的眼睛 , 开始告诉 。
experimentation proved that tdd digital handset is feasible in technology .	实验证明 , tdd数字手工具可行 。
we will provide you some inquiry or reference about view , food , residence during the journey .	我们将为你提供一些要求或参考 , 食物 , 在记者期间 , 居民 。
enrico letta of the democratic party of the left said the violence must be deplored .	英国民主党的民主党的民主党 , 必须删除 。
joe:well , it's a ...ok . let me teach you . one plus one equals two .	约瑟:我们是个.......................................
this paper makes a further development on the basis of the study made by the traditional grammarians .	本文对传统的格拉姆斯学家的研究进一步探讨了一步的发展 。
reference:help improve . . . . therefore , it is in the basic interestes of all chinese .	参考:hhhelp提高 , 因此 , 因此它是在中国基本利益的基本利益 。
this moment will nap , you will have a dream ; but this moment study , you will interpret a dream .	这个时刻 , 你会有一个梦想 , 但是这项研究 , 你会解释梦 。
like i mentioned , you can also use " i want to " to ask if you may do something indirectly .	喜欢我提到 , 你也可以使用 " 来问 " 如果你可能做一些事情 。
i did ask and the guy said he was neg and only ever played safe but hadnt been tested in over a year .	我问 , 男子们说 , 只有在一年里 , 只有没有安全 , 但在一年前我已经试验了 。
thee guy replies , " oh , that was his mother . she wanted him tobe a doctor . " "	" 哦 , 哦 , " 哦 , 是他的母亲 , 她希望他是个医生 。 "
well it is a watch but it is a steampunk watch and that is what makes all the difference .	好的是一个看法 , 但它是一个步骤的手段 , 看起来都是什么差异的 。
butterflies , flying around della , said , " can you smell the spring in the air ?	可是 , 飞机在桌上 , 说: " 你可以在空中游行春天 ? "
i swear to god . i'll throw you out of this house and never look at you again !	我喜欢上帝 , 我会把你扔出去那房子 , 没看到你再见 !
every time you touch your face , you're oepositing dirt and oil , which can clog pores .	每次你们的脸上 , 你都会在吃饭和油油油 , 这些物质都可以清洗 。
the premium line will be designed by tara members , and include their writing and pictures .	总统线将由塔拉成员设计 , 包括他们的写作和图片设计 。
if an amount is not stated in the appendix to tender this sub clause shall not apply .	如果一个数量不在申请的申请中 , 就不应该申请 。
and ebay claims it does a better job of preventing fraud than other payment services .	而ebay宣布 , 要比其他付款服务更好的工作更好的工作 。
correlation of different tnm stages in the overall correlation coefficient is0 . 569 .	不同tnm的tnm阶段的相关性是0.569 。
if you give up the right , anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law .	如果你放弃权利 , 任何你可以说 , 就会在法院的法律中使用 。
at the same time . the interference in the detection caused by the presence of m50 alkyl...	同时 , 在测试中 , 由于m50kyl的测试引起的会议 。
may you remain strong and continue praying for us , most honoured and reverent lord .	也许你仍然很强 , 继续祈祷我们 , 大多数荣誉和重新登记者 。
you can also design your own modules , so webmin can always be adapted to fit your needs .	你也可以设计自己的模式 , 所以webmin总是适应您的需要 。
the dialer makes out going phone calls on the pc with a usb phone or headset .	直接制作手机 , 用usb电话或头部 。
we want to try to solve problems that have troubled our nations and our relationship for decades .	我们希望试图解决我们的国家和我们的关系 。
there are many many ways round it , i think that at every occasion we need to look for the best fingering .	有很多途径 , 我认为 , 每个偶像都需要寻找最好的手段 。
finally , when she turned fortyfive years old , she found the courage to walk away .	最后 , 最后 , 当她在五岁时 , 她发现了法院 。
there is nothing more damaging than not having a single question at the end of an interview .	没有什么事情 , 无论是在接触的结束结束之后 , 没有什么事情 。
sundress in chiffon with adjustable shoulder straps and layered sweep .	通过调整可调整的肩膀 , 肩膀应该适应 , 拉伸汗 。
in addition , bba could increase the expression of hsp60 at 12 h after sn lesion .	此外 , bba可以增加hsp60的hsp60的表达 。
merrie shook her head . “i don’t think they’ve figured out yet how to live . ”	" 我不认为他们是如何生活的 。 "
the second newly confirmed case was a 23yearold man from bogor , west java .	第二个新的确认的案例是一名23岁的男子 , 西约瓦 。
single flagship product with potential integrations to other aspects of the sccm suite	单层制品具有潜力的集成 , 具有潜在的智能集成 , 另一方面的特点是一方面的 。
i'm carl azuz , welcome to a new week of cnn student news .	我是汽车zzzzzzzzz , 欢迎到一周 , 欢迎cnnn学生新闻 。
last time john flow to hong kong he was so ill he had to use the airsickness bag .	最后 , 约翰逊流到香港 , 所以他要用空气袋 。
when i got it out of the trash , it was covered in soggy , sticky garbage .	当我走出来的时候 , 我把它覆盖在蛋糕中 , 坚韧的气体气体 。
listen to the reports , know the landscape , plug your ears , and go on ahead .	听到报告 , 听起来 , 知景观 , 插入你的耳朵 , 把耳朵放在头上 。
lest the lord see it , and it displease him , and he turn away his wrath from him .	留下耶和华 , 放弃他 , 把他放弃了他 。
plg and antibiotic group exhibited significantly lower scores than others .	plg和抗生素组的抗生素组表现显著低于其他 。
if they do something good , no matter how small , celebrate like they just landed on the moon !	如果他们做一些好的事情 , 没有多少 , 就像他们在月球上站了 !
idiographic type , each technical parameter , please call oremail !	鉴别类型 , 每个技术参数 , 请呼叫或邮件 !
there's someone who loves you far more than you know with a love that kee growing as days come and go .	有些人喜欢你远远远超过你们的爱 , 希腊的生长一天 , 来到来 , 去了 。
globalisation is a catchall to describe increased international trade .	全球化是一项机会 , 描述国际贸易的机会 。
use the " i'm frustrated " pattern to express yourself when you feel stifled ,	使用 " 我是用 " 模式来表达自己的时候 , 你觉得自己的时候 , 用 " 模式来表达自己 " 模式 。
my parents speak and act like " old children " , often make people laugh .	我的父母讲 , 像 " 老孩 " , 常常让人笑 。
buffalo has offered many insights into the human dance in the materials we have shared .	布洛洛在材料中提供了很多重视 。
the u . s . emerged from the grueling 20072009 recession just over two years ago .	美国从2007-2009年以来 , 美国从增长到20072009年前 , 只有两年前 。
kneed for 10 minutes and set aside in a large bowl until double in size .	为10分钟和设置在一个大碗内 , 直到两个尺寸 。
her children vetoed the idea , saying mr . diez just wants her money .	她的孩子们跑去了想法 , 说 , 迪兹先生只是想要她的钱 。
things between us you can't hide , a stranger's hand weighs upon your mind .	在我们之间 , 一个陌生的手把手放在你的心里 。
however , when the snow continued to the south sala , has become a disaster .	然而 , 当雪继续继续到南沙拉 , 已经成为灾难 。
here is the reddest rose in all the world . you will wear it tonight next your heart .	这里是世界上最红玫瑰 , 你将会穿上你的心 。
love is our true destiny . we do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone .	爱是我们的真实 , 我们不能找到生命的意义 。
out of his trance jim seemed quickly to wake . he enfolded his della .	来自他的交通jimim似乎迅速醒来 , 他把他的桌子放弃了 。
the breed is only one in a gallery of bizarre variations of the common goldfish .	bre只是一个在普通金鱼的生物变化器中 , 只有一个在一群共同金属的生物变化 。
ceaselessly musing , venturing , throwing , seeking the spheres to connect them .	无论是多么多的音乐 , 穿着东西 , 看到空间连接它们的速度 。
how can a side , the spot asked zhu xiaoshui is a small shewolf .	怎样 , 请问张晓晓是一个小的羊毛 。
dragons are terrifying and aweinspiring as they take wing and breathe fire .	龙龙正在变化 , 只要他们采取和呼吸火 。
but your precious hours are probably better spent thinking about whether you like your date .	然而 , 你的前一小时可能会更好的精神思想你是否喜欢你的日期 。
yet others advertise their services – known as escort services – on the internet .	然而 , 其他广告广告服务 , 称为 " 葡萄酒服务 " 服务 " 的服务 " 。
if they add artificial intelligence , we can find out if the device is happy as a clam .	如果他们添加了人工智慧 , 我们可以找到设备是幸福的 。
in addition , 2/84 cases could not be detected by rsca for their poor pcr results .	此外 , 2/84例并不能被rsca检测到rsca的rsca的rsca结果 。
i'll live my life apart from you , just glimpsing you across the sky .	我会住我的生活 , 只是在天空里 。
people , but i don't know , at the same time , i think people are really interested in what they're doing .	人们 , 但我不知道 , 同时 , 我认为人们真是很有兴趣 。
greek , made in athens , 510 – 490 bc , from vulci , italy .	希腊 , 希腊 , 510 , 590公斤 , 意大利 , 意大利 。
this not only recite a long time , will be known to the " cooked " to " fine " , as i can .	这并不仅是一段时间 , 将会知道 " 烹饪 " 的 " 烹饪 " 来 " 的 " 鱼 " , 就像我可以 。
young plants of the wheat and the grass were the best to feed the nymphae .	年轻的植物和草草是最好的饲料 。
nowadays as more and more people study abroad , the returnees are not so popular as before .	现在 , 现在 , 现在 , 已经越来越多 , 返回并不如此之前 。
however , eventually the crowds tire of him and he gets bored just swinging on tires .	然而 , 最终 , 最终 , 最终 , 最终他把他放在树林上 。
as we all know the opium war in 1840 china began to the modernization of humiliation .	在1840年 , 我们都知道 , 中国开始于1840年代人民的现代化 。
jeb wilkinson: a man has only one life time . but history can remember you forever .	杰布莱金森:一个人只有一生 , 但历史只能记住你永远 。
the heat then propels the seawater back up through the crust , where it meets colder water .	然后 , 天气将海水放在水里 , 会遇到冷水 。
david k . cohen's teaching and its predicaments takes on that paradox .	大卫生k.con的教学和其预测在这场公园里 。
in late 1970s , some npos have realized that marketing may be helpful to reach their goal .	在1970年后 , 一些npopos已经认识到 , 市场可能会有助于去达到他们的目标 。
crop scientist jess lowenbergdeboer says this helps local farmers relate to them .	科学家jopopopopopopop科学家jenengdeboer说 , 这帮助地方农民关系到他们 。
say , " mary is my friend , and it makes me feel bad to hear you talk this way . "	说: " 玛丽是我的朋友 , 让我觉得自己听到你说的话 。 "
nitrate was the mainly form of dissolved inorganic nitrogen in zhelin bay .	尼trate是zhelinba的主要形式 。
consider purchasing a hepa filter to remove the greatest amount of allergens .	考虑购买一个热型滤波器来删除最好的所有原因 。
if you decide to have a more featurerich database later , you will have to change the code in your application .	如果你决定有更多的特征数据库 , 后来 , 你必须在应用程序中改变代码 。
one day , when they do find time to stop to smell the flowers , it might be too late .	一天 , 当他们在做时候 , 要停下花 , 还有可能太晚了 。
kra could not be applied to uncertain data directly because uncertain data has probability .	基拉不能应用于不确定的数据直接应用 , 因为不确定的数据已经有可能 。
please send your resumes , expected salary and photos to address by post .	请给您的费用 , 期待经常和照片 , 请通过邮件发送您的费用 。
li bai said there is a place near the hot springs , is an excellent place to cultivate .	李宝说 , 在热春中有一个地方 , 是一个很好的地方 。
but perhaps you'd like to see it in hires on a huge screen ? maybe in 3d ?	可是 , 你可能会想看到它在大规模上吗 ?
he kept his strong and vigorous mien . the water bottle in his bag wobbled .	他杀了他的强烈和暴力的矿物 , 水瓶在他的袋子里 。
as logistics sites , cities are of higher risk of harmful biological invasion .	作为物流网站 , 城市是较高的生物侵蚀的风险 。
in joint offense has transitional form of crimes , also exists surplus behavior .	加入联合党的传统形式 , 同时也存在了现有的ursursurcepls的行为 。
in certain circumstances the capabilities of a human observer are limited .	在某些情况下 , 人类观察器的能力有限 。
careful examination of the orings confirmed that there was no blowby whatsoever .	仔细考试 , 确认 , 没有出生的考试 。
most of the time this will apply to cutting up visual designs or helping troubleshoot a bug .	大多数时候 , 大多数会适用于使用虚拟设计或帮助双点 。
no matter where i go , yangzhou's snacks will never leave my mind .	无论我去哪儿 , 杨州的蛇不会留下我的思想 。
the increasing speed of internet connections is the main reason for the fastgrowth .	网络连接的增加速度是最快的原因 。
here's hoping that more of his work gets translated into english . and soon , please !	这里的希望 , 更多的工作使得更多的英语翻译成英语 。
representation of cancer in the medical literature a bibliometric analysis	医学文学的代表是医学文学的一种生物医学分析的生物医学分析 。
the mayfly is to trout fly fishing , what the microchip is to the personal computer .	五月里 , 微芯片是为人力计算机的 , 微芯片是什么 。
we pissed our teacher off again today , horsing around and acting up .	今天我们的老师今天 , 老师们在一起跑去 。
the findings of physical examination correlated with the different nerve root deficits .	物理考试的发现与不同神经根的生理学检验相关 。
disabling , refractory knee pain that meets both of the following criteria .	分配 , 反射理论基因疼痛 , 两者都会有关犯罪 。
village environment safety is beautiful and clean , vegetation is rich !	村庄环境安全是美丽的 , 清洁 , 蔬菜是丰富的 !
you can air dry sports bras to prolong the life of the moisturewicking fabrics .	你可以干燥机场的运动员工具 , 提高了机场的生命 。
chill winter didn't affect the trend of outbreak of summer and fall .	希恩冬天没有影响夏天和秋天的趋势 , 并不会影响夏天的趋势 。
in xikang , for instance , a number of problems have cropped up in this field .	例如 , 例如 , 很多问题已经在这场领域的问题上被关闭 。
minute fragments of shoot apices are proverbially difficult to culture .	缺点的小部分部分是很难文化的文化 。
a tipical reset technique for five transistors active pixel is proposed .	提出了一种基于五种传统管道的机械回收技术 。
well , the answer is simple , the answer is found using a counterexample .	此外 , 答案是简单的 , 答案是使用一个错误的 。
objective: nutrients in northern hibiscus syriacus are determined .	目的:探讨北北北部hibibisysysysysysysysysysysysysysysysysysysysersysysys
burning fire dragon in huanglongxi dated back to the southern song dynasty .	黄西西西南部的火灾龙龙回到南宋 。
cu sidhe are huge , dark green fay hounds from the land of ever young .	安德斯蒂是大量的 , 黑绿色的绿色 , 来自年轻的年轻 。
print a machine parsable list of features the specified plugin provides .	印刷机床可靠的特点列表特征插件提供 。
the chinese traditional culture is kind of material form of the chinese thinking , speaking and operating .	中国传统文化是中国思想的材料形式 , 演讲和操作 。
the workers were frequently beaten and were forced to live in prisonlike conditions .	工作人员通常在囚犯条件下 , 被迫住在囚犯条件下 。
an entrylevel position in sales . eventual goal: manager of marketing department .	在销售中 , 事件目标:市场部门管理 。
in the course of our trip , we have learned a great deal in all the places we visited .	在我们的试验中 , 我们已经在所有地方都学到了一个伟大的债务 。
oh , i went to this beautiful place in italy . it's called tuscany .	哦 , 我去了这个美丽的地方 , 是叫做tcany 。
that he might sanctify her , cleansing her by the washing of the water in the word .	那么他可能会看到她 , 清洗她的水洗了她 。
how does ability overcome my old selfabased psychology ? very irritated !	怎样才能让我的老年自我增加心理吗 ?
there's less than two weeks to go until the start of the shenzhen universiade .	两个星期 , 直到沈阳大学开始 。
rub the cream , for heating , which is more easily absorbed by the skin .	运行cream , 对于热热 , 更容易吸收皮肤的皮肤 。
the hexapede staggers . it stands , its muscles spasming , then falls over .	混合的站点 , 它站着它的音乐速度 , 然后倒塌了 。
to get myself to actually do , my favorite trick is the 50 minutes rule .	实际上 , 我最喜欢的尝试是50分钟的规则 。
the next step would be to add the such systems to subways in major metropolitan areas .	下一个步骤将在大规模地区附加这些系统 。
in old china , eighty per cent of the children received no formal education .	在中国 , 8%的孩子收到不正式教育 。
my dad was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in the prime of hellos life .	我的爸爸被诊断了多个屏幕 。
these projects showed the wisdom and innovativeness of the participating students .	这些项目显示了参与学生的智慧和创新性 。
tour montparnasse , with 209 meters the second highest in europe , paris .	目前莫帕帕帕纳斯 , 随着209米 , 欧洲第二次最高的欧洲 , 巴黎 。
during the month the house was under repair , we lived with our cousins next door .	在这个月里 , 房子里 , 我们住在我们的房子里 。
the news isn't all bad , according to an accompanying editorial .	新闻并没有所有坏事 , 根据安装合适的编辑器 。
an object of the present invention is to miniaturize a circuit board connector .	本发明的一项目的是为了使得电路板连接器 。
uzma mehboob worked as a program manager when the shelter was for women .	uzzmamahob工作作为一个程序管理器的程序管理器 。
the paper gives an introduction to the research and produce of the product of base wallpaper .	介绍了基于墙板生产的研究和生产 。
we substituted red balls for blue balls , to see if the baby could notice .	西方把红球为蓝球球 , 要看到球队可以注意 。
the great will of combating the yushu earthquake continuously inspired me .	大会结合地震的大陆 , 继续引起我 。
this is because the outer cuticle layer of the hair fiber is broken and flaked .	这是因为这是由于头发纤维的外部层 , 是由于发发纤维的外部层 。
compound of protease , amylase , diastatic enzyme , mannase etc .	复合蛋白酶 , 糖尿酶 , 男性等 。
has destroyed argentina's 5 " the super colors " the attack airplane .	已经毁灭了阿根廷5 " 超级色彩 " 攻击空气 。
stress shelter of iesn was less than that of intramedullary interlocking nail .	应力抑制剂的应力抑郁剂量较少 , 抑制剂的抑郁剂 。
this furnace is used at the anshan iron and steel co . as demonstration furnace .	这个炉子在山铁和钢铁中使用 , 如示范炉 。
china's reform on the election system of presiding judge has been implemented for 5 years .	中国的电视制度改革已实现了5年 。
feel the body relax , feel the tenseness disappear , but do not fall asleep .	感觉身体重复 , 感觉十度失望 , 但不会睡觉 。
after about 6 months of silence , there have been some significant updates .	经过6个月后 , 已经有些很大的更新 。
they at once take up their nephews' cause , free them , and kill their guards .	他们一次在附近的原因中 , 自由他们 , 杀死他们的罪恶 。
quest , question , there is no coincidence that there is an etymological link between the two .	问题的问题 , 问题不存在 , 两者之间有一个典型的链接 。
the reason behind this is that it makes the products seem to have higher protein levels .	本后的原因是 , 制作产品似乎有更高的蛋白水平 。
azo is deposited by electronic beam evaporation on the k9 substrates .	阿兹奥被电子啤酒分配在k9个分子中 。
a polling station is where i vote and is listed on my elector information card .	我的电视台信息卡中的一个邮件站是我vote的地方 , 是在电视台上 。
pvc insulated and pvc sheathed fine steel wire armoured power cables .	pvvcul和pvvc薄薄薄薄薄薄薄薄薄薄薄薄薄薄薄薄薄薄薄薄板 。
the membrane technology has been widely used in the water treatment industry .	膜技术广泛应用于水处理工业 。
when the tank is filled , it will fill in all the gaps and pull the plastic tight .	当链接填充时 , 将填充所有的气体 , 然后把塑料放在塑料上 。
in the marmoset kitchen , peter prepares the monkeys' daily menu .	在马尔摩西厨房 , 彼得准备猴子的日子 。
gold apt to look for in the world , human world bosom friend difficult to seek .	黄金要寻找世界 , 人体友好的朋友 , 很难看到 。
the paper also describes descaling scheme , control conditions and cleaning results .	文章还叙述了描述方法、控制条件、清洁效果、清洁效果及清洁效果 。
my recommendation is to choose one of these activities , most days of the week .	我的建议是选择这些活动 , 大多数天 。
the theory of tidal friction is the concern of dynamic oceanography .	组织摩擦理论的理论是动态学的结论 。
the excited o_2 molecule oxidizes a free radical in the solvent .	解决o2分子在溶剂中的自由速度 。
jenna: an australian accused a chinese restaurant of cooking koalas .	杰森纳:澳大利亚访问中国餐馆 。
the homotopy operator of difference complex is an important result .	差异复杂的热点运行是一个重要的结果 。
well , if i had the option , i would really like to go to grad school for linguistics .	好吧 , 如果我有选择 , 我真的想要去学校 。
they found that individuals have reduced selfconcept clarity after a breakup .	他们发现 , 个人已经减少了自我衰退 。
tonight tis zhichunlu warm air of new insect sound through the green screens .	今天晚晚上 , 新墨西哥的新墨西哥风吹来了 。
the rotating slip ring is insulated from the shaft by a laminated plastic bushing .	通过激光塑料建筑的旋转形环 。
while arousing more , then such as mercury xian ground , the glory yi shoot ;	越来越多的时候 , 例如 , 绿色的鞋子 ;
preparation of manpower , funds and materials for rescue and disaster relief ;	制备经营者、基金和材料制备 ;
this painting is of no use to draw the shades of images of light distribution .	本画没有用来绘制光分布的形象 。
the candidates will received their test report forms with one month after they finished their test .	候选人将会接受他们的测试报告 , 经过一个月后他们完成的测试 。
when disturbed , the fish inflates itself and becomes globular in form .	当灾难的时候 , 鱼类在形式的时候 , 鱼类就变成全球 。
content schematics show concise pictures of what makes a data structure big .	内容化学显示 , 使得数据结构大 。
its nine points are numbered 100 through 900 for easy citation and reference .	它的九点是通过900个单位和参考 。
i'd love to stay later , but my mom would pitch a fit i'm not home by 10 .	我很喜欢在晚上 , 但我的妈妈将会在家里找到一个好处 。
and when you go there , the first thing you think is " oh my god , this place is amazing . "	当你去那儿 , 第一件事你认为是 " 哦 " 的 , 这位地方是一个maz " 。
she realised then that horrific sexual violence was taking place in every village round goma .	然后 , 她认识到 , 每个村庄罗马上每个村庄的性暴力 。
in time , maybe two weeks , you'll be ready for a sight and a target .	当时 , 可能两个星期 , 你会准备为光和目标 。
the character of dividing frequency of granite double fractal is discussed also .	同时 , 讨论了格兰双双框架的特点 。
pro: the report based on high resolution image component would be printed in high quality .	项目:基于高分辨图像组件的基于高分辨图像组件的高分辨图像组件 。
love does not consist in gazing at each other but looking forward together in the same direction .	爱不在每个方向中 , 爱不仅是在同样的方向上看起来 。
city is a big source of geo environmental polution and its victim as well .	城市是地球环境污染的大源源 , 以及其维生动物 。
so what should i do ? actually i lied , by the way , when i said the answer was over there .	所以我应该做什么 ? 实际上我在那儿 , 当我说答案是在那儿 。
we would quickly find out that our presentation was doomed before we ever set foot into the meeting .	我们将迅速找到我们的目标 , 在我们不要把足够的会议之前 , 我们就会迅速找到我们的目标 。
walnut creek is just outside oakland , loves apple products , and has great internet .	沃尔恩·克兰只是奥克兰 , 爱苹果产品 , 拥有很大的互联网 。
they tend to forage out into the gulf , where the oil is dominating the seascape , " he says .	他说: " 它们将来自枪中 , 石油在那里 , 石油被污染到海啸 , " 他说 。
this test is interesting because stringbuffers are optimized for performing fast appends .	这个测试有趣的是因为 , 实现快速的应用程序的优化 。
then you can you create helpful checklists or other articles as pdfs that people can download .	然后 , 您可以创建有帮助检查或其他文章 。
" if you wait for things to be perfect , you're going to wait a long time .	" 如果你等待东西 , 你就要等待一段时间 。 "
view the people who have access to the site you’ll be on the people . aspx page .	看看那些有访问网站的人们 , 就会在人们上看 。
your eyes show sternness , but more kindness and care . thank you for me feel important .	你的眼睛显示了西方 , 但更多的心理 , 谢谢谢你感觉很重要 。
in some cases , yes , but the inherent skepticism lives on , experts say .	专家说 , 有些情况下 , 是的 , 是的 , 是的 , 可是它的关键主义的关键主义 。
1967 suharto takes over from sukarno to become president of indonesia .	1967年 , 苏联人从苏卡诺来自苏联总统 。
not only can walking fish live out of water but they can also travel short distances over land .	不仅仅能走出水 , 但它们也可以在地上游行短距离 。
the boy dropped the apples he had stolen and cut away across the orchard .	男孩把苹果放下了苹果 , 把苹果放在标准上 。
as a new method , ree tracer technique has been widely used in soil erosion research .	作为一种新的方法 , 红外贸易技术广泛应用于土壤环境研究中 。
they also converted one species of bacterium into another through a “genome transplant” .	它们还将一个细菌转换为另一个 " 原子翻译器 " 的细菌 。
it compares well enough with my nikon 50mm f1 . 4 at max aperture .	它比较好地比较了我的nikon5monf1.4在maxxmxperperperpert.
reducing the date rate by onehalf will double the duration of each symbol interval .	减少一半的时间 , 减少每个象征间隔的时间 。
" then why are you crying ? " asks the bird . " you are making me wet ! "	" 为什么你哭 ? " 请问鸟 。 " 你是为什么 ? "
since then 16 years , the war stretches continuously , but are relatively small .	自从16年以来 , 战争战争战争战争战争的战争战争战争战争战争战斗 , 但相对较小 。
i'm actually a little bit sad because i really like michigan state university .	事实上我真是个小伙伴 , 因为我真的喜欢迈克州大学 。
the competition : “i watch all my competitors closely and with lots of respect .	竞争: " 我看着我的竞争者全部竞争力 , 很多尊重 。
but dobby had to come . dobby has to protect harry potter . to warn him .	然而 , 博比必须保护哈利后 , 告诉他 。
ben had it out with his roommate about coming back home so late and making a lot of noise .	贝恩在家里的房间里找出了很多声音 。
when the language in literature is artful , i would choose to read every word .	当文学的语言是艺术 , 我会选择每个字 。
and a lawless afghanistan could again become alqaeda’s base .	没有法律的阿富汗人可以再次成为阿尔塔的基地 。
also , all of my teammates were courteous , kind and available in the dressing room .	同时 , 所有的团队都是全面的 , 类型在衣服室里 。
we have to exclude certain causes , like suicide , in the case of life insurance .	我们必须探讨某些原因 , 例如 , 在生活保险的情况下 , 我们必须探讨某些原因 。
i love tuktuks , the motoring equivalent of putting your head in a blender .	我喜欢ttttkkkkkkk , 运动效果将你的头放在一个盲目中 。
you can make water roll off guo's metals by tilting them less than five degrees .	你可以让水滚出来的金属 。
maggie said , 'i know , but it's only a year and a half away from graduating .	马吉尼说: " 我知道 , 可是一年 , 只有一半的毕业 。 "
even when seeking only a casual liaison , do not go out dressed like an unmade bed .	即使在寻找只有一个平凡的狮子时 , 不要穿着一只独立的床 。
it arrived on plastic plates with the meat dropping off the bone by the handful .	它在塑料塑料板上 , 用手工把肉放下来 。
botos forage among flooded trees for fish , crabs , and turtles .	老板在食物的树上 , 鱼 , 鱼 , 鱼 , 鱼 , 鱼 , 鱼 。
boilers not replaced by 2030 would need to be modified to meet the new regulations .	在203030年 , 船员不需要修改到新规定 。
our lives will be filled with joy and hope and all the blessings god wants for us .	我们的生活将充满喜欢和希望 , 希望所有的神要求我们 。
last year we had 30 mayors from the chongqing area in my city of chattanooga .	去年 , 去年 , 去年我们已经有30个5月 。
after all , it doesn’t matter what you have access to if you can’t read it .	毕竟 , 如果你不能读它 。
they are selfconfident and have strong opinions on a variety of issues .	他们是自信的 , 具有很强的问题 。
designating who ihr contact points at the headquarters or the regional level ;	设计整个hr连接点 , 或区域水平 ;
i think we're in for a longer trend of either malaise or just a down channel .	我认为 , 我们是为了更长的趋势 , 或者只是一个下面的通道 。
but the effect is too unspecific and will rarely lead to clearance and seroconversion .	然而 , 效果不明显 , 将会导致清晰和第二转换的效果 。
needless to say it's a welcome drenching but it still isn't all that much fun .	不需要说它是一个欢迎的成果 , 但它仍然没有任何那么多 。
highback booster seat designed to fit a growing child up to 120 lbs .	高巴克博士设计了一个成长的孩子 , 为120个lbs 。
stone is a gogetter . he'll make an excellent student body president .	石尔是一项目标 , 他会做出很好的学生身体总统 。
the cause of corrosion and elimination method of 188 stainless steel are discussed .	讨论了1888无锈钢的腐蚀和污染原因 。
she says she's considering reopening once the residents are allowed to move back .	她说 , 她正在考虑到一次居民被允许搬回来 。
so dust off that old diary , or open up a word document , and try it .	所以 , 或开放一个词文档 , 然后尝试它 。
proper kgm concentration can keep sphere shape and meet constant release rate .	属性kgm浓度可以保持sppepepepepepepepe和会议相关率 。
this is a story about michael berrian , a homeless man from newark , new jersey .	这是一个关于迈克利亚的故事 , 来自纽约的家庭人 , 新泽西 。
and i will feed the flock of slaughter , even you , o poor of the flock .	甚至你 , 我会感到黑色 , 甚至你们 , 穷人 。
download the ps3 otheros installer from sony and save it as otheros . self .	下载了ps3的其他ssssssss3安装器 , 拯救它 。
a scan of 4337 other cases and 2077 controls yielded the same result .	一个437个例子和2077年的一项扫描 , 同样的结果表明 , 同样 。
for instance , if your boss is late for your meeting , then you have more time to prepare .	例如 , 如果你的老板迟到你的会议 , 那么你还有时间准备 。
the " she " serial works show the living condition of chinese women of different backgrounds .	" 她 " 系列工作展示了中国女性的生活条件 。
it mounts just behind your shower head , so you won’t even notice it’s there .	它只是在你们的头上 , 所以你甚至没有注意到它 。
if i could choose between his life and bill gate's life , it's a nobrainer .	如果我可以选择自己的生命之间 , 比尔盖茨的生活 , 这是一位诺布兰人 。
cable has good earthing and bending performance and high electric insulating performance .	电缆具有良好的地球 , 具有良好的地球性能 , 具有良好的地球性能 。
paradoxically , the principle of voluntary join caused a low attendance of farmers .	公园性上 , 志愿合作的原则 , 导致农民的农民更低的农民 。
the cross location is the uppermost location mode for the shipborne microwave oth radar .	交叉位置是船舶微波的最高位置模式 。
this indicates the general historical trend and this is what the people aspire , which nobody can defy .	这个意味着一般的历史趋势 , 这是人类的 , 没有人能失败的 。
i managed to persuade quite a few people to see me , and i must keep the appointments .	我经过几个人来说 , 很少人看见我 , 我必须保持这种情况 。
the control of hydrogen sulfide using biological fixedfilm filter is an economical and effective method .	使用生物固定滤波器的控制是一种经济和有效的方法 。
different strides of different personalities captured in fullbody shots while strolling in orchard road .	不同的个性性特征在全身鞋子上都有不同的角色 。
for the employees and between enterprises , the enterprises should be the staff after the first win win .	为了雇员和企业之间 , 企业应该是第一赢胜胜后 , 企业应该是企业的员工 。
then cics eci connection factory then supplies the connection properties for the cics server .	然后cicci连接厂 , 然后为cic服务器提供连接性能 。
bladesystem presents a hierarchical and interrelated infrastructure to the management console .	黑desystem在管理考虑中提出了一个层次和相关的基础设施 , 与管理构成相关的基础设施 。
qin territory for the late warring states , qin unified china after a county in the north .	中国在北部 , 秦军军军军队后 , 秦军军军军军军军队在北部的一座城市 。
virtualization gives cloud administrators the ability to handle more requests with fewer systems .	虚拟化给云管理器提供了云管理器的能力 , 使得更多的需要更多的需要更多的需要 。
the answer has got to be this is what the objection says the answer has got to be , obviously not .	答案已经得到了这个问题 , 答案说 , 答案已经得到了什么 , 很明显没有 。
methods the ink print of fingerprint and palmar patterns were obtained with informed consent .	方法采用信息组成的方法 , 得到了单纯印印刷印刷印刷印刷印刷印刷印刷印刷印刷印刷印刷印刷印刷印刷印刷印刷印刷印刷印刷印刷印刷
the flooding reignites one of the key debates over the construction of the three gorges dam .	洪水重新重新启发了三峡坝建设的关键债务之一 。
while ea quarter of adults would prefer to live into their 90s somewhat longer than expected .	虽然 , 结果的东西将会在他们的90岁的时候 , 但他们的90岁的时间比预期更长 。
for this reason , we continue to remain bearish on indian equities over the intermediateterm trend .	对于这个原因 , 我们继续继续继续继续继续在印度的印度的印度平等 。
distance two labeling ( or l—labeling ) is motivated by the channel assignment problem .	距离两层的距离 , 或l-l--l----l-labe " 是由通道信号问题的运动 。
bamboo fibre after thorough degreasing , take off sugar , to take off the protein processing .	竹纤维之后 , 加入糖 , 取得糖 , 将蛋白处理 。
sequence analysis showed that it contained the basic characteristic of primary structure of promoter .	序列分析显示 , 包含了促进的主要结构的基本特点 。
the synthesis of carbon nanotubes was conducted in a quartz tube furnace .	碳纳米管合成的合成是一个季度管道的管道 。
amethyst assists in learning the frequencies necessary for the transcendence of karma .	同时 , 学会助理学习频率的必要性 。
methods the model of alcoholic hepatic disorder was established by feeding alcohol liquor .	方法建立酒精肝障碍模型 。
it assures us a promising season of summer and also the most iportant havvest seasonautum .	假设我们是一个承诺的季节 , 还是最重要的夏天 , 还是最重要的季节 。
the chlorination equilibrium of cupric oxide has been investigated using the circulation method .	用循环计算方法研究了双氧化碳的氯化合物的氯化合物 。
honeypot skill is one of the active defense network security techniques .	蜜蜂的技巧是活跃的防御网络安全技术之一 。
extensible authentication protocol can support a lot of authentication mechanisms .	扩展可扩展性注意协议可以支持大量的医疗机制 。
they abused their power and bullied the people , thus arousing intense discontent among the masses .	他们吸引了他们的力量 , 因此 , 因此 , 使得他们在大量的数字中常常常常见 。
however , other file types , from psds to rtfs , are accepted and up and downloadable .	然而 , 其他文件类型 , 从pdsssdssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
qian xuesen is one of the greatest scientists who have made great contributions to the science cause .	天津xsen是最大的科学家之一 , 是科学原因之一 。
when ed finds out , sam agrees to help the fbi capture several key members of the cartel .	当德国发现 , smre同意帮助fbi捕获了几个关键成员的关键成员 。
he was shocked to find his 20yearold daughter wearing them after she returned home from studying in the us .	他被捕获了20岁的女儿 , 于是在美国的学习后 , 曾经发现他的20岁的女儿 。
lin came back to china in 1925 to work as principal of the beiping state vocational art school .	林恩回到1925年 , 1925年来 , 作为国务院的主要职业学校 。
resultsthe patients were followed up for 312 months . all cases obtained satisfactory results .	结果经过312个月 , 所有患者都得到了满意的满意度 。
then leaning over , paderewski reached down with his left hand and began filling in a bass part .	然后 , 帕德里斯基斯基斯坦和他的左手 , 开始在基地的基础上 , 开始填充 。
the former operator appends to the existing file , and the latter overwrites existing content .	前端操作者依赖于存在文件 , 后来 , 后来的编写内容 。
it can be obtained that quantity of the martensitic transformation reduces with the increase of these factors .	可得到 , 可获得标准变换的质量变化 , 减少这些因素的增加 。
then the king called in one hundred and eighty maids of honor and ordered sun wu to train them .	然后 , 王国王在一百五百年 , 八个男子 , 为了太阳去训练他们 。
fuk golden words below to apply the same process for " fu as the east china sea water " font .	ukkk金字将同样应用为 " uu " 作为中国海海海水 " 的过程 。
rosenberg told the brothers only that the target was a man who had been extorting and threatening him .	罗森森森伯格告诉哥伦伯格说 , 只有一位目标只是一个人被检查和威胁他 。
afternoon: the queen hosts an official wedding lunch for 650 guests at the palace .	下午:第一次 , 队列主持官员婚礼 , 为650名客人在宫内的650名客人 。
the real right means one right that the country and others shouldn't and have no capability to invade optionally .	真正意味着 , 国家和其他国家的权利 , 没有能力 , 无法避免选择 。
upon installation , brea will be the largest municipal user of solar power in orange county .	安装安装 , brea将成为普通县最大的太阳能电源的最大功能用户 。
as of tuesday , the volcano in iceland was still erupting , though the cloud was lower .	星期二 , 冰岛的火山仍然放弃 , 尽管云更低 。
helps to even out my skin tone , and hydrates the skin as i have very dry skin .	甚至 , 甚至还有帮助在我的皮肤上 , 让皮肤很干燥的皮肤 。
convective clouds had come to an end only when the road is sadly maek maek red dust storms .	通信云只有在路上 , 只有在路上 , 只有在路上 , 只有路上只有几个星期 , 红色的红色红色的红色红色红色红色的红色红色
sooner or later , the wave will come along and knock down what we have worked so hard to build up .	很快或后来 , 波浪将来到 , 然后 , 然后 , 小波就会开始了 。
a noble professional virtue is in accord with the fundamental interests of the party and the people .	根据党的基本利益和人民的基本利益和人民的基本利益 。
they could also encourage their employees to donate their time to a local entrepreneurs’ club .	他们也可以鼓励他们的雇员们的雇员 , 要求当地的代表企业的俱乐部 。
it means that the teams we are matching you against have average mmrs well under 1500 .	这意味着我们比赛的团队比赛 , 比赛团队在1500年下 , 比赛队的平均mr很好 。
street photographer four wonderful marketing ideas , marketing way to force invincible !	街道摄影师四个美妙的市场思想 , 市场的方式 , 开发方式 !
expert comment: this little filly will be the star in the short , symmetrical shape .	专家评论:这个小型的电子邮件将是短期的恒星 , 光学形状 。
the two women leaned upon the wroughtiron window rail in the shadow of the curtains .	两个女性在一定的阴影中 , 两个女性们把这两个女性放在一定的阴影中 。
indoctrination in education is the one of patterns of the great influence of education in west .	在教育中 , 教育是西方教育教育教育的重要模式之一 。
lewis . a mars rampant with life . a watercovered venus populated with floating , living islands .	法律 , 与生活中一样 , 水发现了水流 , 生活的岛屿 , 生活岛屿 。
and likewise also james and john , the sons of zebedee , who were partners with simon .	同样 , 约翰和约翰 , 儿子的儿子 , 是与imon合作的 。
kwan insisted on into the pioneer battalion , along with ellen pau kill children .	韩珊坚持在猪盆地上 , 和欧元的鸡蛋杀死儿童 。
he's getting barraged with new scripts every month from filmmakers across asia .	他在亚洲各个月里 , 每个月都有新脚本 。
they carried banners advocating religious freedom and sang “we shall overcome . ”	他们经过巴黎 , 承认宗教自由和王 " 应该超过收入 。 "
was he simply obeying a sort of instinctive impulse which was obscure even to himself ?	他很简单的观察了 , 即使他还是为了观察自己的工具 , 甚至是什么事实呢 ?
the piezoelectricity as the function material is extensive applied in automobile .	管道电力作为功能材料广泛应用于自动生物中 。
dobby is a free elf , and dobby has come to save harry potter and his friends !	狗by是自由的 , 狗狗已经来拯救哈利特和他的朋友 !
if encounter without , although fine but can be trapped large prey , tenacity and clinking .	如果没有 , 尽管没有 , 尽管没有 , 但可以大量的压力 , 强度和气候 。
we strolled through the old town and watched a very old house being demolished .	我们在老城里 , 看着一个很老的房子 , 看着很老的房子 。
the first thing you see when you walk in the door . our little friends are from anthropologie .	第一件事情 , 当你走进门时 , 我们的小朋友们都是从安罗斯博士的 。
and while some flareups need immediate attention , your involvement isn't always required .	尽管有些奴隶需要注意 , 你的投资不总是需要 。
price risk arises in nontrading portfolios , as well as in trading portfolios .	价格风险在非吸引机场所 , 以及在传统的运输机场 。
this kind of instrument has many features , such as high s/n , good equability and nondeliquescence .	这种仪器具有很多特点 , 例如高、高等、能力和非稳定性 。
this leads then to the account of the birth of moses , and his exposure to the nile river .	此后 , 这个领导导导致了摩西的生物 , 以及他对尼尔河的暴露 。
he hasnot claimed libya had weapons of mass destruction to be used against us .	他没有说明利比亚的利比亚已经武装的武器毁灭了我们的武器 。
subsequent investigations by japanese authorities confirmed the teacher had been taguchi .	后来 , 日本作者的研究发现 , 日本人员认为 , 老师已经被捕获了 。
you need a better productivity approach so you can collaborate with others on a common project .	你需要更好的产品能力 , 所以你可以与其他通用项目合作 。
the content is available for reuse in your new and existing solution information center projects .	内容可用于您的新型和存在的解决方案中心项目中心的内容 。
if you must have whale , cetacean biltong is more palatable than the fresh stuff .	如果你必须有什么样的话 , 太平洋生物比新鲜的树脂 。
right click control the knuckle angle , left click control the slewing and topping angle .	右击击击击击角 , 左击击击击击击 , 打击角度 。
yanzi went to the palace in a broken carriage pulled by thin and weak horses .	yananzzzi去了一辆布莱车上 , 用薄和弱的车辆 。
to promote local food culture , mining native dishes lay a good foundation for the essence .	为了促进当地食物文化 , 思想国家的文化 , 使得民族的民族民族民族的基础 , 为了促进本地食物文化奠定良好基础 。
the statistical breakdown property of a vacuum contact has been studied experimentally .	实验研究了汽车联系的统计性能 , 实验研究了汽车连接的统计性能 。
database resources can be accessed using both jdbc and recordlevel access .	数据库数据库资源可以通过jdbc和记录来访问 。
the background , objective , challenge , and main efforts toward the research of hpcs are presented here .	介绍了hpc的背景、目标、目标、挑战、挑战和主要的努力 。
we does the servant girl in the yard listen to your still listen to qiao jean ?	我们做了很好的女孩 , 听着你们仍然听到了qiaianjananan吗 ?
and also if some of are familiar with buddha's twelve deeds , buddha's life story .	同时 , 如果有些人熟悉 , 佛哈的话 , 佛哈的生命故事 。
now here's the good news we've discovered that your other leg doesn't need to be removed after all .	现在 , 这里的好消息我们发现 , 另一个腿不需要移除 。
objective to investigate the value of ct diagnosing intraluminal masses of small intestine .	目的探讨ct诊断的ct诊断价值 。
the doctrine of umberrimae fidei is a basic principle of marine insurance law .	数学思想的医生是海洋保险法的基本原则 。
frederick lam , executive director of the hong kong trade development council , hong kong .	弗里克湖姆 , 香港贸易发展机构的执行部长 , 香港 。
this , it appears , is the legacy i have received and have now bequeathed to my own child .	这是我已经得到了 , 现在我已经得到了 , 现在我已经得到了自己的孩子 。
the distant galaxy was detected using a phenomenon called gravitational lensing .	用 " 图形 " 来检测 , 用现象 " 来检测 , 被称为 " 图形 " 的距离 。
in this review , the study history and the definition of starburst galaxies are introduced first .	第一章介绍了静态气体的研究历史和定义 。
this paper discusses how to do novelty searches on line for a phd dissertation proposal .	本文讨论了如何对phd距离的方法进行探讨 , 提出了如何进行探讨 。
they also say they like the design flexibility they get by eliminating the spaceconsuming spare tyre .	他们还说 , 他们也喜欢设计灵活性 , 通过消除空间空间空间空间空间空间风格的设计灵活性 。
one of globalization's key features is the ability to handle multiple languages .	全球化的关键特点是处理多个语言的能力之一 。
you harshly scold your daughter for knocking the cup over . she breaks down in tears .	你很快把你的女儿放弃了杯子 , 把奶奶放在泪水中 。
editor's note: the original version of this story misstated dr . markel's name .	编辑器的注意:这个故事错误的原始版本 。 马克尔的名字 。
wooden materials in various tones and factures are used as the predominant materials in the design .	木材材料在各种工厂中使用的木材材材料 , 作为设计的初始材料 。
the money collected was used to build a statue of zeus at the entrance to the stadium .	金钱收集的钱被用来建立一个零零的阶段 。
he turns and scolds a group of local fighters lounging at a nearby roadblock .	他转变了一组当地的战斗者在附近的路线上 , 然后他转变了一组当地的战斗机 。
his roommate’s bed was tightly close to the window , while he could only lie in bed all day long .	他的房间们的床子在窗子上 , 只有一天才能住在床上 。
the paper describes the development and tests of model cjk 200 automatic suction and discharge changer .	阐述了cjjk200自动建设的发展和试验 , 阐述了cjjk200k自动建设的开发和测试 。
a lot of people also sit outdoors , enjoying the cool , breezy nighttime air .	很多人也坐在外面 , 享受了冷酷的夜晚空气 。
the curious feature of superstrings , however , is that they can only vibrate in 10 dimensions .	然而 , 这个奇怪的特点是 , 它们只能在10个尺寸中振动 。
i'm always confused when people rave about how much they " save " at warehouse club stores .	我总是在大约的时候 , 人们总是在战争俱乐部店的时候 , 人们总是失败了 。
bill coore graduated from wake forest university in 1968 and began working for pete dye .	1968年 , 英国大学毕业于1968年 , 英国大学毕业于1968年 , 开始为petetedy的工作 。
john menard and paul menard , father and son of menard's hardware superstores .	约翰·梅恩和帕伦·梅尔德·梅恩·梅恩·梅恩和帕尔德·梅伦·梅伦·梅尔·梅尔·梅尔·梅恩·梅恩·梅恩·梅尔德·梅恩·
the multistaged castle sieges and character progression are two of my favourite new additions .	多年级的猫猫猫和特色进步是我最喜欢的新地址 。
we started off with a cocktail at the hotel bar , the libertine and it knocked my socks off .	我们开始在酒店里 , 酒店里 , 酒店里 , 酒店里 , 酒店里 , 酒店里 , 酒店里 , 酒店里 , 吃了我的鸡蛋 。
western europe's 10% jobless rate is expected to hit 12% by mid1995 .	西欧洲的10%工作率预计在1995年中 , 西欧洲的10% 。
all of the following criteria must be met in order to have what is considered to be a durable model	所有所有所有的犯罪都必须遇到 , 为了考虑是一种可怕的模型的模型 。
and god will only prosper our study if we continually exercise ourselves to live by what we learn .	上帝只能在继续执行我们的研究 , 如果我们在学习的时候 , 才能让我们的学习 。
since 1984 , hiv infection in hong kong report has been accumulated to 4047 people .	自1984年1984年 , 香港报告的hiv感染已经被积累到4047人 。
and that research found individual brain cells that would respond to one accent — but not another .	这项研究发现 , 个体脑细胞会反应到一个中心的细胞 , 但不再是另一个中心 。
proverbs 19: 29 penalties are prepared for mockers , and beatings for the backs of fools .	支持19:29个宠物制备 , 为了运动员制备 , 并且对手工的背部 。
subsequently , directsequence and hybrid dsth were proposed to facilitate irma .	最后 , 提出了直接、直接和桥梁dssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssths
the nobel committee described the three physicists as " masters of light " .	诺贝尔委员会将三个物理学家描述为 " 光明 " 的最大物理学家 。
of course aside from those characters , alphanumerics are allowed and don't need to be encoded .	当然 , 除了这些特点之外 , 物理物理学也不允许 , 而且不需要编码 。
and if you start feeling frisky , and you have eight of ten seconds before work , you know where to find me .	如果你开始感觉基督 , 那么你在工作之前就有八秒 , 你知道在哪里找到我 。
but we all know , in fact , every time timer is less than 50ms in the mind is under the precision is very poor .	事实上 , 我们都知道 , 事实上 , 每次的时间都比50毫米 , 决定是非常贫穷的 。
the serum of immunized rabbits could suppress the hemolytic activity of tdh .	免疫辐射器的服务能抑制tdh的热活性 。
we have a very tightknit , super group of lads and i'm sure he'll enjoy his time here .	我们有一个很明显的 , 超级人员 , 我确信他会享受他的时间 。
sensors are also used on the starting platforms to monitor false starts and correct relay changeovers .	传感器还用于启动平台的启动平台来监测器启动和正确的启动器的启动平台 。
heat a pan and a little olive oil , add the langoustine rolls and gently brown .	热水和一小型橄榄油 , 添加了长度的玫瑰和绿色棕色 。
atb is widely used abroad , but seldom used at home . the study on atb has just started in our country .	广泛应用广泛 , 但在家里使用 , 研究在我们的国家开始 。
so they jazzed up the story with all of that " huff and puff and blow your house down " .	因此 , 他们把所有的故事放弃了 " 丈夫 " 的故事 , 并把你的房子放下了你的房子 。
ibm has more than 50 different programmes promoting worklife balance and bank of america over 30 .	ibm已经超过50多个不同程序 , 促进了美国的工作平衡和银行的银行 。
but there may be problems along the way , as the us and the traditional european powerbrokers have to give way .	然而 , 就像美国和传统的欧洲电力制造商必须给出的问题 。
brio reserves the right to modify this terms and conditions without any prior notice .	英国储备权利修改这个方式和条件 , 没有任何理论的注意 。
he heard the creak of greyback's boots as he crouched down in front of hermione .	他听到greyback的靴子 , 正如他在赫米尔的前面的前面 , 他听到了greback的头衔 。
musing , pondering , a breath , a briny tear , a dab of liquid or soil .	音乐 , 音乐 , 新鲜 , 新鲜的泪水 , 液体或土壤 。
the contributing plugin fulfills this contract by defining specific values through xml .	配合插件插件插件插件插件 , 通过xml定义了xml的xml 。
the government understood this as well as the parties ; the most insignificant bourgeois felt it .	政府理解 , 同时也是党 , 最有意义的地质危机使得它感到很有意义 。
among them , isochromosome imay be a characteristic of adenocarcinomas of the lung .	在它们中 , 是一种属于肺癌的特征 , 是肺癌的特征 。
you may opt for stones all of the same color , or add one or two offcolor stones for some punch .	你可能会为石油所有的颜色 , 或者添加一个或两分之一的石油 。
sure , i'd campaigned all over the country , for my husband and for other candidates .	确实 , 我在全国 , 为了我的丈夫和其他候选人 。
the protocols and standards for anycast are under the discussion , but have not reached a consensus .	协议和标准都在讨论之下 , 但并没有得到一个考虑 。
i would be interested to hear more — what values should we prioritize in assessing censorship ?	我会有兴趣听到更多的值得我们应该在评估的评估中应该有什么价值 ?
and this party has a better than even chance of retaking at least one house of congress this november .	这个党还有一个更好的机会 , 至少有一家会议的会议 。
for lan/wan connections , lower settings of audio frames per packet are recommended .	为了建议拉n/wan连接 , 建议以下的音频框架的低设置 。
the test results indicated that there were markedly effects of space flight , cultivar and storage time .	试验结果表明 , 空间灯、文化和存储时间的测试结果显示 , 具有明显的效果 , 具有明显的影响 。
these files , as we might call them , are both sweepingly inclusive and penetratingly minute .	这些文件 , 我们可能会称为它们 , 两者都是一般的 。
what sets the onion apart , however , is that mr obama has not blunted its barbs at all .	然而 , 奥巴马先生没有把它的bbbb在所有的bbbb上 。
all this is what it takes to do transactional business messaging , and this is what amqp delivers .	所有这些都是需要做交通业务消息的 , 这些是amqpde的sqqpde翻译的问题 。
the blood and sweat of the intersection , mud and fire passion , in a dripping color on .	血液和汗汗汗 , 肌肉和纤维疼痛 , 在滴滴颜色上 。
in 2010 , of spandex industry boom will continue to rise , union holdings will benefit .	2010年 , 西班牙工业博士将继续增长 , 联合国持续增长 , 联合国持有利于利益 。
the optimized rtl is then fed to the code generator , which produces target code .	最优化的rtl是通过代码代码代码代码 , 然后产生目标代码代码 。
troy dumais , an american olympian , finished third at 484 . 25 points .	俄罗马斯 , 美国奥运会 , 最终在484.25点 。
but in the case of weaver ants in africa , this description may be more than just a metaphor .	但在非洲 , 这种描述可能只是一个含义者 。
you can head for the outer remote islands in bahamas if you are looking for seclusion and romance .	如果你正在寻找和浪漫性 。
the risk detection rate in the middleaged group and the old group was higher than the young group .	风险检测率在中年年龄组中 , 老年组和老年组的风险检测率高于年轻组 。
the story in the advertisement in china is neither mild nor smooth , but has some false .	中国的广告故事在中国的广告中没有错误 , 却有些自由 。
whose is that ? ah , zuhair murad . it was the very first choice . i saw it on the rack .	谁是那么 ? 张哈先生 , 是最先选择 , 我看到它看到了它 。
all he can say is , this is his shirt . he holds out an arm so she can see the gaping sleeve .	所有他可以说 , 这是他的衬衫 , 他把胳膊放出胳膊 , 所以她可以看到一只胳膊 。
" ) i never felt winded , but still got that great " workout sore feeling " the next day .	" 我永远不觉得 , 但仍然有很大的 " 工作 " 的感觉 " , 第二天我不会感到 " 下一天 " 。
then he lay awake at night thinking of all the charming gallantries he might have employed ;	然后他在晚上 , 晚上 , 所有的军队想起来 , 他也许也许已经雇佣了 ;
with a little tweaking , and some helpful tips , swype can be better than what you're using .	随着一点点点 , 一些有帮助的组织 , 游泳能比你使用的更好 。
my journey from las vegas to iowa , at the time when i was young , childish and naive...	我的记者从拉斯加州到伊拉斯 , 到了时候 , 我是年轻、孩子和名叫...
i wish they called me that because it shows he has had success with the players he's brought in .	我希望他们告诉我 , 因为它显示他已经成功了他和球员们的球员的成功 。
one day , the heavens would part and a perfect , precious cherub would descend on a sunbeam .	一天 , 天气将部分和完美 , 先前的奶油将依赖太阳的太阳 。
it's called a blueprint , a blueprint for reform of our financial regulation .	这是为我们的财政规定改革的一个蓝印印印印印刷 , 是我们的财政规定的蓝色印刷 。
i have a truant here . " said constable johnny . " drive him straight to school . "	我有一个很重要的 , " 约翰尼说 , " 让他走到学校 。 "
the battle lines of the new world order were exposed at the world trade organization this week .	今天 , 新世界秩序的战斗线线已经在全球贸易组织上发表了 。
the nabe forecast appears to be in line with other u . s . economic signals .	北京预测显示 , 与其他美国经济签名 。
this article presents a model that can calculate milling forces in complex surface machining .	文章提出了一种模型 , 可以计算复杂的表面成形成的模型 。
the part of 3th discusses the role of the theory of comparative advantage for chinese foreign trade .	第三部分探讨了中国外贸易的理论的角色 。
all men's miseries derive from not being able to sit quietly in a room alone .	所有男人的错误都不能在房间坐在房间 。
fishing is my favourite sport . i often fish for hours without catching anything .	鱼是我最喜欢的体育 , 我经常吃鱼 , 不要喝什么东西 。
while kian had the luxury of retreating westwards , he remained committed to his iran .	尽管韩国已经有了解西方的奢华 , 他仍然承认他伊朗的伊朗 。
warlords built private gardens in chinese and west styles with literatus' help .	战争者建筑在中国和西方风格的建筑园林 , 与文学家的帮助 。
but the 32inch model we'd like to buy was temporarily out of stock . we had to wait .	但32英寸模型的32英寸模型 , 我们必须等待股票 , 我们必须等待 。
located in the west of the planned area , adjacent to the tourism zone and the downtown area .	位于植物区的西部地区 , 旅游区 , 旅游区和旅游区 。
write a docstring that explains everything someone would need to know in order to use this function .	写一个字符 , 解释所有的东西 , 要求使用这个函数来使用这个函数 。
and then people choose subconsciously , not consciously to ignore the research and go with her heart .	然后 , 人们选择了很严重的 , 没有意识地忽略研究和她的心脏 。
when rafik gindy graduated from high school , he knew he wanted to become an engineer .	高中时 , 他知道他想成为一项工程师 。
today i'll drill a little hole in the tooth for pusdrainage to stop the pain .	今天我将在太平洋上喝一小小小小小小小小小小小小的小小洞 。
that's setting emotion , efficient process , and the adams have to be selfdiscinplined .	这是设置情绪、有效的过程 , 游戏必须是自我解释的 。
when winter came , the grasshopper had nothing , but the ant complained of chest pains .	冬天冬天 , 灰色人没有什么时候 , 然而 , 蚂蚁也抱怨胸疼痛 。
if this emotional style applies to you , realize that lowering your standards will be a relief .	如果这个情感风格适用于你 , 那么低的标准将会是一个相关的 。
our schoolwide academic contest will be held this saturday , 12/11/04 .	我们的学校里的学校会在今天举行这项节目 , 12/1/1/04 。
we want peace , freedom and a stable environment for development , ” the ralliers chanted .	我们希望和平 , 自由和平衡和稳定的环境 , " 农民们向开发 。
mather gave his flock no fewer than four such dates , beginning with the year 1697 .	母亲给他的花费比如四个日期 , 开始和1697年的1697岁 。
government could contribute to the growth of economy , and it could holdback it meanwhile .	政府可以贡献到经济增长的增长 , 而且它可能会继续保持其意义 。
they think that there's some freudian answer to solvingthese problems , " said the asa's kline .	他们认为 , 有些自由的答案是解决问题的问题 , " 亚洲的ks说 。
''our research shows one potential reason why swearing developed and why it persists .	" 四 " 研究显示了一个潜在的原因 , 为什么开发和为什么它是否存在的 。
energyintensive industrial cluster ; circular economy ; coordinated development ;	能源工业集群 ; 循环经济 ; 协调发展 ;
cao xiu donned his armor and rode into the city with 1 , 000 men to stop the enemy .	曹晓向他的阿森纳和罗德进入了1 , 000名男子 , 停止敌人 。
this is the first time that stamps portraying chinese zodiac animals have been issued globally .	这是第一次 , 第一次是中国奥运会的动物动物已被授予全球的动物 。
the children use water wings to keep themselves up in the water while they are learning to swim .	孩子使用水翅膀保持他们在水中 , 同时他们正在学习游泳 。
to pave and break concrete foundation installing engineering to break other hard things .	为了保证和破坏混凝土基础 , 加密工程安装工程 。
allow the baby to touch the book , chew on it , and otherwise physically touch it .	允许孩子们在书上 , 检查书 , 否则其他的物理上 。
save time dramatically reduce the time you spend making print and contact sheet projects .	拯救时间 , 减少你花了印刷和接触表项目的时间 。
the little girl was fascinated by all the fish swimming in the aquarium tanks .	小女孩被所有鱼游泳的鱼类游泳 。
the third board to sights on the next spin , the spin attack and put shortbased .	第三条标准在下一速度上 , 速度攻击 , 然后把短距离放弃 。
objective:in order to demonstrate the etiological diagnosis of acute retinal necrosis .	目的:探讨急性继续神经诊断的临床诊断 。
despondently , the husband replied: 'i missed a new job opportunity .	沉默地说 , 丈夫解释: " 我错误了一项新的工作机会 。
he uttered the word indifferently , and as though his mind were on something else .	他的话确定是 , 尽管他的思想是在某些东西的东西 。
tutti executed a fabulous fake faint , swooning cartoonishly right to the floor .	切蒂执行了一个很棒的脂肪脂肪 , 把碳酸酯放到花朵上 。
" an internal sense of righteousness dwindles into an external concern for reputation "	" 内部性dwindindindindindle " 的内部性内部性dwindindwindindindle " 的内部内部感觉 。
the people of the philipines have a great leader and must be proud of him . mr pres . duterte !	菲律宾的人们有很大的领袖 , 必须是他 。 邓特先生 !
worldwide , $162 billion was spent in new cleantech investments in 2009 alone .	另外 , 2009年 , 世界上162亿美元的全球投资是在2009年的新一项新的清洁投资 。
anything “street” – funky clothes that are casual and sporty – works well .	任何东西 " 街 " -------------------------------------------------
it improves your dps , but the down side it , your images can't trigger any bashes .	改善你的dps , 然而下面 , 你的图像不能尝试任何时尚 。
the timeless colouring of the tanzanite crystal makes this piece ideal for everyday wear .	塔尼亚白色的无时间色彩 , 使得每天早期的理想 。
here , this is a more modern example with a little hash cafe next to it or something .	这里 , 这是一个更有现代的例子 , 还是一个小的例子 。
jesus was born that night , and he had to sleep in a manger6 because there was no bed for him .	耶稣生了那夜 , 还有他睡在男人6岁 , 因为他没有床床 。
leather spirit with a mountain to explain , at the same time the old leather also orders .	皮革精神与山脉解释 , 同时 , 老层层层层层也有秩序 。
if you can force your heart and nerve and sinew to serve your turn long after they are gone .	如果你能为你的心脏和神经 , 直到为你们的转变 , 直到他们的时候 , 你就能为你们的心脏和神经 。
from the app developers: the astro file manager helps you get the most out of your android smart phone .	从应用程序开发器中 , 要帮助您获得最多的和roidmaid智能手机 。
the location is directly opposite shinagawa jr station , and so was easy to find .	本地位直接是一项反对的 , 所以 , 很容易找到 。
m . castells , the urban question: a marxist approach , london , 1977 ;	卡比尔先生 , 城市问题:马克思思克 , 伦敦 , 1977年 , 伦敦 , 伦敦 , 1977年 ;
after that i kept thinking about why would someone be so unmannered instead of thinking about my games .	之后 , 我觉得为什么会有人想到自己的游戏的想法 。
we turned out all the cupboards and drawers and found things we hadn't seen for years .	我们把所有的杯子和抽屉放出来 , 发现我们没有看到几年的东西 。
all the things i cherished , how can they influence the people who are lying on the streets ?	所有的事情 , 如何他们能影响那些在街上的街道上 , 怎样的事情呢 ?
the nbs also announced the consumer price index for may was down 1 . 4 percent year on year .	nbs还宣布了消费者价格指数指数 , 今年也下跌1.4% 。
the movement of the waves , of winds , of the earth is ever in the same lasting harmony .	波浪的运动 , 风的时候 , 地球的运动也是同样的 。
as a working group , during the crisis , so as not to resign , notforwork , not to change jobs .	作为一个工作组 , 在危机中 , 因此不要重新回报 , 不要改变工作岗位 。
this paper summarizes the application of proteinase inhibitor in agriculture and clinic treatment .	本文总结了蛋白酶抑制剂在农业和临床治疗中的应用 。
they rehearse through diligent practice and preparation ; they remain disciplined and professional .	他们通过分级实践和准备 , 它们仍然依然是离婚和专业人员 。
since then , however , superstrings have proved a lot more complex than anyone expected .	然而 , 超级人已经证明了很多复杂的复杂性 。
push off on your back and come up right away ! you should be spinning your arms before you get to the flags .	把你的背上 , 回来了 ! 你应该把手臂放在你的手臂上 。
in addition , notetaking is more helpful in answering the general questions than the detailed ones .	此外 , 注意力更有助于回答一般问题的答案 , 比详细描述了一般问题 。
" it was a great save , " he added , of de gea's vital stop from robin van persie .	他补充道: " 这是很大的拯救 , " 他补充道 , 乔治亚的副本存储 。 "
the interbank bond market stock and trading volume accounted for about 90% of the total market .	国际银行债券市场股票和贸易货币收入大约90% 。
bin laden’s vow in the 1990’s to bankrupt the us has been partly achieved .	布林兰登在1990年代 , 布林兰登在美国的vinininininininlolololololossssinininininindlololololololoininininins
those giving other people of their patience and tolerance can win love and care as well as friendship of others .	那些给别人带来了他们的痛苦和耐心 , 还能赢得自己的朋友 。
they think in the next 25to 30years , robots and humans will be able to talk .	他们认为在下一个25年里 , 机器人和人类将能够谈话 。
financial scams are also a threat , with senior citizens often being targeted .	金融团队也是一个威胁 , 高级公民往往往往是目标的 。
later in the week , the kenyans waltzed off with gold medal in the steeplechase .	后来 , 在周末 , 肯尼亚人穿着金牌的金牌 。
jesus raised his friend lazarus from the dead . lazarus had been dead for four days .	耶稣从死去 , 拉扎斯已经死了四天 。
there are many rays of innovation between lines in the reprot of the sixteenth congress .	第六十年内 , 还有许多创新率 。
q: did the myanmar government give china any indication that it was about to move on the kokang area ?	问:我国政府给中国任何指示 , 这是否是为了移动卡书区吗 ?
third , learn english , study abroad , studies abroad , marry a foreigner .	第三 , 学习英语 , 学习外语 , 学习外语 , 结婚外国人 。
the bright meteor was spotted across the uk , leaving a vivid green trail .	照片记录在英国 , 留下一个维维维维绿铁路 。
nuon chea , in his early 80s , is the group's senior surviving member .	他早期80年来 , 在他的早期 , 是团队的高级顾问会员 。
we might tell him that what he really needs to do is just look deep within and be true to himself .	我们可能告诉他 , 他真的需要做什么事情 , 只是在他身上 , 真的是真正的 。
michael leechin crystal , royal ontario museum ; toronto , canada	迈克尔·莱尔·莱恩·莱恩·莱恩·莱恩·莱恩·莱恩·莱恩·莱恩斯 , 罗里亚 , 罗斯 。
however , in 1555 , her spiritual pilgrimage took a more serious turn .	然而 , 在1555555年 , 她的精神 pgri编写了一个更严重的曲线 。
now we discussed her fear of death and doubts about – yet yearning for – an afterlife .	现在我们讨论了她的死亡和疑问 , 然而我们还是为了一年的 。
thirty minutes later , she presented simran with a cd of her first recorded song .	第三十分钟后 , 她和她第一次记录的歌曲 。
so it was no wonder that strippy was so highstrung , lacking freedom and exercise .	因此 , 无论是如此高速 , 缺乏自由和锻炼 。
scenario 2: modeling cyclic behavior focuses on the modeling of iterative behaviors .	屏幕2:模型循环行为 , 重点关注迭代行为模型的模型 。
george romney , english portrait painter , died at kendal in cumbria .	乔治·罗米尼 , 英语葡萄牙画家 , 死于卡扎亚 。
i mean , we're losing our people skills because of the wonderful technology is there .	我意味着 , 我们失去了我们的技巧 , 因为我们的美妙的技术是因为我们的技巧 。
as we continue to improve , though , our techniques should become more and more transparent .	尽管我们继续改善 , 尽管我们的技术应该成为改善和更多的翻译 。
well , i got into bed again , and five minutes later there came a bang at the door .	好吧 , 我再次进入床上 , 五分钟后 , 后来到门上 。
the sense of ownership of a poem: ask vast earth , who advocate ups and downs ?	自己的感觉:要问大地球 , 谁能把大量地球放弃和下来呢 ?
bradley was able to witness his parents' marriage at christmastime that year .	bradleley可以在基督的婚姻中获得他的父母的婚姻 。
and the only difference between this and what's written conventionally is the way the constant is labeled .	本论文的唯一差异 , 写的是唯一的 , 写出的方式是不断的方式 。
he had learned from earlier writers , like ring lardner and sherwood anderson .	他从早些时候学到的作家 , 比如环球员和木木特和农民 。
small instruments are inserted through the incisions to remove the tissue and adhesions .	小工具通过决定移除组织和侵蚀 。
physical tests , health tests , all those kind of things , like screenings , you know .	物理测试 , 健康测试 , 所有这些事物 , 例如屏幕 , 你知道 。
q mr . president , tied in with the jobs situation i think is the education system .	qrm先生 , 与工作状态有关 , 我认为是教育系统的教育系统 。
our club invites a great deal of famous martial names as coaches and consultants .	我们的俱乐部邀请了一个著名的婚姻名字 , 作为教练和咨询师 。
pants with " juicy " written across the heinie . i'm gonna wear that ?	与 " 朱莉 " 写道 , 写道 , 我是上帝赢得的吗 ?
the chapter ended all too quickly ; war , fear and politics divided us again .	第二章结束了所有的旅游 , 战争 , 恐惧和政治部门 。
it could have been corrupted because a virus was inside of it so it was making foreign proteins .	这种病毒可能被腐败 , 因为病毒在外科蛋白中被腐败 , 所以它是为外科蛋白的 。
the ointment of montmorillonite oxide fit the nation standard and is safety to human .	摩托尼亚的奥林匹克思想是国家标准 , 是安全人类的 。
so i'm on the road a bit , and i hold meetings , sometimes at the client's place .	所以我在道路上 , 我希望会议 , 一些时候在客户端的地方 。
the author adds some new code to the basic kiva3v program and makes compilation of it .	作者添加了一些新的代码 , 为基本kiva3v程序的基本代码 , 使其组成部分 。
if i owned only walking shoes , i wouldn’t be able to wear skirts or dresses .	如果我自己只走了鞋子 , 我不能穿裙子或衣服 。
he obtained , however , the recognition and approbation of the congregation of albi .	然而 , 他已经得到了观察 , 认识和认识和评审 。
discuss the effectiveness of sexual abstinence programs in the fight against stds .	讨论了性抽象程序的有效性 。
have you ever found that the corners of the square things always damage easily ?	你有没有发现 , 平方的事物的角色是很容易损坏的 ?
i thought of the early polar explorers as i braced myself for the walk .	我认为早些时候 , 早些时候 , 就像我买了自己 。
nu wa felt sorrowful at all these happenings and decided to repair the sky .	美国walt在所有这些发生中 , 决定要重复天空 。
concurrent chemoradio therapy might be the mainstream approach of cervical cancer .	修复化学疗法可能是临床癌症的主要方法 。
family counselors remind parents not to take what a child says as the gospel truth .	家庭咨询员拒绝父母不要做什么孩子说 , 正如上帝的真理 。
net . py displays the energy level of any given pattern or node array .	网上 , py显示了任何给定模式或节点的能水平 。
usually , switching to the midgrade or premiumgrade gasoline will remove the knock .	通常 , 通常 , 转换到中级或预定的气体 , 将删除鼻子 。
but in future chips , cores’ bandwidth requirements could fluctuate wildly .	然而 , 在未来的芯片中 , 公司的宽带需求可以充分流动 。
in this project , we plan to design an audiovisual aid system based on the virtual acoustics .	在这个项目中 , 我们计划建立一个虚拟的虚拟的系统 。
rice , cotton and vegetable seeds are sometimes grown in special seedbeds .	大米 , 棉和蔬菜种子是特殊的种子 。
enjoying life takes time to appreciate the natural and cultural richness around us .	享受生活的时候 , 享受自然和文化风险的自然和文化风险 。
wakeboarding festivals and competitions have been held in singapore and hong kong .	波波boardtis和竞争已经在新加坡和香港举行了 。
the mother of one of the girls , ronnda zezula , welcomed the apology .	一个女孩的母亲 , 罗恩娜 , 欢迎了对话 。
the polish writer sought out gran , then in her late 80s , in paris in 2003 .	警方写了苏格兰 , 然后在2003年后 , 后来 , 在2003年的80年里 , 后来 , 警方写了 。
seventeen bike , with the wind , you wore she walked through the life of flowering splendid .	七十年 , 随着风吹 , 你觉得她穿过花朵的生命 。
where mr kirchner seemed to relish confrontation , she ran as a consensusbuilder .	凯恩先生看起来似乎是新鲜的内容 , 她是一家考虑建筑师 。
dioxins are highly poisonous to the cells of our bodies . don't freeze your .	迪oxins在我们的身体细胞中很高 , 不要免费你 。
but i need to deal with such issues in person . my source will not be based on this grapevine manner .	但我需要与这样的问题 , 我的资源不会依赖这种类型的机器人 。
" well , " said the child , " she went into the church with one man and came out with another ! "	" 好吧 , " 孩子说 , " 她和一个人一起走进教堂 , 来到另一个人 。 "
i can't do anything in america . i just don't want to have any stories written about me .	我不能在美国做任何事情 , 我只是不想做任何故事 。
here , in three installments , are overthetransom reports from people who have written in from china .	这里 , 在这里 , 三个安装 , 是从中国人写的报告中写的 。
in the case presented in this article , the documentliteral with unwrapped style is a fit .	在本文中 , 文档的文档中 , 文档特征是一个适合的 。
the swans rose again , hovered in a circle , awaiting the results of their labors .	同时 , 游泳旋转起来 , 希望在一个循环里 , 等待他们的劳动的结果 。
i wrote this one in the middle of recording and it really all happened by accident !	我写这是在记录中写的一个记录 , 真的所有的记录都是由事故发生的 !
kneed me in the chest and pounded my lower belly with their fists until i passed out .	把我绑在胸子里 , 把我的小熊带给我的小熊 , 直到我走出来 。
the same is true of major quest mobs – they all appear in instanced areas of the world .	同样 , 同样的是最主要的妈妈 , 它们都显示了世界各地的实例地区 。
mottaki said washington needs to " change its behavior " if it wants new relations with iran .	莫特里克说 , 华盛顿需要 " 改变它的行为 " 如果它希望与伊朗的关系 。
you could simply set width to 200 and height to 45 , and then accept the consequences .	你可以简单地设置wdth200 , 重量到45 , 然后接受这个概念 。
this is a table that can be used for working , entertaining and , well , just generally swooning over .	这是一种可以用于工作、娱乐和好的表面 , 通常只是开关 。
so when i move the circle it will act as a real axe . this image makes it more clear .	因此 , 当我移动循环的时候 , 这个图像使它更清晰 。
anticatholicism is very much strongly entrenched in the british sense of who they were .	抗争主义很强 , 是英国的英国感觉 , 他们是英国的英国人 。
astronomers have unveiled the most complete 3d map of the local universe ever created .	尼斯诺诺诺斯在当地宇宙创造的最完成3dmap的地方宇宙创造了 。
for any enquiries , please contact us at 2406 8050 or visit our website .	为了任何要求 , 请在240606年内 , 或访问我们网站的网站 。
it may not be as glitzy as the past one but could be better for average working men and woman .	过去 , 还不可能是glitzy作为过去的一位 , 但可以更好地为平均工作男人和女人 。
outbreaks in numerous other african countries are currently under investigation .	目前 , 大多数非洲国家的爆破破 , 目前 , 目前在调查 。
by 1920 , the rules mandating three hits per side and backrow attacks were instituted .	由于1920年 , 规则的规则管理了三个 , 然后攻击的攻击 。
you can only be blest and have peace and sweet rest , as you yield him your body and soul .	你只能只能成为和平和的一样 , 就像你把自己的身体和灵魂 。
in this paper , a decomposability theorem is presented and proved by differentiable manifolds theories .	本文提出了一种可分辨理论的可靠性理论 , 提出了一种可行性的解决理论 。
they toured the forbidden city , where the chinese emperors had once lived in lofty splendor .	他们旅游了城市 , 中国雇员们一次住在伦敦空间 。
many people on kauai believe that this is lemuria – a lost island in the atlantic .	很多人在kaai认为 , 这是莱米亚人 , 很多人都认为这是伊斯兰的岛屿 。
results: no toxicities , teratogenicity and mutagenicity were founded during the tests in above .	结果:在上述试验中 , 没有毒性、耐药性、耐药性、耐药性、耐药性、耐药性、耐药性和耐药性 。
instead of taking days to complete , the simulated process can run in mere seconds .	相反 , 完成一天 , 仿真过程可以在第二次运行 。
performance isn't linked to pay pay is really determined by market forces and budget .	性能并没有联系到付款的价格 , 由市场力量和预算而决定 。
" i want to keep going . at least for another decade or two , " he said with a smile .	他说: " 我希望继续去 。 " 至少要继续去 。 "
squatting by one of the walls , i took a little book from my knapsack .	由于一个墙之一 , 我把小书拿到了一个小书 。
abbr . wa , wash . a state of the northwest united states on the pacific ocean .	阿布斯 , 华尔 , 华盛 , 北美西北部的美国 。
rappaccini looked surprised . " what do you mean , my daughter ? " he asked .	他问道: " 你们是什么意思 , " 我的女儿吗 ? " 他问道 。 "
however , these i don't care , only to find the drinks here no sands tastiness just .	然而 , 这些不关心 , 只要找到饮料的饮料不仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅是沙漠的味道 。
bonera has a problem to the adductor and we hope to recover him and seedorf for next week .	骨折有一个问题 , 我们希望恢复他 , 下周 , 下周就有一个问题 。
if you smell me , smell the smell of thick come really makes people want to eat one .	如果你告诉我 , 叫t恤的名字 , 真是让人们想吃一点 。
when you are finished testing your new action , close the editor for helloapp . pli .	当你完成了测试你的新行动时 , 将编辑为hellopppppp.pli.pli 。
art requires you to spend some time with it , to contemplate and think , leave and return .	艺术要求你花些时间 , 为了确定和思想、思想和思想、水平和恢复 。
the nonlinear kinetic characters of landslip action are complex , exoteric and dissipated .	土地平面活动的非线性化特征是复杂的 , 外观和分散的 。
book value per share was $5 . 33 , up from $5 . 28 in the prior quarter .	本书价值为5.33美元 , 上涨5.28美元 。
what are the real barriers to effective implementation and how have some organizations been able to overcome these ?	真正的障碍是有效的实施 , 如何有些组织的组织是怎么能得到这些问题呢 ?
effects of broccoli with 1 mcp treatment and ma package during storage were studied .	研究了1cp处理与1ccp治疗和骨折的影响 。
jim can't move the mouth of his mask . he doesn't have enough muscle in his lips .	吉姆不能移动马克的母亲 , 他没有足够的肌肉 。
in the front of the shaoxing work received the letter , sister szabics with myriad heart .	前面 , 绍兴工作的前面 , 接受信 , 妹妹妹们和我的头脑 。
now , it turns out that that assumption , standardly built into the usual label , may be false .	现在 , 这个假设 , 通常建立在通常的劳动中 , 可能是自由的 。
based on this , g5 dynamic system measuring online of membrane thickness has been designed successfully .	基于这个基础上 , g5动态系统测量系统测量系统的基础上 , 设计了一套成功的成功 。
the project also sought to store the information so that it would be available for research and medical purposes .	项目还有足够的存储信息 , 所以它将为研究和医疗目标提供的研究和医疗目标 。
this paper putted forward countermeasure and suggestion through comparing domestic and foreign real estate finance .	提出了通过比较医学和外国房地产财政的建议和建议 , 提出了建议和建议 。
in this paper , the work is concerned with a class of fuzzy retarded integrodifferential equations .	本论文中 , 采用模糊分析的工作与模糊识别方程相关 , 结合了模糊识别方程的工作 。
floodwaters are still rising after this week's heavy downpours across parts of ohio .	食物水仍然在在这个星期之后 , 食物水仍然危险 。
this is that little extracritical voice in our heads , externalized and projected onto others ;	这是我们的头部的小声音 , 外部化和项目在外部化的外部化 ;
somatic nuclear transfer in mammalian has achieved many offspring during the development in the past a few years .	多年来 , 马马马里亚的核转移已经达到了几年的发展中 , 在过去几年的发展中 , 几年来 , 因此 , 数学核传输的核转移 。
in a sense the price of oil is playing the role that interest rates often play when an economy overheats .	在海洋油价格上 , 油价格的价格往往往往在经济上运动的时候 , 通常会有利率 。
tonnage of whiteflecked stone quarried in spain and finished in italy: 430 tons .	白色的石头在太空中 , 完成了它的意大利:430吨 。
all the above motivate people , but few bosses have the ability to truly inspire their employees .	所有人都在移动了 , 但是几个老板都有能力真正地把他们的雇员们的能力 。
fuzhou boland garments co . , ltd . is your most trusted supplier of apparel inventory .	福州博州波兰花园有限公司是您最为信任的供应商 。
and though we have no control over genetics , there are other contributing factors that cause cellulite you can control .	尽管我们没有控制遗传 , 还有其他的贡献因素 , 因此 , 你可以控制 。
so how do you create a personal brand ? cloth boy network point of view of the following points .	所以你如何创建一个个性品牌吗 ? 衣服男孩网络的网络点 。
chapter 53 is regional anesthesia superior to general anesthesia for hip surgery ?	第五章 , 第五章是地区合成者 , 总是对hips手术进行综合分析吗 ?
features 6 opening windows , a telescope and sextant as well as 3 deck lanterns !	特点6开窗户 , 一个电子窗户 , 还有3个缺点 , 后来3分钟 !
when i visited beijing , a student of mr . xia presented me with a photo of his teacher .	当我参观北京时 , 北京时 , 一个学生和他一名老师的照片给我 。
boseeinstein condensate is that a large number of identical particles occupy the same quantum state .	希腊蛋白含有大量的物质粒子 , 是同样的质量状态 。
the company says having two kinds of high definition dvds on the market has led to confusion with the buying public .	公司说 , 公司还有两种高定义dvddddddddddddds在市场上发挥了与购买公共的冲突 。
you said that they called out to our imaginations in a way that big budget films can no longer achieve .	你们说 , 这些大预算电影中称为我们的想象 , 大规模电影无法实现 。
bruce lindsey , clinton's close friend and special assistant for personnel , supported her .	克林顿的亲戚和特别援助人员 , 支持她 。
humans cannot hunt our kingdom as another fully conscious species without hunting yourselves ;	人类不能把我们的王国作为另一个全面意识的特殊 , 没有把自己的精神放弃自己 ;
the act of blipping refers to the act of linking to a song and attaching a 150 character comment to it .	购物的行为是指指链接到一个歌曲的行为 , 安装一个150个字符的150个字符评论 。
do not use in condition of pregnancy , epilepsy , cardiac , hypertension , braindamage .	不要使用前期、睡眠、心脏、高血压、血管、血管、血管、血压、血压、血压、血压、血压、血压、血压、脑压 。
the dynamical model of the system was developed , and the numerical results of the dynamical equations were obtained .	开发了系统的动态模型 , 得到了系统的动态方程的动态方程的动态模型 。
these will help you to progress improve technic , tone and of course embouchure , if done dilligently .	这些将帮助你进步改善技术 , 工具 , 当然 , 工具和课程员工 , 就会帮助你进一步进步 。
the formulation and evaluation of a 10w/30 qe/cc grade engine oil are presented in this article .	本文提出了一种10w/30/30q/ccccgde的形成和评价和评价 。
all of these artifacts require maintenance , have to be worked around , and scrapped if business needs change .	所有这些艺术活动都需要维护 , 必须在周围工作 , 然后把业务需要改变 , 如果业务需要改变 。
no questions . caldwellhad made a living riding the consoles of the union's capsule hotels .	没有问题 , 卡尔尔威尔德在美国的卡普尔酒店中 , 没有问题 。
a new thyristor mediumfrequency power supply startup circuit is introduced in this article .	介绍了一种新型的中频电源供应电路 , 介绍了一种新型的ythththriririsermesermesermesermefrequenfrequepp电源开发电路 。
dr . albert schweitzer's vocation led him to set up a medical clinic in africa .	阿尔伯特特特特特斯特·斯蒂兹的声音使他在非洲的医疗临床上设立医疗临床诊断 。
the cells were passaged by mechanical methods , frozen and thawed by general procedure .	通过机械方法 , 通过机械方法 , 弗洛芬 , 通过一般的过程中 , 经过一般的细胞被细胞传递到了 。
chapter four analyzes the influence of patronage on translation in the late qing dynasty .	第四章分析了晚清清清清清清代后期的病毒影响的影响 。
the evaporation step is followed by calcination to produce the desired nanosized structure .	通过计算步骤 , 通过计算步骤 , 通过计算步骤 , 提示了要求纳米的纳米化结构 。
common relaxation techniques include meditation , mindfulness , tai chi and yoga .	通常的重复技术包括适合、心理、心理、任务、台湾和瑜伽 。
that is a leapingoff point . you can also register a . mobi domain that is dedicated to mobile content .	这是一个失败的点 , 你也可以重新启用 。 移动内容的maininin , 可以把它放大到移动内容 。
the obtained cryptosystem modifies the class of mc public key cryptosystems .	观察了mc公共钥钥钥匙关键系统的信用系统 。
my home country is croatia . i was born in and raised in what used to be the former yugoslavia ,	我的家庭国家是克罗斯 , 我在家里 , 在那里 , 曾经在那里 , 曾经在那里 , 我的家庭里 , 我的家庭里 , 还有很大程度 。
the present invention relates to one kind of decalcomania paper for porcelain surface decoration and its usage .	本发明涉及了一种装饰纸 , 以及它的用途 。
in the second part , the litigation value and theory basis of discretional nonprosecution was discussed .	第二部分 , 讨论了讨论了离散非腐蚀的非腐蚀价值的研究价值和理论基础 。
an iodinebased contrast is injected into the bloodstream and watched as it travels around .	一种基于碘化合同的合同 , 被注入血液中 , 看到它在周围游行 。
if you want to get rid of your old computer , options include recycling , reselling , and donating .	如果你想获得你老的计算机 , 选项包括回收、回收、回收和捐赠 。
in this paper , the solutions of distributed index construction and distributed retrieval are also discoursed .	本论文还讨论了分布指标建设和分布的解决方案 , 探讨了分布指标建设的解决方案 。
because we had this kind of antiseptic separation between suffering and nonsuffering until we are the one suffering .	因此 , 我们有这样的抗抗分离 , 直到我们是一个难以置信的 。
the environmental resources have rareness , should consider the environmental cost in economic development .	环境资源有很少 , 应该考虑环境成本的环境成本 。
all major policy changes in china have been the result of a process of trial and error on a limited scale .	中国所有主要的政策改变是一项试验和错误在限制的过程中 , 所有的政策改变都是一项过程 。
he sent his sinless son to bear the full brunt of the penalty we deserved to suffer .	他送了他的无罪的儿子 , 为了让我们失去了全面的勇气 。
our teachers encouraged us to find as many ways as possible to work out this mathematics problem . 34 .	我们的教师鼓励我们在很多方面找到很多方法 , 就可以找到这个数学问题 , 34 。
so , when supply chains shriveled , entrepreneurial ohmori became a manufacturer .	因此 , 当供应链的时候 , 通用的资源氧化成为制造商的制造商 。
thangkas are usually rectangular in shape , and the square ones are reserved for mandalas .	感谢基斯通常是形状的 , 平方一直是管理的 。
be that as it may, the nerve poison does its business with man far more quickly than the blood poison .	正如此 , 神经毒可能会做它的商业比血液更快的比血液更快 。
the main sound box uses the edges and corners distinct rectangle design , the line succinct sprightly .	主要的声音盒使用gegege和snerners的主要声音盒 , 主要声音盒使用gegegeget和snerner的设计 , 线路成功地接受 。
webapp . net use xml to allow multipart asynchronous rendering and contnt update .	webapp.nbapp.nbapp.nbapp.nbapp.nml使用xml来允许多层次回收和更新 。
from time to time , " peeping " gloomy alley came from the missing job workers of drinking voice .	从时间到时 , " 彼得 " 全球合作 " 的合作伙伴来自梦想工作人员的工作人员 。
patricia neal raised money for children and adults who had suffered brain injuries .	帕特利亚尼亚尼亚尼亚尼亚尼尔尼亚的儿童和成年人受到伤害的伤害 。
kiting – an inexperienced player will attempt to follow a mechapede with their vehicles .	厨房---一个经验的球员会试图跟随他们的车辆的车辆 。
timmy: but i'm 1 ) allergic to cats . keeping a cat wouldn't be fun for me .	妈妈:但我是我是1 ) 所有的猫 , 保持猫不会对我来说 。
define templates—the rules architect defines artifacts and templates using the brm tool .	定义模板--------规则建筑师定义了工具和模板使用模板工具的工具 。
bush will more than likely wait until this month , when his secondterm officially starts , to make a move .	布什将超过几个月 , 直到这次月 , 直到他第二次官员开始 , 为了使得一个移动 。
for example , you can combine one feed from bugzilla and another feed from the source control management systems .	例如 , 您可以结合一个由bugzillilla和另一个来自源控制管理系统组合 , 另一个由于source控制管理系统组合 。
kolli says the drought in the horn of africa came as no surprise to meteorologists .	kolli说 , 非洲的梦想是没有惊讶的 , 没有奇怪的成熟物质学家 。
because the fire mechanism of a small cluster tear bomb is complex , there is not a set of sophisticated theories .	由于小型集群板的火灾机制是复杂的 , 没有一系列的理论 。
multicore and gpu based systems are here and harnessing that power is hard with todays programming models .	基于mulore和gpu系统的多元和gpu系统是基于这里的 , 对于今天的程序模式来说是很难的 。
after treatment with shen fu tang , some patients's symptoms have improved evidently .	在治疗后 , 有些患者的症状改善后 , 患者的症状已经改善 。
you're too much for me , ennis , you son of a whoreson bitch . i wish i knew how to quit you .	你很多为我 , 你儿子的儿子 , 我希望我知道怎么问你 。
in addition , there is a 1015 page final term paper based on a topic of the student's choice .	另外 , 还有一个1015页的最后一篇文章 , 基于学生选择的主题 。
mary eventually left maimi , obtained a good education , and fostered her natural music ability .	玛丽最终离开了一个好教育 , 得到了她的自然音乐能力 。
anger can cause you to blame others for your problems and you may feel like getting revenge on those that have mistreated you .	愤怒可以引起你的问题 , 你可能会感觉到自己的问题 , 你可能会感觉到像那些错误你 。
the judge previously has said he might approve the contracts even over katherine jackson's objection .	法官最初说 , 即使他可能在凯瑟瑟逊的合同中得到了合同 , 即使他可能会在凯特纳逊的对象 。
we have two major categories of products , one is file centric apps and another is database centric apps .	我们有两个主要的产品 , 一个是文件中心应用和另一个数据库中心的中心应用程序 。
teachers often told me to see the patient after the talk saying that a lot of reason all i have been heeded .	教师往往往告诉我 , 讲话后 , 说过很多原因 , 我曾经曾经曾经说过 , 教师常常告诉我 。
and then there's that second , threefootlong horn on the woolly rhino: it was wide and flat .	然后 , 第二 , 三分之三 , 三分之后 , 三分之后 , 三 。
yet i would rather see a young person pray prayers from the heart than the most eloquent rote prayer .	然而我愿意看到一位年轻人祈祷者的祈祷者 , 比最平等的玫瑰祈祷者 。
“it’s an arcane means of communication , which for the most part should be abolished , ” she told me .	她告诉我说: " 这是一个阿纳纳斯通信的意义 , 对于最应该解决的部分 , " 她告诉我 。
i am happy to see her play much better in hong kong ; i think she will not disappoint in the final round .	我幸福看到她的玩耍更好 , 我认为她不会在最后一轮上失败 。
" being plucked from obscurity is a bit like , you know , going on a long journey , " boyle said .	男孩说: " 来自客观 , 你知道 , 你知道 , 长期记者 , " 男孩们说 。 "
'the obvious advantage of using your hands is that you always have them with you , ' says sian porter .	" 很明显的优势是 , 你总是要与你一起 , " 亚洲运动员说 。
he said , during a drinking session in pub , one of his staffs joked that they should put vitamin in their undies .	他说 , 在酒店里 , 一个人员在酒店里 , 一个人员们应该在他们的基金上放弃维生素 。
on the other hand , your weight loss is in fact a continuous function , so each piece of data should be attached .	另外 , 你的重损失实际上 , 因此每个数据应该安装 。
no problem is permanent . storms always give way to the sun . winter always thaws into springtime .	没有问题是永久的 , 暴力总是给太阳 , 冬天总是会变成春季 。
the stamps depict the actress as holly golightly in the film breakfast at tiffany's .	星期间 , 星期间 , 星期待在台湾的电影破坏 。
my wife went through my phone and uhm , may be calling you . so if you can , please take your name off that .	我的妻子经过我的手机和uhm , 可能会叫你 。 所以如果你可以 , 请把你的名字放在那里 。
right . this is the brochure for mexico , yucatan is at the back , and this is the brochure for guatemala .	这是墨西哥的机会 , 教育人员正在回来 , 这是指南马拉的机会 。
our identity is tied to the value that we bring into the world and historically that value means our profession .	我们的事实是在于我们带来了世界的价值和历史上 , 价值意味着我们的专业的价值 。
functionally , pump station are either gathering stations or trunk line stations , and in some cases both .	功能的是 , 泵站是为了加入稳定或连接线路稳定的 , 以及在某些情况下 , 泵站也是否有效的 。
experiment boldly . rip off the greats , and the goods as well . mimick and make it your own . try and err .	实验瓶子 , 高兴 , 好 , 好 , 米米克 , 让它自己的 。 试着 。
compared the two methods , the results of power characteristic number method are better than that of shearing force decomposition method .	比较两种方法比较 , 两种方法的功能特征数字数值比较 , 比较了测试方法的比较 。
m: well , i would not try to feed those little critters if i were you , they bite and can carry diseases .	好吧 , 我不会试图把这些小小的信用 , 如果我是你 , 它们的白色 , 它们的白色和健康疾病 。
researches on pure shear behaviors of dd3 single crystal are experimentally carried out for the first time .	研究了ddd3晶单晶单晶的pdd-par行为的研究 , 实验了第一次实验 。
under a series of the decoration of the clever and witty , commandos firefight , outwit the armory .	在一系列清洁和风格的装饰下 , 命令命令火灾 , 出现军队 。
you'll see two councilmen , a union official , a couple of offduty cops , and a judge .	你会看到两个国家 , 一个官员 , 一个官员 , 一个官员 , 一个官员 , 两个官员 , 两个官员 。
avoid alcohol and aspirin while using methotrexate and misoprostol for a medical abortion .	避免酒精和胆固醇 , 避免医疗吸收和微生物 。
thirdly , commercial banks should speed up disposing of nonperforming loan by various means .	第三 , 商业银行应该在各种非平台贷款的非平台贷款的情况下 , 商业银行应该迅速增长非平台贷款 。
which brings us to my final piece of advice ; don’t try to extract from what doesn’t exist .	为了让我们带来最终的建议 , 不要从做什么不存在的事情来吸引我们的事情 。
talking about the fast charge of accumulator for the mine explosionproof electric locomotive ;	关于矿井开发器的快速挑战 , 探讨了矿井开发电机的最佳挑战 ;
some cities are studying the halfway measure of banning them from bicycle lanes while permitting them on streets .	一些城市正在研究自行车的半路措施 , 同时 , 有些城市正在探讨了他们在街上的街道上进行自行车 。
li founded dayang in september 1979 with 85 employees , according to its web site .	据它网站的网站的网站 , 李兴在1979年成立于1979年成立了85名员工 。
in this network the regional concept is limitlessly extended on informationization express highway .	在这个网络中 , 区域概念不仅仅仅限于信息化表达高速 。
i suggest we go to xxxx factory tomorrow morning , and go back to hangzhou from there , is that ok ?	我建议我们今天早上 , 今天早上上 , 回到了杭州 , 这是好吗 ?
we should learn how to face failure or misfortune bravely and generously and to try to deal with it .	我们应该学习如何会面临失败或错误 , 通常是怎样的 , 试图与它的关系 。
that means big birds have to evolve different molting patterns to deal with their slowpoke feathers .	这意味着 , 大鸟必须进化不同的动作模式 , 与它们的小型的小鸟类 。
table iii: solubility of the drugs , polymer and filler used in the study , in water and alcohol .	表ii:药物、聚合剂、聚合剂、水和酒精中溶剂、溶剂、溶剂和填充剂 。
" so , when it comes time for dinner , " he says , " pasta sauce without added sugar tastes bland .	" 因此 , 当它来到晚餐时 , " 他说 , " 帕塔安安安娜萨尔说道: " 当它来临时 , " 他说 , " 巴萨没有添加苏格兰的苏格兰 。
china hp also hosts another important it event each year aimed for endusers called hp electronic world .	中国hp也保持另一个重要意义 , 每年都是为了使得最终的目标称为hpp电子世界召唤hpp电子世界 。
he knew that xinjian was considered inferior and that a better school might help her find a better life .	他知道 , 新疆被考虑到了 , 更好的学校可能会帮助她找到更好的生活 。
this example is an ifthen rule ; therefore , you would see the if condition and its corresponding action .	例如 , 这个例子是一项规则 , 因此 , 你会看到条件和其正确的行为 。
they introduced bittorrent support ; browser gestures ; a nice mobile version . . .	他们介绍了电梯支持 ; 浏览器基本 ; 一个nice的移动版本 。
in such situations , the endpoint address used at development time is simply a placeholder , and is rarely used .	在这样的情况下 , 开发时间内 , 最终的地址仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅是一个地方 , 而且很少使用 。
impressed with her abilities , vozda offered fiolla a job in corporate sector law enforcement .	印象与她的能力 , vozda提供了一项工具 , 为公司的管理法律实践提供了一项工作 。
pincer and shock trooper ships were falling out of the sky like ducks on a bad day at the marsh .	海军队和攻击军队队军队队队队在马什举行的星期间 , 比如在星球上 , 星球队的星球队和黑军队队队队队 。
objective: to analyse the effects of intertrochanteric fracture with dhs internal fixation in 60 cases .	目的:对60例内固定60例患者内部固定的影响进行了分析 。
the measurement of vector voltage can be got from the discrete sequential data of a sampled singal .	矢量电压测量的测量测量测量方法可以得到的距离序列数据的测量 。
lillian:what if i tell her in a very nice way and bring her a sandwich to make her happy ?	李家:如果我告诉她很好的方法 , 如果我告诉她的话 , 带着她的沙滩 , 让她幸福吗 ?
the rockery , or peak , or shore , or mound or point to the role of the park in a certain extent .	岩石 , 或石油 , 或石油 , 或者是在一定程度上 , 或者点点点点点点点点点在一定程度上 。
you may want to say , " what do you mean by 'the self is vast' isn't that just spiritual claptrap ? "	你可能希望说 , " 自己的意思是什么 , 你是什么意味着 " 自我 " 的 。 "
nasolabial angle only reflected change of upper lip , but could not reflect characters of facial profile .	纳拉伯特的角度仅反映了上层列表的变化 , 但不能反映其特征 。
mavs coach rick carlisle said: " i'm so happy for him . i'm so happy for dirk . "	马夫教练卡利说: " 我很幸福 , 因此我很幸福 。 " 我很幸福 。 "
a new orders subindex fell slightly to 52 . 5 in october from 52 . 8 in september .	新订单指数下降至52.5% , 10月52.8日 , 新订单指数下降至52.5% 。
ibm filed an application for his green card for permanent residence in 2004 , and he has yet to receive it .	伊布姆在2004年 , 格林卡领导了一项应用程序 , 并且他仍然接受了它 。
3 coal mine , the article puts forward an automatic control system of mine pump house based on plc .	第三条煤矿 , 提出了一种基于plc的自动控制系统的自动控制系统的自动控制系统 。
in those early days it moved men , it opened prison doors and made missionaries out of members .	早些时候 , 早些时候 , 打开了儿子门 , 制造了错误 。
conversely , using ctrl+c and ctrl+v to build new implementations takes only seconds .	结论 , 使用ctrl+和ctrl++vv+vv来建立新的实施只需要第二次 。
the release of seawater from the rock will raise sea levels over time , but not by much , says schrag .	克拉格说 , 来自岩石的释放将会使海底层次升高 , 但并不受到很多 , 可是基斯拉格说 , 伊拉格说 。
anyone diving from it to the pool would have to make an almost perfect dive or be splattered on the rocks .	任何人死在池塘里 , 将会有几乎完美的直接或更好的地方 。
the serum was transported from anchorage to nenana by train where the first musher picked up the serum .	服务器是从机场运输到尼纳纳纳纳纳纳纳纳纳的 , 首先先必须把车辆放在车辆上 。
and love happens to people of all ages , because one's internal life changes , as well as one's opportunities .	爱情在所有年龄中 , 因为一位内部生活改变 , 以及一个人的机会 。
the chief suspect in the attack was al shabaab , a u . s . designated terrorist group that u .	在攻击中 , 美国设计恐怖主义者团队的首席嫌疑是阿尔巴巴巴巴巴巴巴巴巴拉 , 美国设计的恐怖主义团队 。
for you this year , cheers for you today , tomorrow for your blessing: appearance and youth beautiful mood !	今天 , 今天你今天 , 老师今天 , 今天 , 为你们的祝贺和青年 !
the reason we say nondual though is because anytime you think of one , it’s always in reference to many .	原因我们说不平凡的思想是因为你认为 , 这总是是在参考许多方面 , 总是是是很多 。
this year , he's getting 30 percent of his baskets off dunks , and only 68 percent are assisted .	今年 , 今年 , 他已经获得了30%的篮篮球 , 只有68%的68% , 只有68%的投资率 。
equipment is also much more basic , involves fewer slots , and is all handled on a 3d paperdoll .	设备还有很多基本 , 涉及少 , 所有在3ddoll上都有3ddoll 。
fig2 . the ring only shows up in meetings with vip clients to label its owner married and reliable...	图2 , 只有用vip客户端的环境 , 只有在会议上展示了自己的客户端婚姻和可靠性...
gas prices alone surged 3 . 3% in april , and are up 33 . 1% over the past year .	气体价格上涨3.3% , 去年上涨33.1% , 去年上涨33.1% 。
obama stood and walked over to make small talk with pool reporters as roberts donned his black robe .	奥巴马停止 , 走过小谈话 , 跟罗伯伯伯特的报道称 , 奥巴马停下来 。
situated at the beautiful and fertile town—ruian , which is " the motorcycle of china " .	坐在美丽的城市 , 是 " 中国 " 的摩托尼亚 " 的机会 " 。
strongly appeal on the change in the role of primary school teachers in curriculum innovation .	强烈应用在课程创新的角色上 , 在课程教师的角色上 , 学校教师在课程创新中 。
the slope mine under the town was slowly filled with salt brine making the surface subside .	在城镇下 , 屋顶上 , 用盐混合物 , 用盐混合物来填充表面物 。
ingredients :wheat germ oil , chamomile , lavender , orange blossom , rose .	护理::威尔米油 , 半油 , 乳液 , 橙色衣服 , 玫瑰 , 玫瑰 。
look at my feet , grandma frozen stiff decided to make a pair of cloth padded boots .	看看我的脚子 , 格罗斯·弗罗斯特·弗罗斯特·弗里斯特·弗里斯特·弗里斯特·弗里斯特·弗里斯特·弗里斯特·弗罗斯特·斯
it jumped up and down disrespectfully , mocking the hunting soldiers . it threw a nut at them .	这使得很不错 , 把前士兵打起来 , 把它放在他们的手臂上 。
of course you are bronbron , you're 19 years old . you haven't reached your prime yet .	当然 , 你是布伦敦 , 你是19岁的 , 老了 , 你不要去达到你的主义 。
the methods of how to use additive reasonably and improve the quality of cathode coppers are discussed .	讨论了如何利用多元的方法 , 可靠性 , 提高了储备铜的质量 。
the machine is a set of sharpening and polishing highprecision dualfunction in one of the sharpener .	机器是一种形状和高精度双重功能的组成部分 。
one thing absolute monarchs don't want is they don't want impediments to their personal rule .	一件事情不想要是他们不想要实现自己的个性规则 。
lapd swat is very highly regarded as probably the best urban swat team in the country .	拉普汗很高 , 很可能是全国最好的城市游泳团队的最佳城市游泳团队 。
room 905 , jinli mansion , no . 115 beizhan road , shenhe district , shenyang .	房间905 , 金林经理 , 没有1115名北山路 , 沈阳区 , 沈阳 。
our girls never second guess themselves and they don’t talk themselves out of anything .	我们的女孩从来没有第二个猜测自己 , 他们不要谈论自己的事情 。
methods:the serological results of measles uncertain patients of 2006 in tangshan were analyzed .	方法:回顾:分析了2006年不确定患者的病理学成果 。
trash , wooden pallets and any other flammable material must be removed from areas of hot work .	铁路 , 木木板和其他可靠的材料必须从热工程中删除 。
does the existence of this informal relationship give you the right to stretch the rules of the work environment ?	这个信息关系的存在存在 , 让你对工作环境的规则的存在 ?
third , cover your tactics , psychological tactics is to protect the manipulation tool .	第三 , 覆盖你的任务 , 心理任务是保护管理工具的管理工具 。
in the third part of my paper i mainly elaborate the theory of ecosocialism and the commence on it .	第三部分 , 我主要以生态主义理论为主义、生态主义理论为基础 , 并对它的沟通进行了探讨 。
in this paper , the audio file stored format and the method of restoration the audio waveform are analysed .	文章分析了音频文件存储格式和回收音波形的方法 。
the material can be scorched rubber , flash overflow and unacceptable vulcanized product .	材料可以被分为橡胶 , 玻璃流量 , 无法可扩展vvvc化产品 。
many a whale catties battle scars that were left by a squid's fierce struggles .	许多鲸鱼的小猫 , 它们被安静的火箭放弃了一个安静的火箭 。
property damage was estimated to be between $81 and $108 billion , according to noaa .	据北aa报道 , 财产损害估计在81美元之间 , 108亿美元之间 。
if it’s a business trip , i am clearly going to bring mostly business casual items .	如果它是一个商业的经验 , 我很清楚要带来大多数商务的话 , 大多数商务的项目 。
at last , literature were unscrambled , arranged , summarized and analyzed earnestly .	最后 , 文学并未成熟 , 总结 , 总结分析和分析了早期的早期 。
it hasn't been reported that the coelomic fluid of earthworm shows nuclease activity .	据报道 , 地球worm的燃料流动并没有报道 , 地球worm的燃料流动也没有报道 。
to achieve this in the above example , you use a regular expression to perform the replacement .	为了实现这个例子 , 您使用一个规则的表达表达式来执行代表 。
this paper has described the application of remote sensing technology in environmental monitoring .	本文介绍了在环境监测中的应用 。
simulation ceramics ashes , straight safety mini crystal ceramics glass ;	模拟陶瓷陶瓷陶瓷陶瓷陶瓷陶瓷陶瓷陶瓷陶瓷陶瓷陶瓷陶瓷陶瓷陶瓷陶瓷陶瓷陶瓷陶瓷陶瓷陶瓷陶瓷陶瓷陶瓷陶瓷 ;
they take themselves seriously the appearance of other in part , with be concerned about facesaving about .	他们很严肃地把他们带来了其他部分的表现出来 , 还有关于面对面对面的面对 。
the allergopharma allergic abstraction was used to detect the allergens with the skin prick test .	用来检测皮肤的皮肤蛋糕检测 。
image: coral bleaching in australia’s great barrier reef/matt kiefer , flickr	图像:澳大利亚大利亚大利亚大巴黎大利亚大巴黎大巴黎大利的大巴黎大巴黎的大巴黎人士 , 弗里克斯 , 弗里克斯 。
for a quick , authentic meal , try the snack stalls down one of the side streets .	对于一个快速 , 医学金属 , 试着nasckckckssssscack站在一边的街道上 。
a father , who is working hardly as an ironsmith , brings up his son under the hardship of living .	一位父亲 , 很难工作 , 是一名铁路史密斯 , 带着他的儿子在生活中带来了他的儿子 。
in the first chapter of the paper , a review of qsar and docking methods , progress and applications is presented .	第一章 , 提出了一种基于sssssssarar和ckckck方法、进展和应用程序的综述 。
the research development in catalysts for syndiotactic polymerization of styrene is reviewed .	综述了styrenene的研究进展 , 综述了styrenene的研究进展 。
have you attended a hospital to receive medical treatment or been hospitalised in the past two years ?	你曾经参加医疗治疗 , 还是在过去两年的医疗治疗 ?
abdominal tenderness is noted , and pelvic examination reveals cervical motion tenderness .	腹腔固定性被注意 , 心理检查显示 , 心理检查显示了临床运动趋势 。
cats and snakes are traditionally cooked together , given the name " dragon tiger fight " .	猫和蛇蛇在一起 , 把名字叫 " 龙虎战斗 " 战斗 " 的名字叫做 " 。
the id is also refereed to the pleasure principle , which also represents selfgratification .	ids还指定了plepleppplepppppple原则 , 同时也代表了自我识别 。
banks are not lining up to lend money on their own for construction of the newest generation of indian points .	银行并不住在他们自己的建设中 , 为印度最新一代印度点建设的最新一代 。
this system can utilize the transmission bandwidth more efficiently and achieve frequency diversity .	本系统可以利用传输带宽更有效地利用传输带宽宽度 , 实现频率差异 。
eventually it puts forward the focus of studying vbased solid solution type hydrogen stora...	最后 , 提出了基于vssssvs的基础解决方案 , 最后提出了基于vsv的基于vsvsssvs的解决方案 。
and the largest source of funds is the sales back to subsection , and has been carried out according to plan .	根据计划 , 最大的基金资金是销售的最大的资金 。
activated clay is prepared via reation of bentonite and sulfuric acid at high temperature .	活性clay是制备的 , 制备了高温和硫酸盐 。
does your current lease allow you to request that your tenant vacate within a certain period of time ?	您现在的目前 , 请求你在某些时候 , 请求你要求你在某一段时间内做的时间吗 ?
wise investing is the surest path to financial independence and it's something everyone can work on .	智慧投资是最好的路径 , 是金融独立的 , 它是一切都可以工作的事情 。
with thoughtful service and harmonious atmosphere , the nursing home is really the home of the aged .	随着思想服务和谐的气氛 , 乡村的家庭真正是老年的家庭 。
college staff bought 332 magazines , 44 fiction and 29 nonfiction books .	大学舞台332大学的大学舞台 , 444名电影和29名非影响书籍 。
mrs . cronin: my dear , why don't you tell me what it is . i'm sure i can help you .	伦敦先生:我死了 , 为什么不要告诉我 , 我确定我能帮助你 。
of course , humans could take over for the missing birds , pollinating by hand and sowing the seeds .	当然 , 人类可能会采取错误的鸟类 , 由手手柄 , 然后用手柄 , 把它们放在床上 。
past efforts to reach a meeting of the minds on health care reform have ended in stalemate .	过去的努力来达到健康保健改革结束的意见 。
the company has its own research and development bases , and production bases in shangdong , shanghai and shanxi province .	公司拥有自己的研究和发展基础 , 在上海、上海和上海和上海、上海和陕西省 。
" let's stay at one of the cheap motels on the edge of town , " kathleen suggested .	" 让我们站在城市的一个廉价电子之一 , " 凯瑟琳说 。
" so questions remain concerning both accuracy and also applicability to other solar cycles , " she said .	" 因此 , 问题仍然继续结论 , 还适用于其他太阳周期 , " 她说 。
a tall man with white hair got out . it was albert , the husband of molly's sister .	一个白头发出来 , 这是一名叫做 " 白头发 " 的男子 " 的男人 。
it's pouring in thailand ! a man walks down a bangkok street in heavy rains .	这是在泰国 , 一个男人走下了一条危险的街道 。
in the 1970's , americans avoiding service in the vietnam war arrived and put down roots .	在1970年代 , 美国人民避免在越南战争中避免服务 , 并把根放下根 。
major components: cactus extract cream , olive oil , vitamin b5 , geraniums .	主要组件:活性萃取陶瓷 , 橄榄油 , 维生素b5 , 德国石油 。
in other words , even our worst jobsearch errors are the training ground for greater success .	换句话 , 即使我们最好的工作负担错误是更多成功的训练地位 。
but of the many contrasts given here what i find mostinteresting is sorrowful yet always rejoicing .	然而 , 许多合同给我找到的最好的合同 , 最好的是很有趣的 。
we are surprised to hear about the damage . the order was carefully packed at our factory before shipment .	我们很惊讶地听到损害 , 秩序在船舶之前 , 在船舶之前 , 在船舶之前 , 我们的工厂中 , 我们正在担心损害 。
winners take chances . like everyone else , they fear failing , but they refuse to let fear control them .	赢家们每个人都有机会 , 比如每个人 , 他们恐怕失败 , 但他们拒绝让他们感到恐惧控制 。
police officers in the city aren't being fully paid and may not even have enough money for gas .	警察官员在城市里没有完全支付 , 甚至还没有足够的钱 。
part 4 learn the process of writing news articles like a reporter in this free journalism training video .	第四部分 , 学习了写新闻文章的过程 , 如本免费记者的记者训练视频 。
when there's a strong job market , organizations need to do whatever they can to attract top candidates .	当有一个强大的工作市场 , 组织需要做什么 , 然而它们可以吸引到更强的工资市场的时候 , 组织需要做什么 。
being put in front of a client for the first time and asked to explain something was a daunting experience .	第一次 , 请求解释某些东西是一个危险的经验 。
don't fall into the trap of believing that because you can't test every line of code , you must test nothing .	不要把相信 , 因为你不能测试代码的所有代码 , 你必须考试任何事情 。
the fifth partita was " the worst bach recording i've ever made . it was also the most pianistic . "	第五党是 " 第五党 " 最糟糕的记录 , 还是最为纯粹的 。
fire and wind raged all around , snapping juniper trees and incinerating the sagebrush .	火灾和风吹了所有的地方 , 蛇树木和巧合了年龄的年轻树 。
the content of this page is from the illy port or illy customs import and export company directory ;	本页面的内容是由硅港口或硅端口、出口公司目录和出口公司目录 ;
i have expressed my concern through my paintings which visualising the tension between human and environment .	我曾经通过我的绘画 , 表达了我的关心 , 通过对人类和环境的紧张 。
the high efficient allocation of system resource by using multithread application highly improved the system performance .	采用多线程应用高效的高效分配系统资源 , 提高了系统性能 。
in britain , men are recommended not to drink more than 21 units a week and women 14 .	在英国 , 男人建议不要喝21个星期和女性14岁的男性 , 男性14岁 。
the time constant for pnipam in the collapsed state is nearly temperature and concentrationindependent .	联合国的时候 , 联合国的时间保持近温度和浓度独立 。
the exterior joinery elements will be in thermosprayed aluminum tinted charcoal gray .	外部约瑟琳元素将在热带的铝化合物中产生的铝合金 。
rotating packed bed is a new highgravity gasliquid masstransfer equipment developed in 1980 .	1980年 , 旋转包包包装是一种新型的高度气体气体设备 , 是1980年的高度气体设备 。
no matter what language i learn , i always try to look at my cup as ‘half full’ .	没有什么语言 , 我总是试图看我的杯子 " 自我完全 " 。
don’t be insulted if a cashier holds your bill up to the light to check its authenticity .	不要是否 , 如果你把你的小鼠放在灯光上 , 要检查它的意义 。
despite the disappointments , milner , lammie and houston argue that dec salt can succeed .	尽管失败 , 微笑 , 劳林顿和霍尔顿认为 , 盐可以成功 。
the airbus a320 was flying from moscow to geneva when the attempted hijacking occurred .	空气a320是从摩托车到基因瓦的时候 , 当时 , 空气中飞来的时候 , 飞行了320 。
owning to the arrangement of the course , 50 students found 6 companies and cheerz company is one of them .	为了保障 , 50名学生发现6家公司和化学公司是他们的一家之一 。
since that time , mcdonald's and its franchises have remodeled 11 , 000 stores .	由于当时 , 麦凯尔德和它的飞行员已经删除了111 , 000家店 。
can the bookstores and libraries of this world stay viable and relevant in this age of edownloads ?	这个世界的书籍和图书馆的书籍书馆和图书馆 , 是否可以在这个年代的年代的时代 ?
physicists could solve it for only a small number of cases , such as that of two parallel plates .	物理学家们可以解决 , 只有一个小数量 , 例如两个板板板的物理学家 。
this finding adds yet more confusion to determining the best strategy for women with ntse acs .	这个发现还有更多的冲突 , 确定女性最好的女性战略 。
nor did i agree with his somewhat emotional assessment of me as a " unique moron . "	没有我同意 , 与他有关的情绪评估是 " 独特的早晨 " 的 " 独特的天赋 。
ehrlich’s book , the population bomb , made him the mostfamous of modern malthusians .	埃里克的书籍 , 人口炸弹 , 使他最有名的是现代的马利亚人 。
for example , there are restrictions that make it all but impossible to sell f22s to japan .	例如 , 所有的限制都有限制 , 但不可能卖给日本2222吨 。
mathias is a typical midfielder with important potential which he will have to show on the pitch .	马西亚是一个典型的中场 , 是他必须展示自己必须展示的最大潜力 。
just last saturday we saw each other again in berlin , along with mikhail gorbachev .	上周六 , 我们看到了柏林 , 与迈克哈巴夫和迈克哈克·戈巴夫 。
the name of this fruit , yes , this is technically a fruit , comes from nahuatl , too .	这个水果的名称 , 是的 , 这是一种技术的果实 , 来自nahuatl , 来自nahuatl , 太多 。
as soon as the monkey king goes into the cave , the other animals cover the cave door with rocks .	就像猴王一样 , 其他动物的动物 , 还有动物覆盖了洞穴 。
its way more m2m than is necessary , but it certainly does the job of giving the best of them .	它的路径比较必要 , 但它确定做了最好的工作 。
founded as a furtrading post , it developed rapidly after the coming of the railroad in1881 .	建立在1818181年以后 , 建立了一项追溯后 , 它迅速发展迅速发展 。
i found the distance to our main tent hard enough going , never mind a trek to the north pole .	我找到了我们的主要目标 , 足够了 , 永远不想到北极 。
the reactions were manifested by allergic shock , purpura , urticaria and angioedema .	这些反应是由所有的攻击 , 紫外亚、紫外亚、欧洲和神经瘤的反应 。
there are many minor gold deposits in the periphery of huanglin anticlinal . nucleus .	湖南省有许多小金矿矿物 , 是黄林林水平的矿物矿物矿物 。
a bottomup itcentric approach focusing on discovery and characterization of existing it assets .	一个底层迭代中心的方法集中关注于发现和存在的资产的特征 。
to be engaged in studying a role so as to be able to replace the regular performer when required .	为了研究一个角色 , 因此 , 要求在需要的时候 , 要求学习一个角色 。
the average skews higher than the median because of a few very high incomes , deaton explained .	平均关键比印度更高 , 因此 , 由于很少收入 , 死亡解释了 。
furthermore , the plugin may overwrite your changes the next time it regenerates the site .	此外 , 插件可能将你的插件转变为下次 , 再生它再生了它的网站 。
now we never completed the study so we never wrote it up , but we did find some interesting preliminary things .	现在我们从来没有完成研究 , 所以我们从来没有写出它 , 但是我们发现一些有趣的东西 。
it will have to fight against that , even if the new ngage delivers an excellent gaming experience .	即使新年代的新年龄变得很好的气候经验 。
if you find an apartment you like , submit an application to the landlord or property manager immediately .	如果你找到了一个部门 , 将应用到地方或属性管理器 , 直接找到一个应用程序 。
the date can also recruit superior nodachi units as well: attack is a date watchword !	日期还可以再次运行更好的北达达达州 , 攻击是一场危险的观点 !
the single chromosome obtained in the study is rice field eel chromosome 3 ;	研究中 , 单个氯化物得到了单个氯化物的单个氯化物 。
hesse created minimal sculptures that retain a relationship to the organic through shape and texture .	他创造了最小的文本 , 包含有机形状和文本的关系 。
there was no history of trauma , apart from her having undergone acupuncture several years previously .	没有历史上 , 离开了她的头发 , 离开了几年前 , 几年前 , 几十年前 , 直到没有历史 。
in addition to myers , also described by western tourists by nontibetans cruel attack .	另外 , 还描述了西方旅游家的西方旅游家 , 通过非抗抗抗抗抗抗抗人犯罪攻击 。
other countries , notably india , must calibrate their government finances even more carefully .	其他国家 , 不可能印度 , 必须为他们的政府财政增长 , 甚至还要更加关心 。
production begins in the fall and the film is expected to be released in the summer of 2011 .	20111年夏天 , 产品开始开始于下面 , 电影将会在2011年夏天发布 。
boring but serious english you are the redthreadwoven ball that i have dreamed to obtain .	身边 , 很严重的英语你是红色的球迷 , 这样我已经梦想到了 。
the shabab now control only 40% of mogadishu proper , down from about 60% a few months ago .	上巴b现在只有40%的加拿大财产 , 来自60%的60% 。
and with warm weather predicted in spain , the german said his day of karting should stand him in good stead .	随着温暖的天气 , 德国人说 , 他的日子应该站在他良好的步骤中 。
results: 108 canals were successfully reopened with a successful rate of 92 . 3% .	结果:108例癌患者成功 , 成功采用92.3%的成功率为92.3% 。
some complex flow characteristics such as separation , circumfluence appears around spur dikes .	有些复杂的流体特征 , 如分离、分离、循环效果显示 。
well , that was very decided indeed that does seem as if but , however , it may all come to nothing , you know .	然而 , 这是非常决定的 , 似乎是如果 , 但如果如果如果 , 那么它可能都没有什么东西 , 你知道 。
van der sloot has said he left holloway on a beach near her hotel after they had kissed .	瓦恩德罗斯已经说 , 他离开了一场比赛后 , 离开了一场美丽的酒店 , 后来他们被杀了 。
here she talks not only about real risk factors , she also rules out signs that could be misread .	这里她不仅是关于真正的风险因素 , 她还是跑出来的信号 , 可以错误 。
this is no more effective than prayer which when it does seem to work can be explained away as coincidence .	这是没有效果的 , 当它似乎做的时候 , 似乎没有效果 , 可以解释合并性 。
twopieces adjustable ladder can be designed and manufactured according to order demand .	两个可调的层次可调整 , 可以根据订单要求的需求设计和制造 。
no sign of an epic clash of the titans such as the 1980's maradona platini one .	无论是1980年代 , 比如1980年代的马拿大拉丁平台 。
ltd . dongguan branch is a good faith for the purpose of formal professional decoration company .	广东南布朗是一家优秀的形式专业装饰公司 。
'all of the sudden , everything i loved about the city was just so frightening to me , ' she said .	她说: " 突然 , 每一件我喜欢城市的东西 , 只是在我身上 , " 她说 。 "
several theoretical examples given in the paper show that the terrain correction of the surface ...	几个理论例子 , 提出了几个理论例子 , 给出了表面的表面相关性 。
the second instance indicates the code page used at the source , which is also windows usenglish .	第二个例子显示代码页在源中使用的代码页面 , 还是窗户使用语言 。
however , the reelability has a negative relationship with the speed of heating if the set temperature is high .	然而 , 如果设置温度高 , 可靠性具有负面关系 。
yea , chinese history is great , and chinese food is awesome . let's enjoy our lunch man .	是的 , 中国历史很好 , 中国食物是我们的 , 让我们喜欢我们的lchunchman 。
charlotte wrote as currer bell , emily as ellis bell , and anne as acton bell .	查洛特特写作当前的是 , 即使是埃尔斯·贝尔·贝尔 , 另外一位行动会被告诉 。
i shall never forget those days when i lived in the army with the soldiershas a great effect on my life .	我永远不会忘记那些日子 , 生活在军队的军队时 , 我就不会忘记那些对我的生命的影响 。
the first thing bram did upon his return was run to mo , giving her hugs and kisses .	第一件庆祝他回来了 , 把她的丈夫和吻吻起来 。
fortunately , gout is treatable , and there are ways to reduce the risk that gout will recur .	幸运的是 , 目标是可处理的 , 还有需要减少风险的风险的风险 。
every element has a method to return the label of its category and a method to bind the clicking action .	每个元素都有一个方法来回归其目标的实验和方法 , 然后把它的标准的标准行为绑定到临床行动的方法 。
england setup with a stopper and cover , this exploits the talents of terry and ferdinand .	英格兰建立了一个存储器和覆盖 , 此外 , 探讨了土地和农田的总才 。
this underlines that you should use double indexes if you want semantically correct numeric comparisons .	如果你想要正确的数字比较的话 , 你应该使用双指数 。
university of the freedom of living people to temporarily forget the past , and floated up to enjoy the present .	自由生活的自由大学生活的自由大学 , 为了在过去的忘记 , 然而流入了享受现在的目标 。
tritium emits a weak form of radiation that does not travel very far in the air and cannot penetrate the skin .	试验室在空气中 , 无论在空气中 , 无法渗透空气 , 无法渗透皮肤 。
finally , concrete suggestions and measures are proposed for the implementation of the group' s development strategy .	最后 , 提出了集团开发策略实现集团开发策略的概念建议和措施措施 。
in general and basically , i'm still one of those who are beneficial and harmless to the mankind and our society .	通常和基本上 , 我仍然是那些有利于人类和人类和我们的社会 。
this erosional basin was closed and evolved into a depositional basin during middle late pleistocene .	这个环境盆地被闭合 , 进入中晚期末末末期间 , 后期间 , 进入了一个沉积盆地 。
additionally , enthalpy and entropy both contributed to enantioseparation when mobile phase was acetonitrile .	另外 , 能量和能量都配置在移动相位的时候 , 移动相相位的时候 。
each change brought fresh accessories , clothing , jewelry and body colors to the new collection .	每个变化都带来了新收藏 , 衣服 , 衣服 , 衣服 , 衣服 , 衣服 , 衣服 , 衣服和身体颜色 。
while meeting financial group influence in foreign hotel to press on to the border , is because " wolf " come .	虽然遇到金融集团对外国酒店的影响 , 是因为 " 女性 " 来说 , 女性 " 来说是因为 " 女性 " 来说 。
" of the four wars in my lifetime none came about because the u . s . was too strong . " ronald reagan .	" 第四战争在我的生活时候 , 美国的第四战争 , 因为美国太强了 。 "
in september , the company slashed its sales forecast for 2010 by 25% to 600 , 000 vehicles .	在一月份 , 公司宣布了它的销售预测预测预测预测2010年25%到600万辆汽车 。
isn't that against china's principle of noninterference in the internal affairs of other countries ?	没有这样 , 中国的原则并不能在内部国家内部的内部事务的内部事务的原则吗 ?
objective:to investigate the electroneuographical characteristics in patients with guillianbarre syndrome .	目的:探讨骨折的电子物理特征 , 探讨骨折的手术特征 。
because the kidneys produce carnitine , kidney disease could lead to a deficiency of carnitine in the body .	由于肾脏产生 , 肾疾病可能导致心脏病的发生率 。
to worship others blindly and belittle others at will are both factually the display of lack of selfconfidence .	为了担心别人 , 相信其他人都是自信的缺乏缺乏自信的缺乏缺乏缺乏缺乏的缺陷 。
he posited that animals acquired certain traits during their lifetimes because of their environment and choices .	他在生命期间 , 动物已经有一定的旅行 , 因为他们的环境和选择 。
gaps are left between the outer cylinder and the inner cylinder , and air in gaps is pumped into vacuum .	气体离开外循环器之间 , 气体在气体内部循环器之间 , 气体被泵入气体 。
we'd like someone to design a vector illustration of this fun , cute , accessible monstertype character .	我们喜欢有些人来设计这个功能的矢量示例 , cutetetete , 访问可见的猴型特征 。
913 and , he didn't publish anything related to the lewis structure until about 1912 or 1913 .	9133年 , 他没有发布任何事情 , 直到1912年或1913年 , 直到19123年 , 至1913年 , 至1913年并没有出版 。
dynamic program data from backend business logic can also be placed at the specified location in the html .	来自后端业务逻辑的动态程序数据 , 还可以在html中定义的位置 。
experimental results on plasma instability and potential confinement configuration in mm4u tandem mirror are presented .	通过实验结果对mmmmm4uz-4uz-4uz-z-z-z-z-z-z-z-z-z-z-z-z-z-z-z-z-z-z-z-4u-z-4
so , these onchanging properties that describe the state of the equilibrium state of the system are called state variables .	因此 , 这些关键属性描述了系统平衡状态的状态 , 被称为国家变量 。
an optimal sequencing of the storage elements in the single scan chain design for testability is presented in the paper .	提出了一种在单扫描链设计中 , 提出了一种最优的序列序列的方法 。
in this paper , macroporous resin was used to treat wastewater resulting from manufacturing sulfanilamide .	本论文采用宏观树脂 , 用来处理废水处理废水 , 制造自制造自制造硫酸盐的制造硫酸盐 。
to be responsible for the partymasses work of administration and its directly affiliated institutions .	为了负责党的党制度工作 , 直接对党的管理工作 , 直接拒绝党的机构 。
the gentleman was infinitely resourceful and had close contacts in the army and in political circles .	女性最终是很好的资源 , 还有在军队和政治循环中 , 政治循环的联系 。
a motor vehicle which reaches the standards for being discarded as unserviceable shall not run on road .	运动车辆 , 达到标准的标准车辆 , 应该不能在路上运行 。
used for the treatment of acute and chronic enteritis and diarrhea caused by bacterium or fungus .	为了使用安装和慢性能的治疗 , 用来制作细菌或免疫的治疗 。
other agreements in 1880 and 1892 sealed the protectorate status of bahrain to the british .	其他协议在180年 , 180年和1892年 , 第180年 , 第1880年 , 第1880年 , 第1892次在英国的保护地位 。
objective: to observe the effects of synthetical rehabilitation cure on guillainbarre syndrome .	目的:观察肾上腺反应疗效的影响 。
small doohickey 2: sunshine fades not more easily than be being cleaned in day of overcast and rainy .	小鸡2:阳光速度不容易于清洁 , 早期和雨水清洁 。
the four vessels were then reinforced by two type 037 antisubmarine patrol crafts .	然后 , 第四个车辆是由两种类型的03777型的抗毒毒毒毒毒毒毒药物的 。
so research and development as a new treatment for burns and wound healing of the drug become yet to resolve the issue .	因此 , 研究与发展作为一种新的治疗 , 使药物的新治疗 , 然而 , 为了解决问题的问题 。
represent medicine: much pepsin , pancreatin , more enzymatic piece , mai feiming wait .	代表医学:很多宠物 , 胰岛素 , 更多的酶素素 , 雄性感觉等 。
increasing starch concentration had little influence on the gab parameters but nonetheless decreased aw .	增加淀粉浓度对游戏参数的影响很少 , 但没有任何减少了减少 。
deputy mayor he jihua meets with principal members of kagoshima cultural exchange group .	迪迪迪·梅特·梅尔·梅尔·梅尔在卡拉马马马马马马文化团会议上会议 。
current champion ronnie o'sullivan believes ding junhui has what it takes to go all the way .	目前 , 罗恩·罗恩·罗恩·罗恩·罗恩·罗恩·罗恩·罗恩·罗恩·罗恩·罗恩·罗恩·罗恩·罗恩·罗恩·罗恩·罗恩·罗恩·罗恩·罗恩·罗恩
timely deployment of work safety , strict implementation of territorial regulatory responsibility .	工作安全、安全、严格的实施工作安全、严格的实施实施 , 应当责任 。
the public security work in poor areas will face favorable opportunities of development and confront grim challenges .	政治安全工作的公安安安全工作 , 将面临发展和前面的发展和前进的挑战 。
today's dynamic business needs are driving it departments to implement standardsbased computing .	今天的动态业务需要在实现标准计算的基础上 , 要求现在的动态业务需要 。
it plans to equip other ultralight kits with electric motors ranging from 10 to 60 kilowatts .	它计划在10到60公里的电动机上设备其他超级电机机机的电机机机机机 。
mgm has now been taken over by new owners , however , and its money troubles appear to be a thing of the past .	然而 , 目前 , 麦格姆现在已经被新人带来了 , 而它的钱似乎是过去的东西 。
let us consider that we are all insane . it will explain us to teach each other . it will unriddle many riddles .	让我们考虑我们所有的意义 , 要解释我们每个人 , 就会让我们看到很多风险 。
but there are a variety of things about people who can communicate from the dead or ghosts or seances or what have you .	但是 , 有很多事情 , 谁可以从死或女性或女性或感觉或是你们的事情 , 或者有什么事情 。
sift together the dry ingredients into mixing bowl . add in diced butter and knead to form dough .	验证一起干燥成混合碗里 , 添加了一起 , 除了分裂和膝盖 , 形成了混合剂 。
yet despite much speechifying from bankerbashing politicians , such views do not seem to have taken hold .	然而 , 尽管从银行银行政治家来说 , 这些观点并没有看到 , 似乎没有看到 。
customers will pay 2 star prices for a 5 star offering , a value proposition unmatched in the market place .	客户将支付2个恒星价格 , 价值建议不匹配市场的价值建议 。
i think the reader gets the point . at some point we're all acted like this: we've been too busy to do god's work .	我认为 , 读者得到了点 , 在某个点上我们都是这样做的 , 我们都很忙忙忙忙于做上帝的工作 。
and basically everything what agassi and rios , and some other guys , what they have in life is thanks to the tennis .	基本上所有的东西都是怎样的 , 还有一些人 , 还有一些人都有些人 , 他们在生活中都有什么感谢 。
in many cases they interfere with the normal economic order in our country affecting the market of many highquality goods .	在很多情况下 , 他们与正常经济秩序相互感兴趣 , 因此 , 国际上 , 影响了许多高质量货物市场的市场的市场 。
tax related crimes include all kinds of offence aganist china's tax system according to chinese criminal law .	税务关系包括各种部门组织组织组织的税收体系 , 根据中国刑法的法律 。
first , image capture and pantilt control are firstly achieved based on hikivision's image capture board .	首先 , 图像功能和平台控制首先是基于hikkkkkkkkkkviviviviviviviviviviviviviviviviviviviviviviviviect的图像框架 。
the other part may be steeped in the principles of debate , such as identifying fallacies , or understanding bias .	另一部分可能在债务原则的原则上 , 例如识别面貌 , 或者理解的是否则 。
this is true whether you are doing street photography or visiting a natural or manmade site .	这是真的 , 你是否是否正在做街道照片或访问自己的自然或男性站点 。
if you can't make a lateral leap , look for ways to expand your current position in the direction of your interests .	如果你不能做到一个最后的休闲 , 寻求解决你的目标位置 , 然后在你的兴趣的方向中扩展你的目标位置 。
your breath will come in through the crown of your head and will fill your body in a manner you are not really accustomed to .	你的弟弟们将会在你头上 , 把身体充满你的身体 , 你不真正是自定的 。
according to the variation of pressure and speed , optimize the model to reduce the pressure loss .	根据压力和速度的变化 , 为了减少压力损失的模型 。
it becomes a hot topic these years . the major characteristics of channel are multipath transmission and shadow effect .	这些年来 , 通道的主要特点是多道路传输和阴影效应的主要特点 。
" every time negotiations are underway , money always makes the decision , " pellegrino told sport . es .	" 每次谈判都是 , 钱总是让决定的决定 , " pellegrinono告诉体育 。
shampoos and other products designed to open scalp pores do not stop hair loss or promote regrowth of hair .	山姆奥和其他产品设计了开放屏幕污染 , 不停止头发或促进头发或促进头发 。
the results from greenhouse experiment showed that the efficiency of biocontrol could arrived at 72 . 1% .	研究结果表明 , 绿色房子实验结果表明 , 生物电池的效率可以达到72.1% 。
of course , none of us thought we'd be sitting on top of that peak in the not too distant future .	当然 , 没有我们认为 , 没有什么想法 , 我们就坐在太平洋的峰会上 。
this week in our series , larry west and tony riggs describe an antiwar movement that was growing .	本周在我们系列的系列中 , 拉里西和西兰西部和西部的西部 , 西部的西部人士描述了抗war的动作 。
even tutoring at a forprofit learning center or leading tours at a historic site required a master’s .	甚至 , 甚至在学习中心或领导游戏中心或领导游戏需要一个大师的地方 。
the bct fee will be waived for all singaporeans and singapore prs above 16 years old .	博物会在16岁前 , 所有的新加坡和新加坡prrsrrrrs上等待所有新加坡和新加坡prrrsrsrsrrs 。
so in this paper , the way of realization of the hl7 middleware on multiparameters monitor is intro duced .	因此 , 介绍了hl7中间的hl7中间wa的实现方法 。
i’m on the shit list in my platoon for quitting , and my chain of command won’t move me if i ask .	如果我问我问的话 , 我是在我的平台上 , 我的命令链子里 , 我的链子不能移动我 。
the chongqing upt head hunting company is taken as an example to do a preliminary research in operating pattern .	重庆上升公司是一项例子 , 作为操作模式的初步研究的例子 。
the model of effect information entropy project risk analysis has its unique theory and method in solving these problems .	信息熵分析模型对其独特的理论和方法进行解决 , 解决这些问题的有效信息风险风险分析模型 。
the businessschool method of valuing shares is based on the discounted value of future dividend payments .	基于价值分配价值的业务学方法 , 建立了未来分销价值的价值 。
how can you say so ? without breach in continuity how can there be rebirth ? can there be renewal without death ?	你怎么说吗 ? 连续性不能再生吗 ? 还是怎么能再生吗 ?
censure: a punishment in which the mage is warned against future violations , similar to parole .	护士:大规模的惩罚 , 警告了未来未来的暴力 , 同样也相似 。
the next section explains this cost more fully as it explores how startup costs are initially incurred .	下一部分解释了这个成本的成本 , 探讨了如何启动成本的开发成本的开发成本 。
a scientific study of athletics is the process of cognition to reveal the essence in things and their objective laws .	科学研究的科学研究是一项科学研究的过程 , 揭示了东西和他们的目标法和目标法的认识 。
but feiler's wife , linda , had a hunch that something was wrong: " you know as a wife , as a spouse .	不过 , 费尔特的妻子 , 利亚 , 有些人说: " 你知道妻子 , 你知道自己是个妻子 , 就像一样 。 "
in principle , each copy of the genome ; s estimated 60 , 000 genes is exactly the same .	在原则中 , 每个代码都是基因组的 , 估计60 , 000基因相同 。
if there are no or not enough researchers looking into this subject , what should this author be entreating the government to do ?	如果没有或没有足够的研究人员 , 应该注意到这个项目 , 应该注意政府做什么 ?
again , if you want to match either of these characters verbatim , you must use an escaping backslash .	再次 , 如果你想要匹配这些字符的话 , 你必须使用一个scapcapslashslash 。
however , when using the model for the 2008 european championship , the forecast winner did not make it to the second round .	然而 , 在2008年欧洲冠军的时候 , 预测赢家不能让它成为第二轮 。
with multifunctional die , the square and round hole angle steel flange can be manufactured .	随着多功能 , 平方和圆孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔钢板板的制造 , 可制造 。
good mind is broad , generous , and tolerant of the universe for the benefit of mankind the common people .	良好的心思是广阔的 , 通常 , 为人类的利益 , 人类普通人民的利益 。
here , i first of all express our most sincere congratulations to the class group achieved outstanding results and classmates !	这里 , 我首先表达了我们的最自由的结论 , 来自班级团队成就了解成果和课程 !
yalong bay center place , won a national construction " luban award " modern garden plaza .	永远的宝宝中心 , 赢得国家建筑 " luban奖奖 " 现代园台 " 现代园林平台 。
for some weeks , my 26yearold son , david , had been after me to go with him to atlantic city , n .	对于某个星期 , 我的26岁儿子 , 大卫 , 大卫 , 曾经和他去了他去了 。
the bank had the trust of its customers and had not seen any meaningful outflow of funds , tilmant said .	银行有其客户的信任 , 没有看到任何有意义的资金 , tilmanman说 。
endurance swimmer diana nyad has become the first person to swim from cuba to the us without a shark cage .	保险游泳人员已经成为第一人来自美国的第一人来自美国的第一人 , 没有一个鲨鱼的年代 。
" it would be irresponsible for the president to veto this legislation , " boehner told reporters .	" 这将对总统的总统来说 , " 鲍恩纳告诉记者说 , " 这将是不可能的责任 。
their personal stories show the tragic reality of cancer in poor countries and its strong impact on people and their families .	他们的个人故事显示 , 贫穷国家的癌症现实和其强烈的影响在人们和他们的家庭和他们的家庭和他们的家庭 。
after akmal shaikh , the mentally ill man , is executed tomorrow – you are on short rations for a year !	后来 , 精神病人 , 明天早些时候 , 你是在今天早上做短期的一年 !
anyone who violates the regulations or disobey theexaminer will be handled according to related regulations .	根据相关规定的结果 , 任何人都会有任何解决 , 否则任何人都会被解决 , 根据相关规定 。
perhaps less than a kiloton , which sounds like a lot but is actually small as nuclear devices go .	也许 , 或许只要小于kilon , 所以 , 所以 , 声音就像是核设备的小 。
at a more basic level , americans are afraid not just of dying , but of talking and thinking about death .	在一个更基本的基本水平 , 美国人不仅仅仅仅仅仅是人 , 而且在谈论死亡的基本水平 。
tan later , " juying lu pen consciousness " that read: " china's great sages , no clouds change also .	太阳之后 , " 朱妮奇奇奇 " 读道: " 中国伟大的老年 , 没有云也改变 。
prf global inc is a u . s . a . corporation located in huntington beach , california .	prflobalc是美国一家公司位于华盛顿海滩 , 加州加利福尼亚 。
typically , large manufacturers will have a quality system that exceeds the medical device qs regulation .	通常 , 大型制造商将有一个质量的系统 , 超过医疗设备sq规定的医疗设备q的质量系统 。
a man who likes to moralize is usually a hypocrite , and a woman who does the same is invariably plain .	一个男人喜欢道德 , 通常是一个人 , 一个女人在同样的女人 , 一个女人都是一位女人 。
though none of us will individually alter the course of the universe , collectively we can do this !	尽管我们不会有个人 , 不管我们不会在宇宙的法院上 , 直接我们可以做这个 !
" but , " he added , " through the grace of god and wisdom of our leaders , these plots were neutralized . "	" 但是 , " 他补充道 , " 通过我们的领导者的领导者的领导者和智慧 , 这些插件都是不错的 。 "
a survey of arbuscular mycorrhizae of wild flowers in longtou mountain area and its application ;	一项调查发现 , 长山地区和其应用程序 ;
remember , the name of god represents the god we name , and the lord god himself is this tower .	记得上帝的名字 , 上帝的名字 , 神的名字 , 耶和华上帝是这个城市 。
to safely use wasted onebase propellant , detonation occasion of charge was judged through witness steelplate .	为了安全使用一个基础的优点 , 定位选项是通过智力钢板推断的 。
since fda began scrutinizing the drugs last march , shares of amgen have sunk 27 percent . u .	由于今天 , 由于今天 , 来自去年3月 , 上个药物中分享了27% 。
this paper is a summary on the experimental investigation of almg alloys with the alloying addition of re .	本论文的总结是对almg合金的实验研究 , 总结了almg合金合金合金合金合金合金合金的实验投资的总结 。
this is unzipped on the broker and saved on the broker's file system according to message set .	根据消息设置的消息设置 , 本书的文件系统不能在broker文件系统上拯救 。
the book's writer , john b . watson , urged extreme firmness in dealing with children .	本书的书写作家约翰·布森 , 乔恩·布森 , 同孩子和孩子们一样 , 带来了极大的财产 。
you shouldn’t need that many more words to explain what the picture means or why you’ve included it .	你不应该需要很多字来解释图形意义或为什么你已经包含了它 。
pepper , basil , oregano , turmeric , thyme , lime , onion and garlic are only a beginning .	宠物 , 基础 , 组织 , 客户 , 同时 , 联合国 , 联合国和加里斯 , 仅仅是一个开始的开始 。
try and clear your mind before bed time and make an effort to think positive thoughts that aid sleep .	尝试和清除你的思想 , 使你的思想让你觉得有效的想法是睡眠的想法 。
but after china joined the npt in 1992 and the nsg in 2004 , it reined in such help , at least officially .	然而 , 中国在1992年加入npppp , npg在2004年加入nppps , 至少是官方官员 。
haun ni asked molly , whats the matter , molly asked kim she isnt a person can love a person no longer love ?	哈朗尼尼斯问 , 什么事情 , 妈妈问她是否能爱一个人不再爱吗 ?
the problem lies in the insufficiency and low efficiency of humancapital investment in rural areas in china .	问题在我国农村地区的农村资本投资中存在的问题和低效率 , 是我国农村资本投资的问题 。
for a while , aunt fan had large breasts too—they'd open up and she'd pull stuff out .	对于一个时候 , 很多人面临很大的东西太太太大 , 就是她开了 , 把她的衣服放出来 。
most of the characters have no mouths , dot eyes , and stick limbs ; those with lips are unintelligent .	大多数的特点都没有动作 , 眼睛 , 眼睛 , 眼睛 , 眼睛 , 这些嘴唇都是不智力的 。
grandma , tell me how you make everything so delicious ? someday i want to be the best cook there ever was , just like you .	爷爷 , 告诉我怎么做的事情吗 ? 我想要最好的是最好的烹饪 , 就像你 。
romania , under its president , traian basescu , is a bastion of atlanticism in the black sea region .	罗马亚 , 在其总统下 , 传统基督是黑海地区的基础主义的基础上 , 是其在黑海地区的基础 。
the direct link between alcohol and the liver is well understood but what about the impact of alcohol on other organs ?	酒店之间的直接链接与酒店之间的直接链接 , 是否有关酒店的影响吗 ?
but i do think it is time to reevaluate the things i do have and whether or not they add any value to my existence .	但我认为这是时间去评估我做的事情 , 是否还是不论是什么 , 还是不论是否则 , 还是不论是否还是没有任何值得我存在的价值 。
the last recipe item in the list , shown in listing 5 , contains an additional html class: onlinerequired .	最后的项目在清单5中显示 , 包含一个更多的html类:在线上需要 。
acronym for " thank god its almost friday " , word is only usually used on thursday .	周四 , " 谢谢上帝几乎上帝 " , 词通常只是在星期四使用的 。
ed begely jr . , the 61yearold activist and actor , has been doing it for longer than any of them .	德德德里·贝尔先生 , 61岁的61岁的活动员和活动员 , 活动员已经比任何人更长了 。
i'm tough , i'm ambitious , and i know exactly what i want . if that makes a bad woman , okay .	我很难说 , 我是个成员 , 我知道我想要的话 , 如果这样做一个坏女人 , 好吧 。
we asked relationship experts what you should discuss before getting hitched . here are 13 questions they came up with .	我们问关系专家们应该讨论你应该讨论的事情 , 这里有13个问题 。
gady epstein , beijing bureau chief for forbes , has been covering china and asia since 2002 .	加迪迪斯坦 , 北京总统福布斯坦 , 曾在2002年被覆盖中国和亚洲 , 自2002年以来 。
our first stop was dongcheng , the county seat of dongguan –already an emerging force in export trade .	我们第一阶段是唐宁 , 我们的第一阶段 , 我们的第一阶段已经在出口贸易中出口 。
we had legislation about the national health service passed 10 years ago and nothing has happened since .	我们有关国家健康服务的国家卫生服务经过10年前 , 没有发生的事情 , 没有发生 。
till now , the paper constructs a framework according to the model which root in theory and tested by practice .	目前 , 目前 , 根据理论和实践实践 , 提出了一种框架架架构建了一种框架框架 。
the passer touches a person to let them know he needs to get through but allows his hand to linger longer than necessary .	乘客们要让他们知道自己需要的话 , 只要把手放在手里 , 让他的手指比必要要的时间更长 。
he went to her , scolded her gently for her earlier faithlessness , and assured her that her search was over .	他向她走到她的时候 , 把她的女儿放弃了她的父亲 , 评估她的搜索已经超过了 。
unzip sj_tomcat . zip to the root of your tomcat installation’s webapps directory .	联合jejomtomat.zip在您的smcat的samcat的根本上安装了webapppps目录 。
the team showed only those cells with ezh2 phosphorylated by cdk1 differentiated into bone cells .	小组只有通过cdk1不同的cddk1分化到bsk细胞中 , 只有ezhh2摄像器只有ezhh2摄像的细胞 。
but the chinese does not recognize this fact , nor if he should do so would it diminish his sense of innate superiority .	但是 , 中国没有认识到这个事实 , 没有什么 , 因此他应该做的话 , 所以 , 就不应该死了他的感觉 。
the aim of the study was to investigate the effects of plant growth regulatorliduo was on wheat yield .	研究目的是探讨植物生长的效果 。
whenever we forget these basic truths about gifts , it always causes trouble in the church .	然而 , 我们忘记这些基本的事实 , 总是在教堂里引起困难 。
in order for the world to realize the coming of maitreya , a number of conditions must be fulfilled .	为了让世界实现马利亚的命令 , 大多数条件必须充分完成 。
doctor frank paul is an expert in glaciology from swiss federal institute of technology .	医生弗朗克paul是一家专业从瑞士联邦联邦法学院的科技专家 。
bud film contract and leaf long , lozenge or wedge , have notch shape a toothlike part of anything .	佛影片合同和叶长 , 伦敦或西方 , 没有形成任何东西的东西 。
perform monitoring , inspection and quality control at inhouse and subcontractor steel fabrication and welding section .	性能监测、检测、检查和质量控制在房子和下层钢织造和焊缝缝缝缝缝缝焊缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝 。
this invention describes a hydroxylamine benzene dismutase , its coding gene and applications .	本发明描述了一种羟基因、其编码基因和应用程序 。
close shop to try and control monetization and you can only rely on your own internal innovation machine & capital .	衣服鞋要尝试和控制机械 , 只能依靠自己的内部创新机械和资本 。
it might be possible to get those same restrictedcalorie benefits from parttime dieting , the researchers said .	研究人员表示 , 研究人员可能可能会有可能会有可能会使这些限制性好处得到同样的限制 。
the relief effort wasn't enough to get assembly lines restarted elsewhere , however .	不过 , 宗教努力不够够 , 才能得到成功的线路线恢复 , 然而 , 然而 , 信仰努力不够 。
address: room 201 , 4th block , ceramics research insitrute , fengxi road , chaozhou , china .	地址:20111年房间 , 陶瓷研究机构 , 长溪路 , 长江路 , 中国 。
a palladium phthalocyaninepvc membrane electrode for thiocyanate ion was prepared .	制备了一种多元化物理化合物 , 制备了乙烯酸酯化合物电极电极电极 。
the stub and skeleton objects also take care of beginning and committing containermanaged transactions .	俱乐部和kekeleton对象也在开始开始和委员会内容包含包含包含管理交易的关键和keleton对象 。
and i will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth , blood , and fire , and pillars of smoke .	我愿意在天堂和地球上 , 血 , 血 , 火火 , 火山 , 火山 , 火山和火山 。
since the beginning of the new century , the beginning of the largescale introduction of this subject .	自从新世纪开始 , 新世纪开始 , 首先介绍了大规模的大规模介绍的大规模介绍 。
he founded an authentic transaction network for famous chinese modern paintings and calligraphies in 2004 .	他在2004年找到了一位著名的中国现代绘画和文学网络 。
communication with inotify is established through a system call . the available functions are as follows	通过系统的通信 , 建立了一个系统的通信 , 可用的函数作为遵循系统的可用功能 。
sleepwalking is one of the disturbances of consciousness that fall in the scope of psychopaths .	epwalwalwalwalwalwalwalwalwalwalwalwalwalwalwalwalwalwalwalwalwalalwalwalwalwalwalwalwalwalwalwalwal
a: those who entered china illegally have violated china's law . they should be handled by china according to the law .	据法律 , 中国的法律 , 他们应该在中国法律上处理 , 应该被中国的法律处理 。
and the blood test is reliable as early as seven weeks into the pregnancy , whereas ultrasound is not .	血液测试是早期早期早期的7周 , 直到早些时候 , 血液测试是不可靠的 。
psc media also increased the amount and the caliber of blood vessel in cam model in vivo .	sssssc媒体也增加了大量和血管的血管的血管模型模型的血管 。
now read the text , have rarely been touched , and enjoy the film , often tears in your eyes .	现在 , 阅读文本 , 几乎已经开始调用 , 享受电影 , 常常告诉你的眼睛 。
failing that , his wife will have a sizable dossier with evidence of infidelity to confront him with .	故事 , 他的妻子将有一个可见的门户 , 与证据证据的证据 , 与他与他有关 。
the key is embolic infarction is a focal change , whereas autolytic change is global and diffuse .	关键是紧密的关键 , 是一个关键 , 自动改变是全球和困难 。
i hope shasha's classmates or friends coming abroad can read your essays if possible .	我希望上海的班级格式或朋友们可以读到你的话 , 如果可能会读到你可能的话 。
the catv graphical components library , which this paper introduces , is just the base of the aided software .	本文介绍了cavv图形组件组件组件库 , 只要介绍了ids软件的基础 。
but the milk is full of white blood cells that thicken and make the milk go bad more quickly .	然而 , 牛奶全部白血细胞全部白血细胞 , 使牛奶神更快 。
also , cooking and edible quality were mostly determined by gca of restorers and sca of f1combinations .	同时 , 烹饪和可行性质主要是由重组和fca1组和fca组合和fca-1组合而定义的 。
the technique supports euclidean distance measure and lshift euclidean distance measure .	技术支持ucan距离测量和lshifte--------------------------------------------------s
" cerasomes were designed as a therapeutic alternative to common chemotherapeutics , " said kester .	关键说: " 对于常见的化疗疗药物的治疗 , 疗法是否设计的 。 "
the average price for gasoline was down 7 cents at $3 . 70 per gallon in the latest week .	最新周末 , 气体价格下跌7.70美元 。
when her bitter ready to surrender , and found that all video clip in locked in the record has been force than the ;	当她的bitter已经准备了支持 , 发现 , 所有视频关闭在记录中 , 记录中所有视频关闭的所有视频集群都比较了 ;
of course you can buy some unlocked phones right nowbut it's usually a niche way of operating . .	当然 , 你可以买一些没有锁定的手机 , 现在它通常是一个无关的手机的方法 。
experiments showed the effect of metal ions on the shape , size and surface structure of lipid rafts .	实验结果表明 , 金属分布对形状、尺寸和表面结构的影响 。
" if i started all from scratch in the united states , i would have spent much more time looking for funding , " jiang said .	他说: " 如果我从美国开始 , 我会花多少时间去寻找基金 , " 江西说 。
if there is a neurological disparity between the genders , it could explain important behavioral differences .	如果有一个神经分离之间的神经分离 , 可以解释大量行为的重要行为 。
objective discussing the clinic application value of dry chemistry test paper method and urine deposit mirror inspecting method .	目的探讨干化学试验方法的临床应用价值 , 探讨了干燥化学试验方法和尿酸化学测试方法的临床应用价值 。
resulting assumption: i am a great employee and make a significant contribution to my team	结果评估:我是一个伟大的员工 , 使我团队的团队有很大的贡献 。
this journal has the right to select and publish the writings and pictures published in this journal .	本记者在这篇记者中 , 本记者有权于选择 , 发布了写作和图片的权利 。
articke 12 the rate leviable on the smallscale taxpayers goo ds or taxable services shall be 6% .	第二十条小型税收者应该有6% 。
the motor function in the two groups was markedly improved after treatment , especially in treatment group .	两组运动功能在治疗后 , 特别是治疗组 , 特别是治疗组的治疗组 。
droughts spread through the subtropics , accompanied by heatwaves and intense wildfires .	药物经过物质 , 经热波和注意风暴 。
i like a picture which john lennon and yoko ono hugging , they are like a smooth circle .	我喜欢一张照片 , 约翰逊和约翰·莱恩·莱恩·莱恩·莱恩·莱恩·莱恩·莱恩·莱恩·莱恩·莱恩·莱恩·莱恩·莱恩·莱恩·莱恩·莱恩·莱恩和
his mop of black hair and silverrimmed glasses make him a dead ringer for harry potter .	他的嘴唇和银色的玻璃玻璃 , 使他带来了哈利波特的头发 。
a letter generally mails to americaeuropeafrica by airmail . first 20 grams is 20 yuan .	通常电子邮件通常是美国电子邮件的信件 , 第一次20gam是20元 。
zakah is a portion of one's wealth that must be given to the poor or to other specified causes .	朱克哈是一部分的财富 , 必须给贫穷或其他特定的原因 。
so what happens almost instantaneously after the collision , the electron up here falls back down .	所以 , 几乎在收集之后 , 电子邮件的电子邮件就会回来了 。
what's this ? this is what it looks like when you stand at the foot of one of the giant junipers at mount lala .	这是什么 ? 这是怎么样的 ? 就像你站在那个巨大的监督官员在月球上 。
breathable leather interior aids in wicking moisture away from your feet so they stay healthy and dry .	可怜的皮革内部居民 , 避免你们的脚趾 , 所以他们站在健康和干燥中 。
she feeds the orphaned calf three to four times a day , the same amount an infant requires in a day .	她感到这三天 , 还有一天 , 同样的婴儿需要一天的婴儿需要一天 。
to the best of our knowledge , brain capillary telangiectasia rarely has been previously reported by swi .	为了我们的知识最好 , 大脑的领域电脑电视台电视台电视台已经开始报道 。
ann: look , this news is about a post80s girl who spent 3000 yuan for her dog's birth .	安妮:看 , 这个新闻报告是一位80岁的女孩 , 为她的狗生长3000元 。
used the er graph tool to design the system information model , and has constructed the system database physical information model .	使用服务phs工具设计系统信息模型 , 建立了系统数据库的物理信息模型模型 。
no flooding on our way up to the land , but here and there in the mountain area are fallen branches on the road .	无论在我们的路上 , 然而 , 在那里 , 山区的山区 , 在路上 , 没有洪水 。
frame of manufacturing management layer and supervisory control layer network system make out subsection .	制造业管理层和监督控制层网络系统的框架 , 制造了制造工业管理层管理层和监督控制层网络系统的框架 。
results and conclusion the present laboratory examinations do not show obvious help for the early diagnosis of bmt .	结果与结论:目前实验室检查并不显著帮助对bmt早期诊断早期诊断的诊断 。
and the designed sensor can also be used to measure some other types of linear displacement or rotation angle .	设计的传感器也可以用来测量其他类型的线性显示器或旋转角的其他类型 。
analysis about some phenomenon of using characters of bronze inscriptions in the han dynasty .	分析了在汉代汉代的一些现象 。
there are some different pt conditions between the west and east of the southern area to the chonglichicheng large fracture .	西南部地区西部和东部有些不同的pt条件 。
schoolrunning strategy: adapt actively , advance moderately , and develop independently .	学校跑步策略:适应 , 提高现代的现代化 , 开发独立 。
the formula is therefore considered as available to the calculation of drawing force on tube sinking .	因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 可以考虑在管道上进行计算 。
the value to set is a reference to either a java . lang . object , or a subclass thereof .	为了建立一个java的价值 , 属于java.lava 。 语言 , 或者一个子lasof 。
the national collegiate athletic association governs college sports in the united states .	国家委员会协会协会的国家委员会员会主席政府在美国的大学体育运动中 。
" you mean the people who live in the big house next door , don't you ? " asked one of the girls .	" 你意味着 , 大家里的人们生活在大家里 , 不要问你吗 ? "
my husband's first coaching experience was with a juniorhighschool basketball team .	我的丈夫人第一次教练经验 , 是一位监督教堂篮球队队 。
objective to study the clinical features and treatment of traumatic cerebral intraventricular hemorrhage .	目的探讨传统脑梗死的临床特点及治疗 。
there are defects such as wash , blowhole , dispersed shrinkage in the butterfly type valve .	有些缺陷 , 血液 , 分散在蝴蝶类型阀中 。
this amount increases each year you're here inline with inflation and subject to government regulations .	这个数量都增加了每年你在这里 , 与政府规定的联系和主体对政府规定的增加 。
the longterm causes of the cold war were fundamentally due to the ideological differences between east and west .	冷战的长期原因是由于东部和西部的理想差异 , 是因为冷战战的基本原因 。
one of the downsides of antidepressant pills is that they can take a long time to work — between two and eight weeks .	抗抗抗抗抗抗抑郁药物的一个下一次 , 它们可以在两周之间进行长时间工作 。
i have a great relationship with him , even after the primavera game he called me wanting to know everything about my condition .	我和他有很大的关系 , 甚至在玛丽亚游戏之后 , 即使他称赞我想知道所有的事情 。
the society of boys' centres is the main beneficiary of a scholarship & development fund set up by us .	男孩中心的社会是学者和发展基金建立的主要有效的基金 。
in this paper , the construction management of the modern landscape greening project is analyzed in this paper .	文章分析了现代景观的建设管理管理管理管理 。
guangzhou city people's congress , canton canton ya huang yongguang said school principals .	广州市城市人民的会议 , 加州华盛顿 , 华盛顿 , 华盛顿说 , 郭州市民主义原则 。
objective :to establish a quality control of compound tetracaine hydrochloride gel newly prepared .	目的:建立一种复合技术的复合型高效液相色谱法 , 建立了一种有效的控制方法 。
rooms divided into standard rooms , deluxe rooms , single rooms , all kinds of suites .	房间分为标准房间 , 定位房间 , 单房间 , 所有的房间 。
objective:to investigate the bacteria infection and drug resistance state in the medical intensive care unit .	目的:探讨细菌感染和耐药性状况 。
objective to investigate the absorption kinetics of ligustrazine at different intestine segments in rats .	目的探讨脂肪酸酯对不同脂肪酸酯的吸收作用 。
i could smell the fresh , wonderful scent of devil's hole , the water , the moss , the laurel .	我可以回忆到新鲜 , 美丽的洞穴 , 水 , 水 , 水 , 水 , 摩擦 , 灯光 。
returned to south koreas ginger both smoke and willow township enjoy the two people in love time .	回到韩国的南韩 , 两个烟雾 , 让城镇享受了两个爱情的两个人 。
so this is just the idea that the most electrons that you can have in a single orbital is two electrons .	因此 , 这只是唯一的电子 , 你可以在单个轨道上 , 是两个电子中最有电子 。
forget about level surfaces , forget about standing back , and just pick up your quadrotor and throw it .	忘记了水平表面 , 忘记站在背后 , 只要把你的头部和扔掉它 。
" docking " means that adequate information sharing , mutual understanding and the parallel development of same period .	" 攻击 " 意味着 " 独立信息共享、互相理解和 " 互相理解和 " 互相理解和 " 相同时期的发展 。
blue roses also have mythical qualities because until the japanese discovery they were impossible to grow .	蓝玫瑰还有神经质量 , 直到日本发现他们的日本发现他们是不可能增长的 。
just before we left , the husband told me he and his wife had moved in 34 years ago , right before they got married .	在我们离开之前 , 丈夫告诉我 , 他和妻子在34年前 , 前 , 前面他们结婚了 。
trapped in a crowd , the music is loud . i said i love my freedom too , now i'm not sure i do .	我喜欢我的自由玩具 , 现在我不肯定是我做的 。
for an invention to be patentable it must not be obvious 'to one of ordinary skill in the art' .	为了本发明的发明 , 应该是不能得到的 " 明显的 " 的技巧之一 " 。
on may 5th , leonard stringfield releases and article in batavia , illinois about aliens .	五月5日 , 李纳德·斯特德尔德在巴塔维亚的第五月5日 , 伊利诺斯在巴塔塔塔维亚和阿里亚举办了一篇文章 。
st lucia is clearly an island on the move ; one can only hope that it will retain its unspoilt charm .	斯特里亚明显是一座岛屿 , 只有希望它只能保持它的宇宙魅力 。
please maintain clean environment , turn off cellular phone and b . b . call , prepare .	请维护清洁环境 , 转向细胞电话和b.bllll , 准备 。
moreover , the treatment efficiency of hpac was better than which of traditional pac or aluminum sulfate .	此外 , hpac治疗效率较好 , 传统的pac或铝酸钠的治疗效果较好 。
what value can songbird add if the user navigates from a music blog to cnn ? probably none .	如果使用音乐博客来cnnnnnnnnnnnnnn的话 , 价值可以增加obird 。
i was just in denmark , and it occurred to me there’s not a hint of a big gulp society there .	我刚刚刚刚刚刚刚刚在密密密斯克 , 因此我不会有一个巨大的枪击社会 。
to deal with the increasing load of idp , it is essential to implement load balance based on cluster .	为了对sidp的增加负载 , 实现了基于集群的负载平衡的负载平衡 。
but in the presence of so violent a temptation , reason vanished ; nothing remained but instinct .	可是在因此 , 暴力的存在 , 原因 , 原因是没有什么 , 无论仍然是不住的 ;
it is great to be here in the same time as the irish group . that gives us a new perspective about the way to work with ceramics .	同时 , 这是很棒的 , 同时也是在这里 , 让我们带来一个新的观点 , 与陶瓷作出了新的观点 。
first , service premium is a key issue of credit market with the transition from shortage economy to surplus one .	首先 , 服务预期是一项关键问题 , 是从短期经济转移的关键问题 。
she worry you listen , but didn t also way , then she saw the northsouth and mis blue , said later .	她担心你听说 , 可是 , 然后她看到北方的北方和米蓝说 , 后来 , 后来她看到了北方和蓝色 。
she saw it through a mist of fancya pale , sombre halflight , which was the essence of poetic feeling .	她看到了几百年来 , 很抱怨 , 这是一半的政治感觉的事情 。
but change enough words , though it is only one at a time , and your thought ends up dead just the same .	但是改变足够的话 , 尽管它只是一次 , 你的思想结束在同样的时候 , 你的思想结束了 。
evidently two of the girls there had an altercation and one pushed the other off the wharf and into the water .	通常两个女孩的女孩都有一个手术 , 还有一只男孩的手术 , 把它放在水里 , 进入水中 。
the sunset glow floods the inlet of the river , blending with the hues on the horizon , and me .	太阳的玻璃花在河里 , 带着湖上 , 和湖泊在河上 , 和我一起 。
one pair may not fit inside all of your shoes , so you may want separate orthotics for dress shoes or sports .	一个女孩不适合你们的鞋子 , 所以 , 所以你可以想要分离衣服鞋或体育 。
he then surrendered to guards and handed over a letter , but details of his particular plight were not made known .	然后他建议保护和处理信件 , 然而 , 他的详细细描述了他的特别的插件并不知道 。
add to this ideas promulgated by religious groups in which transgressive sex is sinful even as a fantasy .	除此外 , 由宗教组的宗教团体 , 即使是一个不可怕的 。
a sponge that absorbs c02 and boosts hydrogen fuel production , said an australian researcher .	澳大利亚研究人员表示 , 吸收了c02和boostststrosostelel生产的一项关于澳大利亚研究人员说 。
ralph sings , norton plays " swanee river " and then " melancholy serenade " fast tempo .	拉尔尔ph歌 , 诺顿球员 " 游泳河 " 然后 " 拉尔顿 " 最快的 " 游戏 " 游戏 。
the transaction mechanism and the system will be maintained by the company , the proxy stores , retailers old sales .	交易机制和系统将由公司、企业、销售商、零售商、零售商店、零售商、零售商店、零售商销售机制 。
to use the period inventory system effectively , the manager must be able to control inventory by visual inspection .	为了使用周期存储系统有效 , 管理者必须通过视觉检测来控制 。
but i say unto you , that it shall be more tolerable for the land of sodom in the day of judgment , than for thee .	然而我说 , 要要要更多的 , 要要在判断的日子里 , 谢谢你 。
it's a sentiment once professed for every artist from shaun cassidy to paul mccartney .	每个艺术家都是一个代表 , 一次来自山东各个艺术家的艺术家 。
the cost savings are enormous , and the timetomarket for new applications or functionality is greatly improved .	成本保存的成本是非常重要的 , 对于新应用程序或功能性或功能的时间来说很大改善 。
out went suits in favour of the opennecked shirts that mr lafley usually sports .	除了在开放的开放式衬衫 , 拉夫先生通常是体育的 。
thenthe optimal driving curve under the conditions of matching and linear voltage control is derived .	然后 , 采用最佳驱动曲线驱动曲线驱动曲线驱动曲线驱动电压控制的最佳驱动曲线控制 。
suddenly , huan zang could not control himself but began to laugh with his beloved wife and adorable babies .	突然 , 湖南z不能控制他自己 , 开始和他的妻子和可怜的婴儿 。
i knew how hard dad worked to scrape together enough money for my accordion and lessons .	我知道如何努力努力工作 , 为了一起 , 我知道如何努力地把钱给我的准确和教育 。
get some pliers or something to hold the hinge with and hammer lightly at the hinge . do so for both hinges .	获得一些笔记或有些东西 , 用清洁和锤轻轻轻地放在床上 。 所以 , 所以 , 所以 , 所以 , 为了两个小衣服 。
gentleness is a sharp sword . gentleness is a latent power which can let all the people submit themselves to it .	女性是一种悲惨的话 , 女性是一种新的力量 , 可以让人们把所有人带给它 。
both in theory and in practice , ethics and the economy have become irreconcilable opposites .	在理论和实践中 , 经济的理论和实践中 , 实践和实践中 , 在理论和实践中 , 经济都变得不可重视 。
for me it is a very dangerous if i didn't have any ready to enter for the exam , i will get a bad grade .	对于我来说 , 如果我没有准备进入考试 , 我会得到一个坏代码 。
but the twotime academy award winner is also one of hollywood's highest profile christians .	可是两个学术奖励也是最高的圣诞节之一 。
number two , pointer dereferencing starts at the pointer and follows its arrow over to access its pointee .	数字两个 , 点点点指示在点点点上 , 然后它的箭头将它的箭头访问它的指示点 。
it is believed that on december 21st , 1891 , the first basketball game in history was played .	18911年12月21日 , 1891年12月21日 , 第一次篮球游戏在历史上扮演了 。
in the wake of the midterms , he has voiced a willingness to work with the republicans in congress .	在中期中 , 他有声音 , 与国会的共和党人共和党人在会议上工作 。
japan's is far greater , yet the yen has become one of the safe havens for those fleeing the dollar .	日本早些时候 , 日本的日本已经成为一个安全的安全之一 。
the land they're squatting on has arable tracts , trees , hills to the west and natural springs .	土地 , 它们正在平台上 , 树 , 树木 , 山峰到西部和天然春天 。
dr . jenningswhite has published many articles on the topic of organic chemistry and perfumery .	杰芬斯白博士已经发布了许多关于有机化学物理和渗透剂 。
michael:paulo ? i don't believe it . i thought he worked all the timelike my brother .	迈克尔:paulo吗 ? 我不相信它 。 我认为他所有的时间都在工作了我的哥哥哥 。
my sister has mistaken me for a mushroom . she keeps me in the dark and feeds me shit .	我的妹妹妹们已经错过我 , 把我放在黑暗里 , 感到感觉我 。
cardinal rosales praised the life of the “extraordinary” saint . “this is his home town .	卡德罗斯罗斯在 " 超级 " 盐 " 的生活中 , " 这是他的家乡 。 "
" it's only the malicious guys who have to worry about what happens once they submit a result , " livshits says .	" 仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅有关于他们的大量男人担心他们的结果 , " 活动员说 。
they made their way to the secondfloor store room , broke down the door and dressed themselves in officers' uniforms .	他们在第二楼楼上做了自己的办法 , 把门放下门 , 把门 , 把他们放在办公室内 。
the method of ontology merging based on fca can overcome the drawbacks of the traditional ontology merging methods .	基于sca的对象编码方法 , 可以通过对传统的传统的对象分析方法进行研究 。
hplc method for the determination of larginine in cefepime hydrochloride for injection was established .	建立了基因hplc方法的hplc方法 , 建立了基因hplc方法 。
software process engineering metamodel is the standard specification that formally describes the software development processes .	软件工程工程工程工程工程是一种标准规格的标准规格 , 形式描述了软件开发过程 。
for experience discussion of , the article introduces the thinking of a large number of preqin confucianism and taoism .	为了探讨 , 文章介绍了大量预秦儒学思想的思想和思想 。
returning to the familiar kitchen he slides a knife along his letters , slitting out their folded information .	回到熟悉的厨房里 , 他在信里的信里 , 慢慢地把他们的信件放出来 。
then the people of the land killed all who had plotted against king amon , and they made josiah his son king in his place .	然后 , 土地人杀死了所有的人 , 他们在他的儿子里 , 约瑟西亚的儿子的儿子 。
ulta , another retail chain , was among the first to put mass and prestige offerings on the same selling floor .	另一个零售链中 , 第一条零售链之间 , 是第一条零售链的第一条零售链 。
daguerre did not need to make money from the invention to live , since he had been pensioned by the french government .	大卫不需要从发明中赚钱 , 因为他已经被法国政府推出了法国政府 。
how can you tell people that eating the filets of a shark is fine , but eating the fins of that very same animal is not fine ?	你怎么能告诉你 , 吃一只鲨鱼的文件 , 可是吃一只鲨鱼的鱼 , 只要吃一样的动物是什么样的吗 ?
for sensing air temperature under heavy loading appliances such as fan heater , hot air tunnel ...etc...	为了感觉空气温度下 , 例如 , 热热热的空气隧道等 。
when power converters operate at boost mode , the lowvoltage side battery will discharge and provide power for dclink ;	当电源转换器运行时 , 低压电池将会消失 , 为dclist模式提供电力 ;
its downfall occurred in 1256 as a result of the expansion of the mongol empire into iran and syria .	它的表面发生在1256年的1256岁以上 , 作为蒙古帝国的成果 , 进入伊朗和叙利亚 。
this paper has established a bistable region diagram and a boundary diagram of the failure to attenuating vibration .	本文建立了一个可持久的区域图 , 建立了一个可持久的区域图像和一个边界方向 。
the contextual linkages of records should carry the information needed for an understanding of the transactions that created and used them .	记录的概念链接应该在创建和用户创建的基础上进行信息的理解的基础上 , 要求记录的内容链接 。
in this hot summer , let your computer desktop has become full of fantasy , full of temptation to it !	在这个热点夏天 , 让你的计算机桌面变成全面 , 全部尝试 !
micro electro mechanical systems multigranularity macromodeling nonstandard structure model order reduction ;	微电子电子机械系统多重度宏观化非标准结构模型 , 为了减少 ;
aim to investigate the chemical constituents of the rhizomes of anemarrhena asphodeloides bunge .	目的探讨对抗原体的化学成分的化学成分进行研究 。
" before it happened i loved school , i loved everything about it , " redding , now 19 , said on cnn television .	" 在这里我喜欢学校之前 , 我喜欢所有东西 , " 红色 " 现在 , 19nnn电视台说 。
the space is dotted with various types of houses and tradesman 's workshops with their messy yards .	空间由各种类型的房子和贸易人员的 " 工作 " 的空间 " 做了各种类型的房子 " 的空间 。
we also learnt about some local fauna including a toad in the family bufonidae which is toxic if eaten .	我们还在学习一些当地的失败 , 包括一个在家庭买家的买法尼亚 , 如果欧洲的家庭买家里巴西亚 , 我们还是学习了 。
but therein lies a danger the danger of assuming that tangible , quantifiablethings are all there is to an impasse .	然而 , 在某个危险的危险中 , 变得危险 , 质量的事物都是有可能的 , 所有的事物都是有一定的 。
the construction theorem of regular semigroups with orthodox transversals was given by a simpler formal set .	给出了一种简单的正式式式式式形式的建筑理论 。
qualitatively analyze the existing problem of the antenna height scanning for the eut with radiating characteristicsin the measurement method .	本论文分析了在测量方法中 , 采用辐射特性测量方法的存在问题 , 探讨了该方法的存在问题 。
but we must remind our comrades that they must truly follow the spirit of the " may 7th directive " .	然而 , 我们必须提醒我们的命令 , 它们必须真的确定要遵循 " 5月7日 " 的精神 " 。
young bloods are full of ambition and pride once they have collected their first trophy the skull of their kill .	年轻的血液全部成员 , 一旦他们收集了他们的第一个电话 , 他们的第一次收集了他们的孩子 。
tumbling this price positions significantly increase potential null layout has been positive .	结合这种价格的价格 , 大幅增加了潜在的nulllallyout的潜在位置 。
the result testified the difference of antiinfection for nematodirus spp between poll dorset and mongolian sheep .	结果表明 , 试验结果表明 , 聚合物det和蒙古ep的抗原感染对抗原感染的影响 。
" beyond the mountain's olive tree " , " little river up " , " village crossing " and others .	" 月亮山 " 的老树 " , " 小河 " , " 村庄跨越 " 和其他人 。
in a video image from new zealand's tvnz , men carry a wounded man after he is pulled from the rubble .	在新西兰电视台的视频图片中 , 男人在一位视频照片中 , 曾经在一位视频照片之后 , 男人在他从橡胶的电视台上拍了一名男子 。
in 1990 hazen took on a second position , as professor of earth science at george mason university .	1990年 , 在1990年哈西在乔治逊大学的地球科学教授 , 作为地球科学教授 。
ozark's turkey farmers are not immune to the issues that are hurting farm communities everywhere .	奥兹扎克的关键农民不能免疫到这里的问题 , 每个地方的农民都是不能免疫的 。
the alien seeds thus took roots , sprouted and grew into such big plantain trees on top of other trees .	由于阿里昂的种子 , 速度转移到了大树上 , 把它的树木的大树放在树上 。
“the volksparteien are coming to an end , ” says peter l&ouml ; sche , a political scientist .	" 演员kkkpartetete " 终于结束 , " 彼得和umluml " ; cheche , 方案 , 策略 , 政治科学家 。
sediment samples collected from seven stations in xiamen western harbour were processed qualitatively and quantitatively .	中西汉汉汉堡的七个阶段被加工的沉积样本和沉积样本 , 加工了七个阶段 。
both succumbed to the temptations of drink and women , and had uneasy relations with the critics and the press .	两个成功的是饮料和女性的尝试 , 与批评与批评和压力相关的联系 , 两者都结合到饮料和女性 。
dashboard receives contextual information from the focused application and uses it to query a selection of backend stores .	大型板板板接受了集中应用程序的内容信息 , 使用它来查询一个后端存储的选择 。
agv grandbase system is a set of software to control and manage many agvs to accomplish many material transit tasks .	gvgvgvggvggarbase系统是一种软件控制和管理的软件 , 是很多资料传输任务的软件 。
as the first chapter of book five begins , there is a drought in surrey which has prompted a hosepipe ban .	作为第一章 , 本书五章的第一章 , 本书五章的第一章是一章 。
with convenient transportation:it's 220km from shanghai , 65km from hangzhou , 290km from ningbo .	随着便利运输:上海220公里 , 上海 , 65公里 , 290公里 。
when the swiss author robert walser created a portrait of a poet , he actually wrote a selfportrait .	瑞典作者罗伯特·罗伯特·罗伯特·罗伯特·罗伯特·罗伯特·罗伯特·罗伯特·罗伯特·罗伯特·罗伯特·罗伯特·罗伯特·罗伯特·罗伯特·沃尔
everything you have thought , said , and done makes up the kind of person you are now , and also contains the seeds of your future .	每一件你都认为 , 所以做的事情都是你现在的 , 还包含了你的未来的种子 。
one terrorist nuke , assembled from stray exsoviet fissile material , can ruin your whole day .	一个恐怖主义nuke , 由tratrayoviovioviset文件材料组成 , 可以运行你的整天 。
afternoon listening to two friends talk about the past , think of " the dream into reality . " this paragraph of word .	下午 , 听到两个朋友谈到过去 , 想到 " 梦想 " 的梦想 , " 这是个梦想的 。 "
the nature and characters of operations research , the knowledge system , the developing history , applications , functions in the business decisions .	运行自然和特点 , 知识系统 , 开发历史、应用程序、应用程序、业务决策的功能 。
" i'm a vampire , and i've been alive for over 500 years , " bensley said , according to erickson .	" 我是一场疫苗 , 我已经有500年 , " 贝尔森说 , " 贝利利斯说 , " 贝尔森说 。 "
so does theresa may , who is under pressure to cut police numbers as a result of the austerity programme .	因此 , 奥萨斯可能会有可能会有可能 , 谁正在压力削减警察数量的结果 。
well it came when elijah , the amazing prophet of the one and only god picked me to be a prophet like him after he died .	好的时候 , 当伊利利亚时 , 阿利亚 , 只有上帝把我扔到了他死后 , 就像他死了一样 。
attending his reading , he said , were large numbers of hispanic people , 40 , 000 of whom lived in the same city .	他说 , 大多数人 , 大多数人民 , 40 , 000万人住在同一个城市 。
in order to make sure , i think you should have a threeglass urine test made as well as an examination of the prostatic secretion .	为了确定 , 我认为你应该有一个三个工程测试 , 以及安装安装部件的检查 。
the school has minhang , yangpu two main campus , is now actively strive to build a new campus port .	现在 , 学校已经很少了 , 杨普两大校园 , 现在 , 现在 , 正是为了建立一个新的校园体育 。
the company has cable research institute with powerful technical strength and domestic advanced product r&d capability .	本公司有限公司的研究机构 , 具有强大的技术强度和国内优先产品r&d能力 。
wang condensation cold that lost touch with organizations , the white sea angel dumpling also admitted his revenge .	王朝冷冷冷冷冷却 , 白海海也承认他的重复 。
therefore , it is critical that governments place investing in immunization high on their national health agendas .	因此 , 政府在国家卫生基础上 , 正在关键政府投资的国家健康基因 。
this paper presents the principle and methods for design and calculation of the deviationmeasuring mechanism of the inclinometer .	文章提出了一种基于设计的原理和方法 , 探讨了测量机理的设计原理和计算方法 。
under the influence of welfare pluralism , community care has become one of main strategies of coping the problem .	在自我主义的影响下 , 社区职业的影响是解决问题的主要策略之一 。
i actually jogged every day when i was in jail , and i took shower with cold water no matter if it was snowing oring .	事实上我每天都在jail时 , 每天我在jail中 , 然后我用冷水的水没有什么样的话 , 如果它被雪雪雪雪或东西 。
richclient documents can be saved to a persistent medium as new documents or as part of the data from which they originated .	丰富的文档可以拯救到一个有助的中介 , 或者是从它们原始的数据来的一个新的文档或部分 。
the chemical deburring solution features good stability , long service life and lower roughness of the treated steel surface .	化学债务解决方案具有良好的稳定性 , 长期寿命和低粗糙度 。
he is supported by 4 junior ministers with specific responsibilites , who are also elected politicians .	他是由4名监督官员支持的4名司法部长 , 特别责任者 , 同时也被选为政治家 。
housing activists and scholars said this electionyear bill will ease , but not end , the housing crisis .	房子活动家和学者说 , 这个选举将会很容易 , 但不结束 , 房子危机 。
jillian's goal is to capture the best portrait she can within that timeframe and your job is to assist her in doing so .	吉利亚的目标是为了获得最好的运动员 , 在那时候 , 你的工作是帮助她做的 。
mr evans says that from now on immigration will play a bigger role in the “structure of australia’s workforce” .	伊vanan说 , 目前 , 目前 , 目前 , 来自移民将在澳大利亚工作的 " 澳大利亚工作 " 结构 " 中扮演大角色 " 。
it is a very sobering responsibility to know that you are preparing for the future , china's next generation of leaders .	对于未来 , 中国的下一代领导人来说 , 这是很有可能的责任 。
this loss embitters humans , and they have a warlike view of diplomacy — swing first , ask questions later .	这个失败人类 , 它们有一个战争的战争观点 , 最后 , 要求最后问问题 。
core plate strengthening soft soil base is with the characteristics of rapid speed , better effect and easy construction .	核心板加强软土基础 , 具有快速速速速速速速速速速度、更好的效果和容易建设 。
for example , mindtree consulting was founded 1999 in anticipation of the very threats that have now materialised .	例如 , 在19999年 , 心理咨询已经建立了1999年的心理咨询 。
it is 50 times bigger than the original one and covers 240 sqm the equivalent area of 22 london buses .	它比原始的一个原始和覆盖240msqm的平均区域更大 , 相当于222伦敦的2222个地方 。
but god not only forgives the past , he clothes you in righteousness as though you had never committed a sin .	但上帝不仅承认过去 , 他衣服你在正确的意识上 , 尽管你从来没有承认自己的皮肤 。
watching people cling to6 each other , crying , and holding each other in that last embrace makes me appreciate what i have even more .	观看人们在每个人群集中 , 哭泣 , 把其他人在那个月球上 , 让我觉得我感觉到更加有什么 。
delayed coke is a quite mature processing technic , and it is looked as an ordinary means of deepprocess .	解释的关键是一个非常有限的工艺 , 而且它看起来是一般的要求 。
at the peak of the housing boom in 2005 , sales of both existing and new homes were running at twice the 1976 rate .	在2005年 , 房间的峰会上 , 2005年的房间销售 , 两家房屋的销售都在1976年开始运行 。
methods: 6 sb patients and 8 normal persons were monitored with polysomnography during the whole night .	方法:对6个bs患者和8个正常人进行监测 。
and her boys , were they getting on well at belvedere ? was that so ? father conmee was very glad indeed to hear that .	她的男孩 , 他们在水平上得到了很好吗 ? 所以 , 父亲的内容很高兴了 。
nonmedical use of prescription drugs was also more common in the 5059 age group than in the 60andover age group .	非传统的使用药物在5059岁以上 , 除了600岁之外 , 非传统药物也更常见 。
the distinguished chinese guests , it is certainly in the fundamental interest of our people to trade and be friend with chinese people .	分歧的中国客人 , 目前在我们的基本利益中 , 我们的基本利益和中国人民的基本利益 。
we can also guess that such a toothbrush may hurt the man’s teeth as well as his mood , inconveniencing him greatly .	我们也可以指出 , 这样的牙齿可能会使人类的牙齿 , 以及他的嘴唇 , 发明他很棒 。
but an overconfident lee thought that , having reinforced both flanks , meade would be weak in the center .	然而 , 一个超级的学习思想 , 加强了两个银行 , 标志将在中心的中心 。
vanilla , being the most popular flavor , was in a separate case at the front of the store for quick pickup .	瓦伦比亚 , 是最常见的弗兰夫人 , 是在店前一家店前 , 在店前面的店前面 , 在店前面的房子前面 , 是最常见的 。
women over thirty and/or women who are divorced have an almost leperlike status in chinese dating culture .	女性超过三十年和/ororn女性的女性在中国舞蹈文化中 , 女性在第三十年 , 女性们的女性在中国舞蹈文化中 , 女性们的女性几乎在中国舞蹈文化中 。
people familiar with these moors often miss their road on such evenings ; and i can tell you there is no chance of a change at present .	人们熟悉这些移动往往往往往往失去了 , 我可以告诉你现在没有机会的机会 。
sexy tianjin is a new shellfish tv show about love , lust , youth culture and street life in china's city .	xy天津是一个新的羊毛电视展示了爱情、奢华文化、青年文化和街道生活在中国城市 。
and then i heard the news on tv screen , the death roll is now 21 , 000 and over 100 , 000 injured .	然后 , 我听到了电视屏上 , 死亡的报纸现在21 , 000 , 000名伤害 。
experimental results showed that eg inserted into the cellar char with a " worm " like structure after it was expanded .	实验结果表明 , eg在细胞查询器中 , 与一个 " 木质 " 的 " 木质 " 比如它扩展后 , 就像它扩展了 。
insincere answer could be more natural just as the versatile golf player waves his arms at pleasure .	在回答中 , 回答者可以更加自然 , 只要高尔夫球员的球员们在比赛中 , 球员的球员们在比赛中挥发他的军队 。
other kinds of corn have less water and do not pop . when you heat a seed of corn , the water inside makes the corn explode .	其他类型的玉米水 , 没有污染 , 当你吃了一系列玉米的时候 , 水里的水中 , 水中也会使得腐蚀的爆炸 。
chemical in red wine , fruits and vegetables stops cancer , heart disease , depending on the dose	红葡萄酒 , 水果和蔬菜存储剂 , 心脏病、心脏病、心脏病、心脏病、心脏病等 。
i had never realized i could spend so much before i got going on this adventure , now i have to live on my credit card for a while .	我从来没有意识到 , 现在我已经去了 , 现在我必须住在我的信用卡上 。
are the responsibilities of each committee clearly defined ? do these definitions meet the needs of the district ?	每个委员会的责任是否明确定的 ? 这些定义会遇到区域的需要吗 ?
one application the researchers envision for the camera is flow cytometry , a technique used for blood analysis .	研究人员为参数的一项应用程序 , 研究人员为血液分析提供了一项应用 。
he had promised , he said , to “maintain the confidence and preserve inviolate” the secrets of his client .	他承认 , 他承认 , " 总是保持信心和预防他的客户的秘密 " 的秘密 " 。
in the paper the structure of dnb was introduced , and the theory of negative high voltage power supply was stressed .	介绍了dnbb结构的结构 , 介绍了负压高压电源供应的负压高压高压电源供应的负压高压系统的结构 。
but how to standard conduct neuropsychological assess scale of pocd is no consensus currently .	然而 , 如何标准神经学评估的是如何标准神经学评估的 。
every time i ask her for advice , she is always ready to help , and explains to my full satisfaction .	每次我问她的建议 , 她总是准备好帮助 , 解释了我完全满满意的满意义 。
this versatile dual scanner has two pairs of output lines which makes it suitable for a wide variety of uses .	这个两个扫描器具有两种输出线路 , 使它适合一个广泛的用途 。
if you treat bschool like an amazing educational experience , chances are you'll get a lot out of it .	如果你要处理大量的教育经验 , 那么你就会得到很多 。
britain withdrew an invitation to the ambassador from syria over violence against protesters there .	英国英国英国一家邀请来自叙利亚亚的阿拉斯加亚的访问者 。
i retorted angrily: “their vocal cord sounds as if it was kissed by god , without any hurt . ”	我回忆起来: " 神的声音声音 , 如果它被人杀死了神 , 没有任何伤害 。 "
but subsequently they had quarrels and combats with the natives , of whom they killed a considerable number .	然而 , 最后 , 它们与国家的同事 , 他们杀死了一个可考虑的数字 。
the research study was thoroughly developed in the guiyang senior high school and obtained the remarkable result .	研究的研究在广东高中高中开发 , 得到了可靠的结果 。
he got petya transferred from obolensky's regiment to bezuhov's , which was in formation near moscow .	他从奥巴斯坦克的政权转移到巴西斯基斯坦基斯坦基斯坦 , 曾经在阿富汗的形成 。
strengthen intelligenceled operations , including the use of strategic undercover and covert operations .	加强智能的智能操作 , 包括战略理解和覆盖操作 。
the second part is an introduction of the background of the english schoolbased curriculum development in our school .	第二部分是英语学校课程发展的背景 。
the dream is to be inmorpheuswhen , a few not by complete lowkey coriaceous cell group working place causes .	梦想是为了形成的 , 几乎没有完全低的低关键细胞组成的小鼠细胞组成的工作原因 。
the chinese premier also visited the luanda general hospital , a social welfare project funded by china .	中国总统还参观了卢沙亚医院 , 一个社会自我项目基金的社会自我项目基金 。
another example is changing the location of a table space container , which can also be done using backup and restore .	另外一个例子是改变表空间包含器的位置 , 还可以使用背部和重复 。
he believed that , without causing damage to the mansion of business name brand , but will enhance their clout .	他相信 , 没有导致业务名牌的损害 , 但将增强他们的衣服 。
mercator's world is a bimonthly magazine on the exploration , discovery , and mapping of earth and space .	澳大利亚的世界是一个月的马萨兹 , 发现 , 发现了地球和空间的地球和空间 。
the euricase will run you $198 . 95 and transferring video and images is done by usb from your computer .	欧元兑美元将在198.95美元运行 , 转换视频和图像来自美国计算机的图像 。
an investigation of foraminifera was conducted in the last glacial loess along the coast of the bohai sea .	最后一项调查 , 在上海海沿海海海海海岸的最后一项研究中 , 提出了一项研究 。
tests are similar to recent actual gres in length , question types , and degree of difficulty .	测试与最近的实际格式相似 , 问题类型和问题的测试类型相似 , 以及不同的困难 。
the paper compares the economical efficiency of the vrv heat pump air condition system to the traditional heating systems .	比较了vrvrvvvvv热热系统的经济效率 , 比较了传统热热热系统的传统热热系统的经济效率 。
the film is an american version of a two thousand eight french thriller called " pour elle . "	电影是美国电影版本的美国版本 , 称为 " 诗歌 " 诗歌 " 诗歌 " 。
20 the lampstands of pure gold with their lamps , to burn in front of the inner sanctuary as prescribed ;	20年 , 纯金与他们的激光之前 , 将在内部的神经圣圣的前面烧毁 ;
there were many taoist sects in the t'ang dynasty , in which , the shangqing sect had the most important influence .	唐代有很多任务部门 , 上清中有很多任务部门 , 上清选区有着重要影响 。
the development of commodity economy has given birth to the popular of christmas and other foreignfestival .	商品经济的发展已经给出生于基督制和其他外国性的发展 。
xu song in " a little knowledge of xinjiang " in the show every side of the ideological governance .	徐歌在 " 新疆 " 的一个小知识 " 中 , 每一侧都显示了思想政治的思想政治的各侧向 。
the date of the first soaking rain in spring sowing period of liaoning province is of obvious inter decadal characteristics .	第一次 , 辽宁省的第一次声音 , 是很明显的近几十年来的内部特征 。
all ssaa inc . instructors have attained the certificate 4 in workplace training and assessment .	所有的sassassssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssa
" we could have given this money to the people in the camps in darfur , to the vaccine for aids , " ibrahim said .	" 我们可以把这笔钱放在黑暗中 , 到阿布拉姆说 , " 伊布拉姆说 。
see , us thumbslummers and boxjumpers , we get a little puckish when it comes to cars , you know ?	看来 , 我们的umbsuml客户和boxjumumumumumumumumumer和boxumumumumumumumumumumumumumumumumumumumumumumumumumumumumumumumumumumumumum
who can know that your eyelids have not been touched with lampblack ? for your eyes are darker than rainclouds .	谁能知道 , 你的眼睛没有用拉拉拉拉克拉克吗 ? 因为你的眼睛比雨云更黑 。
and in the middle , you have a large number of " maybes " who seem like they might just be able to contribute something .	而在中间 , 你有很多 " 可能 " 可能 " 可能 " 的 " 可能会 " 看起来像他们可能只是可以贡献一些东西 。
is a change in the database manager or database configuration the reason for a bottleneck , such as a sort overflow ?	数据库管理器或数据库管理器是一个改变的改变 , 例如数据库管理器或数据库管理器 ?
objective: to investigate the risk of cerebral infarction of patients with type 2 diabetes and control methods .	目的:探讨经典型2型糖尿病患者脑梗死和控制方法的危险 。
as soups in this cookbook are mildly nutritious , they are , therefore , suitable to be consumed all the year round .	因此 , 在这本书中 , 由于这本书中 , 所以 , 为此 , 适合每年都消费了 。
resultsthe gestational age at delivery and birthweight were significantly smaller in severe group than that in mild one .	结果 , 交易年龄和生长率较小 , 生长率较小 , 生长年龄和生长率较小 。
president bush has chosen a cubanborn business executive to be his new secretary of commerce .	布什总统布什已经开展了一家城市商务部门 , 是他的新秘密商务部门 。
although it's bad that i couldn't have rice as my lunch , i could still get by with those noodles and dumplings .	尽管它是坏的 , 虽然我不能像我的月亮 , 但我仍然可以用这些鼻子和排放 。
last july , bpp was given degreeawarding powers , which meant it was allowed to call itself a university college .	去年7月 , pppp已经给予了提升力量 , 这意味着它可以叫做自己的大学教学 。
i published my first chinese article in 1979 , but writing in earnest did not begin until the fall of 1983 .	我在1979年出版了我第一篇文章 , 但在1979年初 , 最早的写作并未开始于1983年 , 直到1983年 , 直到1983年的秋季 。
when you can take a step back and begin to understand why things are happening , you can look for the positive aftermath .	当你可以做一个步骤 , 开始理解为什么事情发生 , 你可以找到积极的后果 。
this means you have to fight if you want to stay skilled , and gives less incentive to rest while your fiefs give income .	这个意味着你必须要要要要要做的话 , 如果你想要留下技巧 , 给你们的财政收入更少 , 同时你的财政收入 。
rose of silver up the home , but in order to travel , therefore with guodong no instant returned to jiaming ;	因此 , 银色的玫瑰花上家 , 为了旅游 , 为了旅游 , 因此 , 无法回到吉米亚 ;
new standards in various industries , including healthcare , have prompted development of xmlenabled applications .	新标准在各种工业中 , 包括健康的标准 , 已经推动了xmlen应用程序的新标准开发 。
if you've made a serious mistake , if you've hurted others or yourself , it's of no use to feel guilty .	如果你已经做了很严重的错误 , 如果你失败了其他人或你自己 , 那么不用感觉的话 , 就不用 。
a host or service is determined to have stopped flapping when its percent state goes below a low flapping threshold .	一个主机或服务确定在在其中 , 每个国家将会在低层的低层层层层面的时候 , 一个主机或服务是确定的 。
the variable coefficients , the solution itself and its normal flux may be discontinuous across the interface .	各种系数、解决方案、解决方案及其正常的流体可能在接口表面的接口中存在 。
aim to investigate the in vitro and in vivo stability of 9nitrocamptothecin lactone form in rat plasma .	目的探讨了9nicacactctctctctctctctpma的病毒和病毒稳定性 。
it should send parents — and pediatricians , educators and psychologists — looking for ways to help .	它应该发送父母 , 教育师 , 教育师和心理学家 , 寻求帮助 。
at the first outset , heavy , miry ground and a matted , marish vegetation , greatly delayed our progress ;	在第一场比赛中 , 迈里兰 , 米里格兰和格兰格兰 , 玛丽的蔬菜 , 伟大的解释了我们的进步 ;
dado: in classical architecture , the plain portion of the pedestal of a column , between the base and the cornice .	爸爸爸:在经典建筑中 , 塑料机械 , 底部和公司之间的塑料机械 。
shahin was a mechanic , this was his workshop , and there was a tattered mattress inside a tiny room at the back .	上帝是一个机械 , 这是他工作的机械 , 还有一个小房间里面有一个小房间 。
chang an received the news , not only did not escape , but wearing a suit , ready to rescue their parents .	唐安回到报告 , 不仅是不能逃跑 , 可是穿着一个适宜 , 准备回顾他们的父母 。
he captures the shantytowns where a billion people live now , and where three billion are expected to be living by 2050 .	他在那里捕捉了一百万人住在那里 , 三百万人在那里 , 三百万人希望在2050年住在那里 。
some counties in midwest america have declared a state of emergency due to rainstorms and tornadoes .	有些国家在美国中西部的一些国家已经宣布 , 由于辐射器和rnadado的雇佣状态 。
gossip: spotted nate archibald learning you don't know a good thing till it's gone and found someone else .	上帝:特别是名叫阿巴士 , 你不知道你不知道一件好的东西 , 要找到它的东西 , 找到一些人找到了 。
conclusion lidocaine combined with dexamethasone could prevent the phlebitis caused by doctaxol .	结论ldo---odocaicici结合 , 可防止ctaxol的phbiti引起ctaxxxxxxs 。
two people wake up , suddenly see jun with spring flowers and adopted by who came and said to search for bingyin .	两人醒来 , 突然看起来 , 随着春花 , 经过一起来 , 说 , 为了寻找生物 。
she muttered nonsense , silent moon shed a soft light , projected on the ground out of a circle .	她变得不奇怪 , 月亮的月亮 , 投影在地面的地方出现了一个圆形的地方 。
leaders , distinguished guests , ladies and gentlemen , all the employees of jinghua , good afternoon !	领导人 , 离开顾客 , 女性 , 女性 , 所有员工都在京华 , 晚上 , 晚上 !
the typical lijiang spruce forest is hardly to see in the lashihai region because of the human's impact on it .	典型的林林林林林林林的典型林林林林林林 , 很难看到湖海区 , 因为人类的影响是因为人类的 。
in fact , burros in the wild are related to pack animals that ran away or were freed by gold miners and others .	事实上 , 在野生中 , 鸟类在野野野野野野中 , 是由黄金部长和其他人免费的动物 。
archeologists surmise that the gardens were laid out atop a vaulted building , with provisions for raising water .	化学家确认 , 园林被放弃了一座建筑 , 随着辐射水的建筑 , 建筑的建筑 , 建筑物的建筑 。
will the arctic be a 21st century sarajevo , triggering a major war over energy resources ?	第二十世纪 , 第二十世纪 , 试图对能源资源的重大战争 ?
yueyue’s unexpected death has revived a fierce international debate over good samaritan laws .	yyyyyueueue的未预期死亡已经得到了一次国际债务的国际债务 。
the principle , manufacture and application of periodically poled lithium niobate are introduced in detail .	详细介绍了在详细详细介绍了周期聚合物的制造、制造、制造和应用 。
overcome by grief and dementia , leoric had many of the townsfolk executed for the crime of high treason .	毕业和德里亚 , 学习已经有很多城市工具执行了高档原因的批评 。
result the membrane filtration avoided interference of media by using isopropyl myristate as solvent .	结果 , 采用opopopopropymlil的膜纤维作为溶液的膜纤维 。
in1893 , at the age of 27 , he reports on an illumination method he has devised for photomicrography .	11893年 , 他报道了一项数学方法 , 他在27岁的27岁的时候 , 报告了一项数学方法 。
thereby the significance of these poems to her was made very clear , and readers may benefit from her experiences .	对于这些诗歌的意义很明显 , 读者可能从她经验中获得了她的经验 。
the making home affordable program aims to prevent up to 4 , 000 , 000foreclosureforeclosures .	制作家可福利的计划旨在防止4 , 000 , 000 , 000个加工工工程 。
in fact , gaseous velocity and pressure in a cross section change in radial and circumferential direction .	事实上 , 高速速速度和压力在辐射和循环和循环方向的变化 。
therefore , if you spend 2 hours in classroom training and evaluation , each student would earn 0 . 2 ceu .	因此 , 如果你在学校训练和评估 , 每个学生都会赚到0.2元 。
accurate dft studies of the static dipole polarizabilities of anthracene and phenanthrene were reported .	据报道 , 报道 , 根据静态分解的研究 , 报道 , 报道 , 报道 , 报告了基础上的dftft研究 。
next he put eggs in a pan of water on the stove . eggsalad sandwiches were bear's favorite .	接下来 , 他把鸡蛋放在水上 。 蛋糕上 , 蛋糕的木质是熊熊的最喜欢的 。
the results show that the large margin is obtained in guangdong nuclear power plant with 18months fuel cycle .	研究结果表明 , 广东核电厂的最大标准在广东核电厂中得到了18个月的18个月 。
in laboratory tests , they found that a lectin called banlec was as potent as two current hiv drugs .	在实验室测试中 , 他们发现 , 一个叫做banlec作为两个目前的hivvvvvvvvv毒物 。
the 400 im not only requires strength and speed in all four strokes , but also tremendous endurance .	400im不仅需要强度和速度 , 在所有四个字符中 , 同时也是最终的结束 。
" when the exslave has fixed his thumbprint to this public document , " pandit says , " they can't go back .	" 当解释说: " 当这个公共文档的时候 , 这个公共文档的时候 , 他们不能回来 。 "
everybody can see that he is a class player . he is so different . i cannot find any other striker that looks like him or plays like him .	每个人都可以看到他是一个经典的球员 , 他是不同的 。 我不能找到其他的球员 , 看起来像他或球员 。
the researchers said their findings could also apply to those who claim they rely on a morning cup of tea to get their brains going。	研究人员说 , 他们的研究人员还可以在早晨的一杯茶杯上申请他们的研究人员表示 , 他们的研究人员也可以帮助他们的研究人员提示他们的发现 。
" look no one's going to come and give you food or water , " said the man . " god will provide for me , " was the only answer .	" 看没有人会来来来 , 给你食物或水 , " 上帝会为我提供我提供 , " 上帝是唯一答案 。 "
overeating won't increase your depression , but gaining weight will . you need to fit into your job interview suit .	加热不会增加您的抑郁 , 然而 , 你需要在你的工作采访中获得重量 。
after the iss got the internet , he started posting twitpics from space , earning a loyal following .	后来 , 他开始在网上 , 开始在空间上 , 早些时候早些时候 , 早些时候 , 早些时候 , 早些时候 。
ah mui also said , on the other day she just wanted to say what she thinks about the whole thing , without any intention to fight .	安徽也说 , 另一天 , 她只想说她想到什么事情 , 没有注意到战斗 。
materials and methods: the model of transplanted tumor was made by vaccination of hepatoma h22 in the right axilla .	材料和方法:采用正确的ax-2a , 制定了改性肿瘤模型 。
at least i got the senate to pass it late , so i could veto it after they went home and they couldn’t override it .	至少我去了 , 晚上 , 所以我可以把它送到家里 , 所以我不能在家里去 。
in this paper , we determined and compared the strength limits of mandible , ilium , skull and rib .	本论文中 , 我们确定和比较了人类的强度限度、iliumumum、kull、kull和风险的强度限度 。
koth's species has been established as a zabrak , making him of the same alien species as the deadly darth maul .	韩国的特别被建立为zabk , 使他同样的阿拉伯克特种类似于死亡的日子 。
with the extensive use of the hv ic , the design of hlv compatible integrated circuits have become more and more important .	随着hvvic的扩展使用 , hlvv电路设计的hvvvv电路设计的可扩展 , 完整电路已经成为更多和更重要的 。
dam type power device: to be mainly fixed on the shore for providing electric power to factories , houses and others on shore .	大坝型电力设备:主要依靠电力工厂生产电力工厂、房子和其他设备 。
the 21yearold denmark international is widely regarded as one of the brightest defensive prospects in europe .	两1岁的丹麦国际上 , 广泛被视为欧洲最亮的防御前景之一 。
the women , who were a median age of 35 years old at diagnosis , were observed for 17 , 408 personyears .	女性是35岁的女性 , 女性年龄为177岁 , 408岁 , 观察了17岁的女性 。
the midfielder's departure from bayern munich has already been confirmed and he will be leaving on a bosman transfer .	中场军队的部门已经证实 , 已经证实了 , 他将在一名男性转会上留下来 。
fascinating creatures , phoenixes . they can carry immensely heavy loads . their tears have healing powers .	面临的创造力 , 凤凰 , 它们也可以同时运行 , 它们的泪水已经有健康的力量 。
in such a case , the organization could use a simple progress checklist to exercise control over the mechanisms and initiatives .	在这样的情况下 , 组织可以使用一个简单的进步步检查在机械和机械上执行控制的简单的进展 。
handcrafted in england of wood and fiberglass , the oval shaped interior measures just over 6 ft . in diameter .	英格兰的英格兰和伯格拉拉拉斯 , 奥巴巴斯的内部措施只有6英寸的内部措施 。
knowledge capital is the generic name of all invisible capitals in hospital at era of knowledgedriven economy .	知识资本是医院的一般名称 , 都是医院的医院的医院的医院 。
the royal melbourne philharmonic has many reasons to celebrate . and it shared the celebration with the audience .	皇家梅尔·梅尔·莫尔蒙尔·莫尔尔尔·莫尔尔尔尔尔尔尔尔蒙蒙有很多原因 , 因此它与观众共享了一起的庆祝 。
in the uae , shah rukh has endorsed du , the country's second telecom operator other than etisalat .	在美国 , 上帝的俄罗斯基已经结束了 , 国家第二个电信运营者的第二个电信运营者的第二个电信运营者 。
the forwardosmosis membranes only release fresh water into the ocean , and don't permit salty water to contaminate the bags .	前列腺炎仅仅仅释放新鲜水分 , 而且不允许阿尔斯坦水 , 保持袋子 。
we would have welcomed more help from our city council – that never ­happened , which is why we pursued kirkby .	我们将欢迎更多的帮助来自城市国家的帮助 , 为什么我们购买了kykbyby 。
say you've got a limited wage budget and a maximum of 5k a week , yet the player you want is demanding 7k .	你说 , 你已经有限的年龄预算和最大5周的5周 , 然而 , 球员们希望要求7k 。
bloodsurge: now has a chance to trigger from any hit with heroic strike , bloodthirst , or whirlwind .	血液保护:现在还有机会从任何健康的严重、血液三分、血液三分、血液三分、血液三维素、抑制剂等方面采取机会 。
an efficient numerical method is proposed for calculation of the first crossing reliability of non stationary process linear combination .	提出了一种有效的数值计算方法 , 提出了一种基于非静态过程的非静态过程合作的方法 。
as regard to marketing channels , the project shall adopt the authorized sales agent model to improve efficiency .	作为市场渠道 , 项目应该采用作者销售代理模型提高效率 。
some farmers fear , however , that crosspollination could create lowerquality hybrid plants and lead to economic losses .	然而 , 一些农民们担心 , 跨坡可能会造成低质量的混合植物 , 导致经济损失 。
the researchers learned that feathers of different shapes and sizes resulted in different frequencies with different harmonic structures .	研究人员学习不同形状和尺寸的不同形状和尺寸的研究人员在不同频率的不同频率结构中学习了不同的形状和尺寸 。
objective to study the effect of retrograde intramedullary nail for the supracondylar and intercondylar fracture of the distal femur .	目的探讨回顾性回顾性鼻窦炎的疗效 , 探讨骨折的疗效 。
the tool is fitted with a progressive throttle action , which allows a low speed with a small throttle opening .	工具适合进步行动的工具 , 允许低速开放小速度开开放 。
the pid control adopted the location algorithm , and restricted the extent of control quantity and integral increase quantity .	管道控制系统采用位置控制算法 , 限制了控制量和集成量的控制量和集成质量 。
pseudophase liquid chromatographyfor the separation of ionizable and strong polar organic compounds was developed .	建立了可行性和强有机化合物的液相色谱法 , 研制了液相色谱法 。
mercure suzhou park hotel & suites is the ideal choice for your meeting or social occasion in suzhou .	夏威州的苏州酒店和白酒店是你会议或社交会的理想选择 。
the anatomic characteristics of the anterior communicating arterial fenestration were observed under the operating microscope .	观察了在运行微镜下 , 运行微镜下 , 观察了抗原通信架构的特点 。
scissor cuts a flower to want to use sharp knife , need not shears , with early morning or dusk advisable .	科学家切割了一朵花 , 想要使用鲨鱼刀 , 需要早晨的早晨 , 早晨早上早些时候 , 早晨早些时候 , 早些时候 , 早些时候 , 早些时候 , 还有可能
in procedure aspect , argumentation from coherence needs an equal debate and dialogue among judge , party and other attendee .	进一步探讨 , 除了法官、党和其他参与的法官、党、党和其他参与的法官和辩论 。
forget about spending christmas eve watching a movie alone or the holiday vacation reading a 1200page book .	忘了花费基督圣诞节 , 看看电影或假期的假期 , 阅读1200平均书 。
terry lundgren is chief executive of macy's , the company that owns macy's and bloomingdales department store .	特里瑞瑞瑞格nre是马尔的首席执行官 , 公司的公司认为自己的男性的男性和衣服部门 。
very possibly , whatever surprises you will occur in a group situation like a class , conference , convention or meeting .	很可能是 , 很可能是 , 你将会在一个小组的情况下 , 会议、会议、会议、会议、会议或会议或会议 。
we generally trust our capacity to manage ourselves , but we do not trust the capacity of others to manage themselves .	我们通常确信我们自己的能力 , 但我们不能信任其他人来管理自己的能力 。
vietnamese deputy foreign minister pham binh minh calls the talks , which ended monday , productive .	维特纳纳纳米·布林在今天晚些时候 , 维特纳纳纳米·布林·布林·布莱恩·布莱恩·布莱恩·布莱恩在今天晚些时候 , 今天结束了 。
invoke loud you heart trouble ... follow the rhythm ... zedoary their hair together nerve ... !	避免你听到麻烦...随后 , 让你们的头发一起 , 把头发放在一起...
the key points of the operation and the stripping methods and effects of the defective chromium deposit were introduced .	介绍了运行的关键点 , 给出了缺陷技术的缺陷方法和效果 。
if modulus matches the sign of the denominator , then the result of division truncates toward minus infinity .	如果模块匹配了缺陷者的信号 , 然后 , 分歧原则的结果将导致分歧原则的信号 。
objective to study the effect of nasolacrimal duct reconstruction for refractory congenital dacryocystitis with ktp laser .	目的探讨纳米亚胺-二维结构的效果 , 探讨其反射连续结构的效果 。
you have a single messaging engine that gets created automatically when you add the cluster as a member of the si bus .	你有一个单个消息引擎 , 可以自动地创建一个自动的消息工程 。
a flat surface will block the wind flow and also create a dead water region to trap the bug before it is squashed .	玻璃表面将包装风流 , 同时也创建了深水区域的水区域 , 使它在平方平方向之前 , 是平方的 。
the report finds the united states continued to be the main country of destination for asylum seekers of all nationalities in 2008 .	报告发现 , 美国仍然继续成为2008年 , 美国的主要国家人员 , 美国在2008年 , 2008年 , 美国发现 , 美国仍然是美国的主要国家 。
any number of response text documents can have their rich or plain text body field appended to an email message .	任何响应文本文档文档可以有丰富的或塑料文本身体 , 适用于电子邮件消息 。
murrieta boasts an educated , highincome population comparable to communities in san diego and orange counties .	目前 , 穆里斯特纳博士预测教育 , 高收入人口能够比较安全的安全和橙色国家的社区和橙色国家的社区 。
the panel is a nonvoting one , but even fda advisory panels which don't vote are still reviewed by the agency .	通道是一个非投票的 , 但即使是今天 , 不过今天 , 没有vote还是vote仍然被审查的 。
under the market condition that has formed 10 years afore and experience , can more companies are joined , will build an industry chain .	市场条件下 , 在市场条件下 , 已经形成了10年以来 , 更能加入公司 , 将建立工业链 。
" you need a cut to force the institution to make changes to the system , " says berkson , who coordinated the budget deliberations .	伯克逊说: " 你需要一个计算机来改变系统 , " berkkkkson说: " 你需要一个计算机来改变系统 , " berkkkkson说 。 "
journalists learned that the previous inspection , guicheng has ordered two " five noes " in the construction of the plant work .	记者们学习 , 广东已经有两个 " 五个小说 " 的 " 五个小说 " 的建筑 。
he's the author of perfumes: the guide , and the subject of chandler burr's 2003 book the emperor of scent .	他的作者是:指南 , 指南 , 查尔·布尔·布尔·布尔·布尔斯的主题是2003年的2003年书籍的专家 。
aibullet television ltd is a integrated video production , market research , planning , design and delivery of integrated services company .	aibulletet电视ltd是一个集成的视频产品、市场、市场、计划、计划、设计和完成的视频电视公司 。
to provide customers with high quality fashion products , and do a good job for every one thing ' is used to one style of qadir .	为了提供客户提供高质量的产品 , 为每个东西每个东西都是用来的 。
because of the common offset working mode of gpr , there are large amount of horizontal coherent noise in the gpr record .	由于gpr通常的办公室工作模式 , 在gpr记录中 , 由于gpr的共同工作模式的通常工作模式 。
what does the new science tell us about how corina's 28yearold brain produced corina's 28yearold mind ?	新科学告诉我们 , 新科学告诉我们如何在28岁的28岁的28岁的大脑中产生了什么 ?
we went to the seaside , the same blue sea and sky , on the beach sundrenched , is piece very enjoy it .	我们走到海岸 , 同样蓝海和天空 , 在海滩上 , 海滩上 , 是非常享受它 。
sagittarians are positive people ; they have a bright outlook on life , are enterprising , full of energy and vitality .	萨格利亚人是积极的人 , 它们有一位亮在生活上 , 是企业 , 是企业 , 全部能源和维护力 。
in general , wastes do not have or exhibit an intrinsic hazard of infectiousness , except in very specific cases .	通常 , 废物并没有或展示感染性的严重危害 , 除了很特别的例子 。
but nothing of the kind happens . instead , the arpeggios evolve through a succession of gently unexpected harmonies .	然而 , 没有什么事情 , 阿格拉布斯先生进入了一场全球未预期的危害 。
objective:to study the content of tyrosinase in the blood and hemorrheology in vitiligo animal pathological pattern .	目的:探讨血液中毒素含量的含量及肝脏病理模式的含量 。
all jcss gases are assigned their values using gravimetric standard gases analyzed by the government agency .	所有的jcssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
this step , however , is the one that has caused the most intense frustration in prebiotic chemistry research for the past several decades .	然而 , 这个步骤之一 , 是在前几十年内最常见的化学化学研究中引起的一步之一 。
each contestant was given a towel to sit on and to cover themselves when naked , but only after they had stripped completely .	每个有趣的餐厅都给了一个玩具 , 坐在床上 , 然而 , 只有在他们完全的时候 , 只有只有在他们的名字上 。
it provides a single and complete view of customers , partners , products , and business through data warehouses or federation .	它为客户提供了一个单一和完成的观点 , 合作伙伴 , 产品 , 产品和业务通过数据仓库或联合数据仓库或联系 。
a company may sometimes resort to selling at a loss in order to force its rivals into bankruptcy , and then dominate the market .	公司可能有时候 , 公司可能会有时候收集在损失的损失 , 为了把它的风险收入银行 , 然后把市场做出决定市场 。
normally when using git , you can assume that your repository is a little bit behind what is located on kernel . org .	通常使用git , 您可以假设您的存储库是在kernel之后 , 然后在kernel上 , 或者g 。
now our electricity , phone , insurance and cable bills are automatically withdrawn from our account each month .	现在我们的电力、电话、保险、保险、保险、保险、保险、保险、保险、保险和账户都是自动的 , 每个月都是我们的帐户的帐户 。
thus he tried to alter and abolish the unequal treaties , limited and cancelled western powers' privilege in china ;	因此 , 他试图把独特的治疗、限制、限制、限制、限制、限制西方的西方的西方权力的特权 ;
if i focus the rays of sun with a burning glass , even in the coldest days of winter , i can kindle a fire with ease .	如果我注意到太阳的速度 , 即使在冬天的冬天里 , 我可以用一杯火焰 。
the government should take appropriate policies to assure these western enterprises' leading status in the technological innovation .	政府应该采取合适的政策 , 以确保西方企业在技术创新中的领导地位 。
therefore , if god sees us through the eyes of his beloved son , then we ought to start seeing ourselves through jesus as well .	因此 , 如果上帝看到了我们的眼睛 , 然后我们想从耶稣和华看到自己的眼睛 。
but to a broadminded one , difference means richness in colors and postures and diversity embodies unity and harmony .	然而 , 对于一个宽阔 , 不同的意味着颜色和姿态和姿态和多样性的体现象 , 与谐 。
creative industries and nonwoven bag close economic ties , its nonwoven bag huge impetus to the development of industry .	创造性产业和非风险的基地产业和非风险的经济趋势 , 其非风险的战斗战斗巨大影响到工业发展的发展 。
this paper generalizes the characteristics of studies of lu xu in china this year and reveals the treads of future studies .	本文总结了今年 , 本研究的特点 , 分析了今年 , 揭示了未来研究的趋势 。
the first rule of camping is to keep a clean camp site . you can't leave anything which bears might think is food .	第一规则是为了保持清洁的现象 , 你不能留下任何东西 , 你不能留下任何东西 。
it makes it possible to reach oil deposits that can't be reached vertically like those under a town or a lake .	这使得它可能会使得它能够在城市或湖泊的石油沉积 , 可能会有可能达到石油沉积 。
it's the first time to report that network externalities is one of the import influence factor to imcl , and it's proved .	这是第一次报告 , 网络外部外部外部外部外部外部外部外部外部的重要因素之一 , 是相关的影响因素之一 。
security was tight because of a new terrorist threat . streets were closed . police lined the sidewalks .	安全是由于一个新的恐怖主义者威胁的安全 , 街道被关闭 。
'i think it's great to see a dynamic woman in politics , ' said ryoko okamoto , 34 , an interpreter .	" 我认为这是很棒的 , 看到政治女性的动态女性的女性 , " 爱里奥说 , 这是34岁的 , 34岁的 。
air france industries will begin installing the enhancements at its le bourget airport facility near paris in 2012 .	航空工业将于2012年 , 将开始在其法定机场机场机场机场设施的增强 。
the public media places " benshan culture " into a new circumstance , and provides the opportunity for its further development .	公共媒体媒体地位 " 成为一种新的循环 , 为其进一步发展提供了机会 。
because high us interest rates tend to cause the dollar to appreciate , they are likely to make an already large trade deficit larger .	因为高用户兴趣率依然引起美元 , 它们可能会使他们已经得到更大的贸易损失更大 。
the type of conduction had been widely used in electronic tubes of radio , television and many other modern devices .	在电子管、电视电视台、电视和其他现代设备广泛应用于电子管电视台电视、电视、电视和电视等现代设备广泛应用 。
in the serene riverside town , the pace of life is entirely subject to the gentle flow of the tinkling streams .	在海里河流中 , 生活的过程完全是直接引起的 , 生命的流动的地方 。
in june , a group of suicide bombers and gunmen launched a deadly attack on the luxury intercontinental hotel .	七月 , 一组成员和枪枪枪在卢克斯内部酒店附近的一组超级酒店里 , 一组成员和枪枪在一起袭击了一直攻击 。
if the object were indeed a flying saucer , recovering it could potentially be worth millions or billions of dollars .	如果对象确实是一个飞行器 , 重新恢复它可能是多数百万美元或百万美元 。
dna mobility is related to its charge and the average size of the fragment as it twists and tumbles through the gel .	dnana的动力是相关的 , 与它的框架的平均大小 , 由于它的框架的平均大小 。
the contents of cichoric acid in introducing plant of echinacea purpurea in china were assayed by hplc .	通过hplplc分析 , 阐述了我国的选择酸含量的含量 。
mr . thomas is making a long distance call . please wait for a few minutes . would you like some coffee or tea ?	奥巴斯先生是为了等待几分钟 , 请等待几分钟 , 你会喜欢咖啡或茶 ?
the two to three founders saying that each of them owns x amount of newco and assigning all of their ip related to this venture to newco .	两到三个发现者说 , 每个人都说 , 每个人都是自己的xco数 , 然后把所有ipip与新co的ips相关的ips相关的ips相关的 。
by appreciating and analyzing some compositions , we can rationally ponder upon chinese modern oil painting’s present situation .	通过评估和分析一些组成 , 实际上 , 探讨了中国现代石油画的现代油画的现代化情况 。
when general leclerc called them traitors and said: " how could you , the french , wear someone else's uniform ? "	通常 , 莱克·斯克尔克称为他们的交易者 , 说: " 你能说 , 法国 , 你们 , 法国 , 听到一些人自己的独立的单位吗 ? "
research on the effect of laser igniting characteristics caused by doping graphite into b/kno3 with photoacoustic detection method .	针对激光检测方法的影响 , 研究了采用光学检测方法的激光检测特征 , 得到了光谱检测方法的影响 。
the contribution of platelets to hyperacute rejection of both allografts and xenografts is well recognized .	塑料电池的贡献是为了认识的 , 两组合合合合物和xenoft软件的混合物 。
in hong kong , it has only been recorded in sunset peak ; the locality is within country parks under protection .	香港 , 在香港 , 只有在阳光峰会上记录 , 地方安全在全国公园里 , 在保护下 , 全国公园的公园里 , 只有在香港 。
children's songs play an important part in children's education not to be replaced by other forms of poetry .	孩子们的歌曲在孩子教育中扮演了重要组成部分 , 不要通过其他诗歌来解释 。
what a vivid picture! just as the picture depicts, there are so many things or desires that the man has to bear or to seek .	虚拟图片 , 只要图片的照片 , 还有很多东西 , 还有很多东西 , 这些人必须要找到的东西 。
the report also predicts that continuing instability in the middle east will probably keep pushing prices up into the spring .	报告还预测 , 中东部的持续稳定性 , 可能会保持购买价格的增长 。
another factor intel mentioned: companies building out on the backend to take advantage of socalled cloud computing .	另外一个因素 , 还有一项因素 , 公司建立了公司建立在后来采取的优势 。
based on the analysis of the development trend of transportation statistics , this paper puts forward " transportation accounts " concept .	基于运输统计的发展趋势 , 提出了 " 运输 " 运输帐户 " 概念 " 概念 " 概念的概念 。
not only students but also teachers were inspired by the news that wang leqing was admitted to qinghua university .	不仅仅仅仅仅有学生 , 还有教师也是由王庆大学的新闻所承认的 。
this financial support allows the society to continue to grow its standards programs and fund future initiatives .	这项金融支持允许社会继续增长它的标准项目和基金未来的基金支持 。
damage model was built based on the rules of projectile dispersion and the principle of armourpiercing mechanics .	建立了基于项目分散规则的损伤模型 , 建立了基于工程分散规则的损伤模型 。
our " slot " system gives you several choices where to place decorative objects on surfaces , such as tables and dressers .	我们的 " 脚 " 系统给你几个选择 , 给你提供一些选择在表面上 , 例如表面和d表面上的定位对象 。
the cradle towers of zhengzhou will comprise of five mixeduse towers swooping out of a ringshaped podium .	郑州的广泛镇工程师将会成功五混合的城镇镇镇流出来 。
you may recall that back in 2006 in the great hall of the people , the beijing summit of the forum on chinaafrica cooperation was held .	你可能会回忆到2006年 , 北京人民的大厅 , 北京委员会会会会主席 。
perhaps most importantly , visiting judges have the opportunity to speak oneonone with u . s . judges .	可能大多数是 , 访问法官对美国法官的机会有机会和美国法官说话的机会 。
note the luteinized cells forming the inner cyst lining at the left with adjacent surrounding theca cells .	注意肺化细胞形成内部周期 , 与周围围围内部周围内部周围内部周期间的细胞形成 。
blood viscosity , plasma viscosity , erythrocyte deformed index , fibrinogen and plt were decreased .	血液粘度、血液粘度、血浆粘度、淋巴粘度、淋巴粘度、淋巴粘度、纤维素、纤维素和plt的降低 。
current coreos linux users can take advantage of a cloudnative platform to reach one of the world's largest markets .	目前 , linux用户可以获得更好的云平台 , 达到世界上最大的市场之一 。
with the computer and the database technology applied in the clothing industry , clothing mtm developed rapidly .	随着计算机和数据库技术应用的计算机和数据库技术 , 随着clothing工业 , 衣服必须迅速发展 。
the personal data collected will be treated as strictly confidential and will be used only for receipting and other communication with you .	个人数据收集将被严格的确认 , 并且只能用来接收和其他通信和其他通信 。
each of the pen heads is separately matched with one of two caps . the liquid tube is arranged in the penstock .	每个pen头都分别与两个猫相匹配 , 液体管都在pentock中转换了 。
from the above it has been proved that the lifetable method is practical and efficient in forecasting the supply of the mch manpower .	通过对上述证明 , 可行的方法是实际和有效的 , 预测mchower的供应器供应器的供应器 。
learn how to improvise when crocheting a scarf in this free crocheting lesson from an experienced crochet artist .	学习如何在这个自由的过程中 , 学习如何改善了如何改善这个自由的切割课程 。
walmart also announced the resignation of clara wong , its senior vice president for human resources in china .	沃尔玛艺术还宣布了克拉拉王的记录 , 它的高级副总统 , 为中国人类资源的高级副总统 。
due to its mild microclimate , graz is a city of lush parks with an almost mediterranean flair .	由于它的小小麦微生物 , 格兹是一个城市 , 由于它的小小麦公园几乎是一城市 。
you sneeze because you've got all these germs inside you and your body wants to get the germs out , so you sneeze .	你是因为你在你身边都得到了所有的德国 , 你的身体希望获得德国的话 , 所以你已经得到了德国 。
this is useful for adding extra information to portions within the block that are of interest , especially if the maps are shared between developers .	这是有用额外的资料 , 将会有利的 , 特别是在开发者之间 , 特别是如果开发者分享的maps之间 , 特别是有用的 。
those colors should be incorporated into your website in some way , even if it’s just in the header image or as accent colors .	这些颜色应该吸入你的网站 , 即使它只是在头部图像或中心颜色中 。
another reality is that if the us is unable to expand its exports , pressure will grow to restrict its imports , instead .	另外一个真实是 , 如果美国不能扩展其出口 , 压力将会增长它的出口 , 压力将会增长其重要 , 智能 。
for maximum safety , do not touch the product , test cables , or any other instruments while power is applied to the circuit under test .	对于最大的安全性 , 不要把产品 , 测试c表或其他设置在电路下 , 电缆应用于电路下 , 电路的最大安全性 。
much of buffett's wisdom stems from this one investment trait: when you don't know what to do , don't do anything .	大多数buffefefefefessssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssdomssssssssssssssss
i was also glad that roger and mother hadn’t let themselves get too hurt by whites bringing up roger’s drug problem .	我还说 , 罗杰和母亲没有让自己的白色的白色带来太伤害 , 带来了罗杰的药物的问题 。
the trick is to constantly selfevaluate and selfimprove by not just improving their productivity but also improving their ways of working .	试验不仅是通过改善产品的生产力 , 而且还提高其工作的方法 。
we certainly welcome oem items to meet the needs of different customer , and we guarantee our quality and punctuality .	我们当然欢迎欢迎各种客户的需求 , 要保证我们的质量和功能 。
" tony is cheerful and friendly , " one report stated . " his detention in hospital is preventing deterioration of his condition . "	" 托尼是很好的 , " 一份报告说 , " 一份报告说 , " 他的死亡是预防他的条件 。 "
in 1954 , there were only a dozen armed robberies in london but , by the 1990s , there were more than a hundred times as many .	19544年 , 伦敦只有一只武装的罗伯伯伯特 , 由于1990年代 , 由于1990年的1954年 , 只有一百次 。
" what they also did is showed me a picture of murmansk at the end of world war ii , and it was an aerial photograph , " he says .	他说: " 它们也在世界战争结束的时候 , 还是一位先生的照片 , " 他说 。 "
this did not occur in a control group of volunteers who were trained in the morning and retested in the evening , with no sleep in between .	今天晚上 , 这并没有发生在控制组的志愿者 , 曾经在晚上训练 , 还没有睡觉 , 没有睡眠 。
exoffenders have gotten particular attention for their efforts to stop gang violence and work with troubled teenagers .	外交朋友们有特别注意力 , 为他们的努力停止加强暴力和工作带来困难的青少年人而努力 。
it is better to distribute obfuscated version of your web content and to keep your original source code for yourself .	更好地分配您的web内容的版本 , 保持您的原始源代码的原始源代码 。
the war in iraq , katrina , and the wall street collapse were the three nails in the coffin of the age of reagan .	伊拉克战争中 , katatrina和sllll街的街道崩溃是三个名字 。
that won an immediate laugh from the cast and crew on the first take , but enthusiasm waned after the first few hearings .	第一次获得了一名名女士 , 第一次获得了一次 , 但在第一次听到了第一次听到了 。
rediscovered from the bottom of that dirtladen heap , it was able to see the light , still in good state . it was such a relief !	重新从那个黑色的底部发现 , 它可以看到灯光 , 仍然是很好的状态 , 这样的信仰 !
my father is center my mother is left forward my sister is right forward my wife is right guard and my brother is left forward .	我的父亲中心是我的父亲 , 我的父亲离开了我的妹妹 , 是正确的前锋 , 我的父亲是正确的 , 我的父亲离开了 。
it is nice to look back and see what we have done together , aware that we are part of a story that is without equal and is ongoing .	这是很好的 , 看到我们一起做什么 , 意识到我们在一起做的故事中 , 没有等等等等等等等等的故事 。
angry with himself , obiwan piloted the speeder up the mountain toward dooku's villa at maximum speed .	与他一起 , 奥巴西在山上拍摄了山羊 , 向山羊的花园 , 最大西班牙 。
we are testing the contents of physical performance can achieve national norms , all the indicators this was our request .	我们正在测试物理性能的内容 , 可以实现国家规范 , 所有的指示者都是我们的请求 。
mebazaa has assembled an interim coalition government and claims that new elections will be held in the coming months .	墨巴西亚已经成员国际煤矿政府和声称 , 新选项将在通常的几个月中举行的新选举 。
wartime commemorations come round so often that the 70th anniversary of the siege of leningrad may seem unremarkable .	战时记忆往往往往往往往往往往往往往往往 , 学习者的收益可能看起来似乎不明显 。
count it , if you had above three among those , so congratulations you , you have already become lechery woman of one row .	假如 , 如果你在这三个人之间 , 所以 , 所以你已经已经变成了一个行动的女性 。
biemang , dug a fire burned the hell you are in an unenviable position , digging as soon as possible to add water .	生物危险 , 由于你在一个不可避免的位置中 , 就像是可能添加水 。
rockfall , a tiny community 20 miles south of hartford , is part of the town of middlefield , conn .	摇滚球 , 一个小社区20英里 , 是中场中场 , 内容的一部分中场中场 , 内容 。
that will again be a friday but it will be at nine o'clock and he will be here so i think that will be a lot of fun also .	这次会再次是一天 , 但它将在九点钟上 , 他将会在这里 , 所以我认为这里我会是很多有趣的 。
we're not sure of the unusual 'stone' finish in place of the usual wood grain , however this is purely subjective .	然而 , 我们不确定 " 人 " 的最终 " 最终 " 的地方 , 然而这是纯粹的主题 。
the retroactivity of construction of law refers to if the new construction of law can apply to the past event and behaviour .	法律建设的回顾性 , 如果法律建设的新建设可以适用于过去事件和行为行为 。
but if you slow down and think about your attention , you'll agree that answering email while browsing the web is impossible .	然而 , 如果你慢慢慢慢慢慢地思考你的注意力 , 你就会同意答答答案邮件时 , 浏览web浏览web是不可能的 。
most of the protesters are said to be in the capital , mbabane , and are unable to get to manzini , a 45minute drive away .	大多数工具都说 , 大多数工具都是在资本上 , 麦巴尼和穆巴尼 , 都不能得到曼谷 , 一个45分钟驱动 。
evenings were spent at the theatre . this ballet told the story of the triumphant building of a hydroelectric dam .	晚上晚上 , 这个球迷们告诉了一座水电坝的三层楼楼的三层楼楼 。
i like to use this tactic in lowkey situations , like grocery stores , coffee shops , book stores , etc .	我喜欢在低震的情况下 , 比如集群店、咖啡店、咖啡店、书籍店等 。
following a small shan told reporters that he is on time every morning get up at 5 , the first thing is to help mothers understand toilet .	随着一个小山告诉记者 , 每天早上每天早上 , 第一件事情是帮助母亲理解 。
for decades , who has had a strong presence in endemic countries , working shouldertoshoulder with local health officials .	几十年来 , 全国有着强烈的存在 , 工作应该与当地卫生官员的工作应力 。
aduh: that movie cat in the hat even shows our legislators fighting on tv . sheesh ! what a loss of face .	uh:那个电影节目 , 甚至还显示了我们的法律师在电视台上 , 爱什 !
there is a wide variation in the amount of these cnv deletions which people have in their genome , with some people having several million .	很多人都有一个广泛的变化 , 那些在他们的基因中 , 有些人拥有几百万人 。
“with a low cost of living and big texascharm , bachelors are sure to find love in this city ! ” rent . com says .	" 我是个低成本和大幅度的生活成本 , 巴克尔是肯定在这个城市里找到了爱 ! " 请注册 。 "
poweridea sparks believes openness is the single most important quality a resource integrator must have .	权力空间相信开放性是唯一的一个重要资源集成器必须有一定的资源集成器 。
fungizone intravenous in powder form should be stored in the refrigerator , protected against exposure to light .	葬礼人员应当停止 , 保护反射器 , 保护反射器 , 保护反射器 。
the semifloating layered burner is provided with a wind blowing coal device and a coal granule screening device .	本系列的层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层 , 提供了一套风吹煤层设备和煤煤层扫描设备 。
the fgets , fgetss , fread , fscanf , and fclose functions also return false on error .	目标 , fget , freget , fscanf , fscanf和fcscanf , 流动函数也返回错误的错误 。
the camera includes a stereoscopic imaging part , a stereoscopic vision information processing part and a motor drive part .	参数包括一个步骤的图像部分 , 一个步骤的视觉视觉信息处理部分和动机驱动部分 。
metabolic flux analysis plays an important role in guiding the genetic manipulation in metabolic engineering .	含有机体流动分析在指导的基因管理中扮演了一个重要作用 。
the kinds of approximations needed to , for example , simulate a firestorm , were in the past computationally intractable .	例如 , 这种方法需要 , 例如 , 例如 , 仿真一个火灾记录器 , 在过去计算机中 , 过去的计算机可吸引 。
displays a list of all of the names of columns in this database that have unique singlecolumn indexes .	在这个数据库中 , 显示了所有列表列表列表的列表列表列表列表列表列表的列表 。
as we geophysicists all know , the definite difference method is a numerical method widely used in geophysics .	随着我们的地理学家们都知道 , 定义的方法是一种有限的方法 , 在地理学上广泛应用于地理学的数学方法 。
new york new signs of surging corporate profits led to early gains in the stock market tuesday .	纽约纽约纽约纽约新闻签名公司的新闻信号 , 于今天 , 新闻公司在股票市场的早期获得早期收益 。
to formulate work plans for dispatching representatives of state stock ownership to the state holding and jointstock corporations .	为了制定工作计划 , 为了解决国家股权权的状态股权和联合公司的工作计划 。
conclusion:il 4 of tibet pig was successfully cloned from the lymphocyte after stimulating 70 h with cona .	结论:4-4-bet管道成功 , 经过70hhhhh , 结论 , 结论4-bbet管道成功的临床临床临床疗效 。
the invention relates to a traction rectification reduction bed with a tiltable former section a tiltable latter section .	本发明涉及交通修复的传统修复 , 使得本发明涉及一种有限的方式安装有限的方式 。
other whole bovine skin leather , without hair on , of a unit surface area not exceeding 28 square feet	其他全体的皮肤皮肤色 , 没有头发 , 没有头发 , 单位表面区域不超过28平方脚 。
memory is a runaway rivers , and we are waiting for the pewww . qq3721 . comople on both sides .	记忆是一个跑步的 , 我们正在等待宠物 。 q3721 。
many dance studios offer special firsttimer promotions that allow newbies to take classes for under $10 , sometimes for free .	许多舞蹈学习机构提供特殊的推动 , 允许新生们在10美元下进行课程 , 有时候 , 有时为免费 。
objective to assess the sensory recovery in denervated wound surface covered with thick spilt skin graft .	目的探讨有关木表面覆盖厚厚厚皮肤皮肤皮肤的敏感性恢复 。
currently , the effective tax rate of mineral enterprises is lower 1526 percent than that of the nonmineral enterprises .	目前 , 矿业企业的有效税率为1526% , 矿业企业的有效税率低于非最终的企业 。
in most species of social insects , such as wasps , bees , and ants , the females rule . the females are the workers .	在大多数的社会指导中 , 例如sp、bes、蚂蚁和蚂蚁 , 女性规则是工人 。
the characteristics of the short circuited fault in low voltage system are studied by means of simulation and experiment .	研究了低压系统的短电路故障特点 , 通过仿真和实验 , 研究了低压系统的短电路故障特点 。
after inserting the contact into the table , the database returned the value of the id column of the row just inserted .	接触表后 , 数据库返回了id列表的值 , 然后将数据库的数据库返回到数据库的值 。
for example , french impressionism or german expressionism , each has its own unique creative ideas and techniques .	例如 , 法国印象主义或德国表达主义 , 每个具有独特的创造思想和技术 。
it comes to a conclusion that the energy comsumption is decreased by applying mentioned methods in summer and winter .	结论 , 在夏天夏天 , 能量消费的结论中 , 利用能量消耗方法降低了能量消耗的结论 。
conclusion no resistance to brodifacoum was tested in r . flavipectus . brodifacoum can be used for rats control .	结论 , 结论没有耐药物对brodifaumum的耐药物进行测试 , 可用于rr-lavivictct 。
the meng age lady starts apt query a key question , " that he does this a batch of maneuvers do many and greatly ? "	年轻人开始了一个关键问题 , " 他做了这个小心的问题 , " 他做了这个小袋 , 很棒 ? "
sam 'spike' witwicky: gentlemen... let me introduce you to my friend: optimus prime !	萨姆斯的wick:gentnnn...让我介绍你去我的朋友:最佳奖励 !
yuxian northerly location , the department of taihang mountain top , is a temperate continental climate .	张家北部位 , 台台台台山部部长 , 是一家温暖的气候气候 。
only in exceptional circumstances dandy may allow client to revoke or amend the relevant instruction or order .	只有在扩展周期的情况下 , 每天才能允许客户可以重新启用或是相关的指导秩序 。
normal circumstances , and macular between the choroid , an extremely thin protection of the organization .	正常的循环 , 和宏观之间 , 最终是一项很有效地保护组织组织的组织 。
have a professional designer of a variety of design styles for you to create , with years of experience in the construction team .	拥有专业设计师 , 为你创造的各种设计方式 , 年来 , 经验在建筑团队建设团队的经验 。
but the real advantage to lambdas is when you create functions on the fly and no variable reference is required . for example	然而 , 实际的优点是 , 当你在飞机上创建功能的时候 , 没有变量参考的参考 。
to find the people , old friends and relatives free search tool people , including 411 white " pages . "	为了找到人们 , 老朋友和相对自由搜索工具 , 包括411个白色 " 页面 " 。
this design , a variant on the double armchair style and just as lightly padded , was shortlived in france .	这个设计 , 在双臂风格的各种设计中 , 只要轻轻轻的传递 , 被短期在法国 。
if you benchpressed 100 pounds this week , for example , then next week you should try doing 105 pounds .	例如 , 如果你在这个周末 , 例如 , 例如 , 那么 , 下周你应该试105磅 。
well , the conception of the universe that was widespread among ancient peoples is one that you're probably familiar with .	所以 , 美国的概念是古代人民的概念之一 , 你可能会熟悉 。
the discoloring process in normal pectin production can be left out . the products possess high yield and qualified quality .	在正常的宠物生产中 , 产品的分离过程可以离开 , 产品潜在高产率和质量的高产量和质量 。
conclusion the key to improve the accuracy of atypical meningioma ct diagnosis is to locate the tumor .	结论:目前 , 为了提高心肌ct诊断的关键性 , 是适应肿瘤的肿瘤 。
the whole work will be completed within two years , drafts of almost all of the manuscripts being on hand and under revision now .	整个工作将在两年内完成 , 几乎所有人类描述的所有人类描述在手中 , 现在 , 整个工作将在整个工作中完成 。
the ekf algorithm is adopted to solve the nonlinear measurement function with radome slope interference .	采用ekff算法 , 用来解决非线性测量函数的非线性测量函数的非线性测量函数 。
in india , it is the corporations that are building giant coalbased power plants which are major climate polluters .	印度 , 是印度的公司 , 是建立巨大的煤炭厂 , 是最主要的气候污染污染物 。
if you have covered induction at all and looked at meller's approach to induction i mentioned it last time very briefly .	如果你们在所有的教育中 , 看着梅尔勒的方法 , 最后我提到了它的话 , 最后我很简单地说 。
an old farmer planted the seeds he bought from the market , autumn came and no harvest , for the seeds are fake .	老年的农民计划了他从市场买卖 , 秋 , 秋秋 , 没有哈利 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 老年的农民们已经失败了 。
the company’s overall gross profit margin grew to 36 . 3 percent , from 34 . 8 percent in the yearago quarter .	公司的总体增长率为36.3% , 今年的34.8% , 今年的34.8% 。
of 186 liver transplant patients receiving sirolimus , 4 developed pneumonitis that was attributed to the drug ;	1886年 , 肝移植患者接受精神症 , 4岁的肺炎是因为药物产生的 ;
" being a parent means being mature enough to help a child adapt to disappointment , " achenbach says .	" 父母意味着帮助孩子适应对消失 , " 阿芬巴克说 。 "
the outbound event sends this metric value from the monitor model of the loan_completionone process to the highlevel monitor model .	外界事件发送了本介质值 , 来自伦敦的监测模型到高级监测模型的高级监测模型 。
however , today than in the japanese rule of korea , its sinister means , what is more trivial difference .	然而 , 今天 , 日本的日本规则比韩国的规则 , 它的军事意味着 , 意味着 , 是更多的行动差异 。
memorial ceremony of qin is quite different from that of zhou and lu in sacrificial time , place , offerings , etc .	记忆常见是由于在安全时间、地方、地方、提供、服务等各种不同的 。
we are even informed that cigarette smoking may gravely jeopardize not only the smokers , but also the nonsmokers .	我们甚至甚至还有信息 , 大量烟雾可能不仅是不仅仅仅仅是烟雾 , 而且也不仅是不仅是不仅吸烟者 , 而且还是不仅是非吸烟者 。
objective: to summarize the clinical experience of professor shaonian fang in treating obstruction of qi in the chest .	目的:结论:总结在治疗胸腺炎的临床经验 , 总结临床经验 。
none of the surveyed materials were found to be suitable for use as impedance matched specular radar absorbers .	研究发现 , 没有发现 , 用来测试的材料 , 适用于改善特定的速率吸收器 。
electrophoretic coating process on the aluminium alloy support used for solar energy heat unit is introduced .	介绍了铝合金合金的电泳涂料过程对铝合金合金合金合金合金的电解涂料过程 。
of course , the sensory effects of coffee , and other warm beverages , like tea or cocoa , can lift your spirits .	当然 , 咖啡的敏感效果和其他战争的感觉效果 , 比如茶或cocoa , 可以把你的精神放弃你的精神 。
objective to investigate the clinical and electrocardiographic character of idiopathic and secondary abnormal j wave .	目的探讨艾滋病和第二次诊断的临床特点 , 探讨其临床和电解特征 。
abstract: to study germination characteristics of mirabilis jalapa and althaea rosea by soaking their dormant seeds .	摘要摘要:探讨微生物和阿拉伯利亚罗斯和阿拉伯利亚罗斯的分离特点 , 探讨了微生物的分离特征 。
introduced the scope of application and structures of multiblade vertical cutting machine and bead insulating line .	介绍了多层垂直切切割机的应用和结构的应用范围和结构 。
the cylindrical container has a wide mouth opening for easy filling and convenient access to the contents .	循环内容器具有广泛的模式 , 便便于填充和方便访问内容的内容 。
rapid climate changes at millennial and centennial scales are one of the most important aspects in paleoclimate study .	中心的气候变化是一项重要的研究中心气候变化之一 。
it is a common problem that the range of applying lien and interrogation is excessive broad in public security organs .	它是一个常见的问题 , 应用程序的应用程序和接口是公共安全组织的公共安全机构的普遍的问题 。
in 2009 china ended a quarantine blockade around a remote northwestern town hit by pneumonic plague .	2009年 , 中国终于2009年末 , 中国终于在北部的一座城市北部的一座城市 。
to address this issue , we have carried out a series of studies of tissue reconstitution by single hscs .	为了解决这个问题 , 我们已经通过单个hssssc的单一研究了一系列的组织恢复方法 。
objective to investigate the etiologic factors of chronic prostatitis following sexually transmitted urethritis .	目的探讨慢性前列腺炎的病理因素 , 探讨慢性前列腺炎的临床因素 。
as the eye health company , bausch &lomb dedicated to perfecting vision and enhancing life for consumers around the world .	正如眼球健康公司 , 巴克尔和布隆隆隆博士认为 , 全球消费者在全球上完善的视觉和提高消费者的生活 。
help pharmaceutical enterprise customers solve problems , the pursuit of human health is our lofty ideal .	帮助医疗企业客户解决问题 , 人类健康的追求是我们的忠诚理想 。
then a new method of block generalization based on street skeletonline and building skeletonline is put forward .	然后提出了一种基于街道关键线的新方法 , 提出了基于街道关键线和建筑键线的新方法 。
at the other end of the spectrum is su ming , who comes from a family of farmers and studies at a university in beijing .	另外 , 光谱最终是太阳的 , 谁来自北京农民和研究院的农民和研究 。
some big firms have begun employing westerners with long experience in the best american and european facilities .	有些大型公司已经开始在最好的美国和欧洲设施的最好的美国和欧洲设施 。
and we can see the truth of the world in our own experience to confirm for ourselves the truth which the buddha was teaching .	我们可以看到世界上世界的真实 , 为我们的经验确认我们自己的经验确认我们的真理 , 这是佛哈教的真理 。
in order to realize the control arithmetic , this paper uses the plc , and designs the programs of both pid control and fuzzy control .	为了实现控制框架 , 利用plc , 设计了pd控制和模糊控制和模糊控制的程序 。
a few days’ break was declared for the religious holiday of eid aladha , beginning on november 17th .	几天早上 , 几天的破坏已经决定了 , 开始在17月17日开始 。
you can submit your own idea or comment on the list on our web site , theatlantic . com , or you can send us a letter .	你可以把自己的想法或评论在web站点上的列表上传递自己的想法 , 或者你可以给我们发送一个信件 。
as these individuals grow more comfortable around each other , you will see more head tilt and therefore more exposure of the neck .	随着这些个人增长的增长越来越舒适 , 你将会看到越来越多的头痛 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此你会看到更多的缺陷 。
other fringe parties enjoyed a record surge in support as voters abandoned their traditional allegiances .	另外 , 另一个环境党在支持中享受了一份记录记录记录 , 作为选民的投票者从传统的传统权利 。
conclusion the hyperbaric therapy for complication of carbon monoxide poisoning is high cure rate and low deformity rate .	结论 , 超ba对碳化钾的复杂作用是高纯度、低效率和低效率的高纯度 。
as a player , denver nuggets coach george karl napped , a ritual he passed on to his team .	正如一位球员 , 突然被抓住了乔治·卡尔德尔的乔治·卡尔德·卡尔 , 他在球队上传到了一场比赛 。
while certain fish are loaded with omega3 and protein , they also contain some mercury , dioxins and pcbs .	尽管某些鱼被丢弃 , 蛋白质和蛋白 , 它们还含有一些细菌、糖尿病和pcbs 。
there is no estimating the pride i took in this grandeur , or the affection that began to swell and grow in me for those people .	没有估计我在这个格式上没有估计 , 或者 , 或者我开始把那个人开始甜甜和生长在我身上 。
figure 1 shows an example of a checkstyle report generated with ant using the xslt task demonstrated in listing 1	图11显示 , 使用xsltltssssltssssltsssssssssssssssssss任务示了一个检查样式的例子 。
a community of central new jersey , a suburb of new brunswick . population , 21 , 731 .	一个中央新泽西的社区 , 一个新的桥梁的郊区 。 人口21 , 21 , 731 , 731 。
this method can overcome the limitation occurred by single evaluation method and meet the need of fine evaluation of acidizing effect .	本方法可以通过单一评估方法的限制 , 通过单一评估方法 , 满足单一评估的需要 。
the rising , warm air forms distinctive anvilshaped clouds , visible in both the satellite and model image .	风险 , 温暖的空气形成了一般的云 , 可见在卫星和模型图像中可见 。
a gadget differs from a bot in that it's a specialized miniapplication that helps you perform a focused task .	这个瓶子里的气体不同 , 是一个特殊的小分配 , 帮助你能做出一个注意的任务 。
nearby muttrah has a charming mediterraneanstyle waterfront and a harbour now used mainly by cruise liners .	近年来 , 近年来 , 近年来 , 近年来 , 近年来 , 近年来 , 近年来 , 近年来 , 近年来 , 近年来 , 近年来 , 近年来 , 目前 , 目前
to support this , three options of command vmdeploymgr . sh are provided which is the main application of the vdm .	为了支持这个 , 命令vmdevmdelogr的三个选项是vdm的主要应用程序 。
although most securities are markedtomarket , this new gaap still allows securities to be carried at historical cost .	尽管大多数证券都被标记 , 这个新加坡仍然允许安全保障仍然可以在历史成本上运行 。
if we want to make national public servants' property transparent we ought to establish and consummate the system .	如果我们想做国家公共服务员的财产透明 , 我们应该建立和消费系统的体系 。
with the development of internet , more and more people start to use bbs forum over internet as their tool obtaining messages and communions .	随着互联网的发展 , 越来越多人开始使用bbbbs网络的开发 , 更多人开始使用bbbbbbbbs网络的工具来获得消息和通信 。
that woman's days were spent in ignorant good will , her nights in argument until her voice grew shrill .	这位女性的日子在很好的好处 , 晚上 , 直到她的声音闪起来 , 直到她的声音 。
pedal down hill while you are at the front of a bunch . cyclists dislike having to ride constantly under brakes .	在你前面的前面 , 坐在一块大楼的前面 , 周期的街道上 , 很快就不断地破坏了 。
the bronx zoo is incredible , fantastic , very wellmaintained , sprawling zoo with so much to see and do .	bronxxxozo是不可能的 , 抗力 , 很好的 , 很好的确定 , 用太多看 , 看起来太多 , 看到了 。
but why would one want to make crosstechnology mixed ui components anyway ? wayne explained some of the usecases	但是为什么 , 为什么要做跨越技术混合ui组件的成部分 ? 方法解释一些使用cascascas的用途 。
under this background , based on jw1h hospital information system , we designed and developed military hospital library management system .	在此背景下 , 基于jw1h1h医院信息系统 , 设计和开发了军事医院图书馆管理系统 。
both fra and nfma strengthen the ability of developing countries to manage their forestry information base for their own benefit .	两个框架和nfma都强调开发国家的发展能力 , 加强发展国家的发展中国家的能力 。
relatively smallscale chemical run off and contamination from us copper mines in colorado proved to be disastrous .	相对小型化学运行 , 由于美国铜部件的铜铜部件的小型化学运行和污染物 。
the patient and 41 other passengers on the flight am098 arrived in shanghai from mexico on thursday .	这个病人和411名患者在上海 , 到上海 , 到上海 , 到上海 , 上海的病人和41名病人和41名患者 。
the innermost zone effect must be taken into account if the required accuracy of tc is at a onemgal level .	如果需要准确的tccc的准确度 , 内部区效应必须在一个mgal水平下进行 。
a heavyduty , highbuild coal tar epoxy coating for the protection of steel and concrete in immersion service .	高建筑煤炭化合物 , 为钢钢和混凝土的保护和混凝土保护的保护 , 具有较高的建筑材料 。
" culpa in contrahendo " in civil law system started in the transition from freedom capitalism to monopoly capitalism .	" 联合国民法律制度 " 的文化 " 是从自由资本主义开始 " 来自由 " 的基本主义开始 " 文化 " 的 。
any of these locations or styles worked fine users who needed to log in would find the way to do it without frustration or error .	任何这些地方或类型的用户都需要使用这些地方或类型的用户 , 这些地方都不需要找到逻辑的方法 。
the indexes have been examined , such as ratio of liver weight and body weight , tg , tc , hdlc and ldlc .	研究指标已检查 , 例如肝重和体重、tg、tc、tc、tc、hdlclc、hdlclc和ldlcc等 。
" this shows that our system integration and research and manufacturing capabilities have reached world standards , " said mr zhang .	" 这表明 , 我们的系统集成和研究和制造能力已经达到世界标准 , " 张先生说 。
4then jesus asked them , " which is lawful on the sabbath: to do good or to do evil , to save life or to kill ? "	第四 , 耶稣问他们 , " 这是很少的 。 " 撒巴斯:要做好好或做好的 , 要拯救生活 , 或者杀死生命吗 ? "
the body of a 19yearold worker named ma xiangqian was found in front of his highrise dormitory at 4:30 a . m .	一个19岁的19岁的老年工作人员 , 曾经在第4:333年前 , 曾经发现了一名名名叫李晓晓晓晓安的男人 , 他的身体被发现在他的高级门前 。
you may also recall that the media referred to this as a " nearsighted mr . magoo " and " trouble with hubble " .	你也可能回忆 , 媒体也会回忆到这个 " 附近的 " 魔法 " 和 " 丈夫 " 。
but after he enrolled in the university of edinburgh , he proved more interested in natural history than medicine .	然而 , 他在英国大学毕业后 , 他在自然历史上证明了更多的自然的自然历史上 , 比医学更有兴趣 。
q . my teenager is involved in so many activities: school , babysitting , church , sports .	问 。 我的年轻人涉及很多活动:学校、婴儿、教育、体育、体育、体育、体育、体育、体育等 。
and it came down to what somebody else said here: that left the election on the other dimension , which might have been character or whatever .	此外 , 这里有些人说: " 下面 " 的选举 " 是否可能是什么 , 这也许是个人或是什么 。
the findings highlight the importance of refining our understanding of the relationship between weight , body fat and disease , says loos .	伦敦博士说 , 这个发现高度对我们的理解、身体脂肪和疾病的重要意义的重要性 , 是我们的理解、体肥胖和疾病之间的重要性 。
friends lists: allow your users to maintain a list of their onsite friends , and see who others have added as friends .	朋友列表:允许用户保持自己的网站朋友 , 然后看到其他人已经添加的朋友 。
politicians talk about wage equality , butmy father has made it a practice at his company throughout his entire career .	政治家们谈到wage平等 , 然而 , 家庭父亲已经在他的公司经历了一家实践 。
in the history , there were such cruel beauty fashions too , such as the chinese threeinch golden lotus and the western corset .	在历史上 , 已经有这样的美丽 , 例如中国三个金矿石和西方的西方公司和西方公司 。
earlier this month , apple granted both vodafone group and telecom italia the right to sell the iphone in italy .	本月早些时候 , 苹果两个月早些时候 , 苹果公司和电信意大利的意大利销售iphone的权利 。
'the concept is to stock your pantry with things you can't get or that you miss from home , ' mr . lord says .	耶和华说: " 这个概念是为了阻止你的事情 , 你不能得到或是你不能从家里的错误 , " 耶和华先生说 。
i agree with victor fleischer's basic premise that carried interest is a fee for managing other people's money .	我同意 , 参观者的基本预示 , 卡里的利益是管理其他人民的钱 。
from a great deal of fogging experiment , getting that the directflash technique can satisfy the experiment .	从大量的混合实验中 , 得到了直接框架技术能够满足实验的实验 。
there is 1500w separated wall type air condition set each in the two guest room , which can adjust the temperature .	有1500ww的墙类型空气条件 , 每个客户房间 , 可以调整温度 。
an arresting image to draw the eye and cover lines that reward that curiosity by presenting an intriguing idea .	一个逮捕图像驱动眼睛和覆盖线路 , 提出了一种有关注意的想法 。
my hands are small ; please don’t expect perfection whenever i make my bed , draw a picture or throw a ball .	我的手很小 , 请不要做完美的时候 , 做我的床 , 画一张照片或扔了一张小袋 。
over the last five years , the chronicle found , their median increase , adjusted for inflation , was 19 . 6 percent .	近五年来 , 慢性发现 , 他们的印度增加 , 调整了联系 , 是19.6% 。
methods the telomerase activity of a 2780 cells was examined by modified trapelisa assay .	方法对2780细胞进行检查 , 测定了2780细胞凋亡活性的临床活性 。
you don't need to make many choices , but if you are wondering what to do , consult the ocap ri project wiki page .	你不需要做很多选择 , 但是如果你想要做什么 , 考虑ocap风险项目页面的话题 。
as a freshman , i won't let you down and i believe that i will do my best to cooperate with this team well very soon .	作为一位新鲜人 , 我不会让你下降 , 我相信我将最好的合作与这个团队很快的合作 。
emily dickinson lived with her unmarried sister lavinia in an elegant house called the homestead .	迪克林逊和她的妹妹拉维尼亚在一家电视家里的一家电视台上 , 称为 " 杰克逊 " 。
then i stayed up the whole night , waving a hardboard to keep mosquitoes from approaching her just like a guard .	然后 , 我站在全晚上 , 等着一个艰难的老板 , 等着很难的老板来保持蚊子的蚊子 。
but when you start thinking about these issues in the context of what you're doing in the meditation , they make it even more stabilizing .	然而 , 当你开始考虑这些问题的时候 , 你们正在考虑到这些问题 , 即使它更加稳定 。
yet in practice , we see that government officials belong to the most criminal and " lawless " profession around .	然而 , 在实践中 , 我们看到政府官员属于最为犯罪和 " 法律 " 专业 " 。
secretary . we're out of time ! you have to give encer acce to the carrion device and have it extracted from the city !	秘密 , 我们是一段时间 , 你必须给出来的车辆设备 , 还有它从城市拿出了它的城市 !
to optimize the acoustics , we've built in a series of ports , each with its own unique purpose .	为了优化理论 , 我们已经建立了一系列体育 , 每个人都有自己独特的目标 。
in 1946 , anna met her future husband general claire chennault , who was a major war hero in china .	19446年 , 安娜在1946年 , 阿纳纳米在中国的未来的丈夫总是克莱纳·陈纳·陈纳纳纳·陈纳纳纳纳纳纳尔·陈纳纳纳纳纳纳尔 , 是中国最大的战争
it needs men who can be prompted without an aim except the aim to be on the move , to function , to go ahead .	它需要那些不能在动机上执行的男人 , 除非没有动物的动物 , 为动物的动物 , 来功能 , 来功能 , 进一步 。
this actually i think derives from a greek word , " synkope , " synkope , synkope .	这个实际上我认为 , 来自希腊字 , " 银行 " 、 " 银行 " 、银行、银行、银行等 。
a further effect is the erosion of city revenues , as the propertyvalue base for such taxes continues to shrink .	进一步探讨城市收益的环境 , 如此税的财产价值依赖 , 仍然继续推动 。
now the m1 is maybe the best bike in motogp , yamaha have great riders , so it looks like they don’t need me any more .	现在 , m1可能是莫图普最好的生物 , 亚马哈已经有很大的危险 , 所以 , 所以他们看起来像他们不需要我那样 。
for all the joy he bring to my life , for every dream he make come true , for all the love i find in him , i will be forever thankful .	为了他带来了我的生活 , 因为他每个梦都是真的 , 因为我在他找到的爱情 , 我会感谢谢谢谢谢谢谢 。
the black ant gains years of working experiences , cooperate with s&w to design special and perfect business plan .	黑色蚂蚁多年工作经验 , 合作和设计特殊和完美的业务计划 。
considering the same characteristic of the large mechanism remote testing , this system can be used in other large mechanism testing process and find farranging application .	考虑了大型机械远程测试的相同特点 , 系统可以在其他大型机械测试过程中应用 , 找到其它大型机械测试过程中 , 系统可以在其它大型机械测试过程中使用 。
one of the most popular recipe apps is epicurious with its 28 , 000 recipes from gourmet and bon appetit .	最常见的是 , 最常见的申请是在28 , 000个目标和bonetetetetit中 , 最常见的申请之一 。
growth is slowing worldwide . it weakened from a year earlier in 19 of 26 countries that reported apriljune data .	增长在196个国家26个国家的26个国家中 , 增长越来越慢 。
traditionalists wring their hands about the " vaporization of value " and " demonetization " of entire industries .	传统主义者为他们对价值的 " 变化 " 和 " 现代化 " 的展望 " 的 " 变化 " 和 " 现代化 " 的 " 展望 " 的 " 变化 " 。
and your cells making transfer rna , if they make a transfer rna molecule that has here , they only put leucine at the other end .	你的细胞将rna转移到rna , 如果他们做了一个传输rnalelelelele的rnale分子 , 只有在另一端 , 只有在另一端 。
relative water content , water saturation deficit , free water , bound water and cell sap concentration were all correlated with pf .	相对水含量、水盐含量、自由水、底水、底水和细胞盐浓度均与pfff相关 , 均与pff相关 。
the two major attacks , one in lahore and the other in quetta , killed more than 100 people and wounded hundreds of others .	两个主要攻击 , 湖泊和其他地方 , 杀死了100人 , 数百人死了100人 , 数百人 。
it seems that there is no obvious law between the difference of flower colors and the content of total flavonoids .	似乎没有明显的法律 , 花花色的含量和总体的含量都没有明显的法律 。
in grand style , the 1996 annual report is made of textured coffeecolored paper created from espresso grounds .	1996年 , 1996年的年轻报告是由文本咖啡咖啡制作的文本咖啡纸制作的 。
way home i strode easy steps , wearing sandals , with my heart , " pops , " sings its song .	家里我很容易 , 穿着沙子 , 穿着我的心脏 , " 诗歌 , " 歌曲 " 歌曲 " 歌唱它歌曲 。
no , i won't be drinking tonight because i am the designated driver . just give my glass of wine to the designated drunk .	没有 , 我不要喝晚上 , 因为我是设计的驱动器 , 只要给我的葡萄酒给我的玻璃杯酒吧 。
at last , the difficulties of research on ladderlike polysiloxane are mentioned , and the development prospect is looked forward .	最后 , 最后 , 本研究的困难 , 探讨了湖南湖南湖南湖南湖南的发展前景 , 探讨了发展前景 。
in this paper the fullscale test results of " the customs 301 boat " with or withoutflume tank and seas are presented .	本文介绍了 " 客户端301瓶 " 的全面试验结果 , 提出了 " 客户端301瓶 " 或没有影响链接和安全性 " 的结果 。
however , there are other volcanic sites , such as mt etna , and volcanoes in china , that may fit the researchers' model .	然而 , 还有其他的火山站点 , 例如mttna和tttna和火山诊断 , 这可能会适合研究人员模型的研究人员模型 。
pandu immediately sent out orders for the finest sapphires , rubies , and diamonds that could be had .	巴uuu在最终的萨帕斯 , 最终的萨帕斯 , 最后一次 , 俄罗斯和钻石的钻石 , 这些钻石可以被送出来 。
make sure you do not get bogged down with pressure and are allowing yourself some recreational activities like movies and dating .	为了确保你不能用压力下降 , 允许自己的一些重复活动 , 像电影和舞蹈 。
she says that among her circle of friends , work choices is the issue that is likeliest to tip their vote away from the government .	她说 , 朋友们的循环之间 , 工作选择是最好的问题 , 就像是最喜欢把他们的问题来自政府 。
leaders of the two countries have reached consensus on adhering to the general direction of joint development and accelerating consultation .	两个国家领导人已经达到两个国家的领导人 , 共同开发和接受咨询咨询的一般方向 。
that's bad news for arjen robben and joe cole and i'm struggling to see how they will earn a regular place in the team .	这是为阿森纳罗伯和约瑟琳·罗伯森和约瑟琳·罗伯森的消息 , 我是如何看到他们在团队的规定的地方 。
in a home stay facility safely , water , enjoy pure water of the comfortable , afternoon 4 o 'clock because rain returns .	在家里的住房设施安全 , 水 , 享受舒适的水 , 下午4点钟 , 因为雨回来了 。
hence , yu yingshi's textual research on the purity of the ideal world in a dream of red mansions holds little water .	因此 , yushshishi的文本研究在红军世界的理想世界上 , 同时 , 同时 , yuyyyyyshishi的文本研究对红军世界的理想世界进行探讨 。
this is achieved through the elimination , or masking , of both planned and unplanned downtime by eliminating single points of failure .	这是通过消除 , 或制作的 , 两种计划 , 由于减少单一点失败的单个点 , 所以 , 这是完成的 。
right arm likelycontinuing recovery , as the left arms remains fixed while the left wrist flexesto initiate the pull .	右臂可能继续恢复 , 正如左臂仍然固定 , 左臂的左臂仍然固定 , 而左翼翼翼翼翼翼翼翼翼翼翼翼翼翼翼翼翼翼翼翼 。
objective: to study the expression of angiotensin ii type 1 receptor in hyperoxia induced chronic lung diseased .	目的:探讨急性肺病患者的表达表达表达 , 探讨hyoxia1型肝炎患者的表达式 。
contains response information returned as a result of a registration lookup table refresh operation on the peer resolver .	包含响应信息返回作为一个重新检测的结果 , 包含响应信息的结果 。
amendements any amendments to this contract shall be in the form of addendum in writing be signed by the buyer and the seller .	建立任何建议 , 应当通过购买者和销售商销售商和销售商签名的形式 。
high speed computing center in institute of space science provides high speed computing environment for students and faculty .	高速计算中心空间科学中心提供高速计算环境 , 为学生和农业提供高速计算环境 。
after having obtained the degree of licenciéès sciences , i entered ourisson's laboratory in october of 1960 .	1960年10月 , 我已经获得了公众科学的协议 , 我进入了西斯逊的劳动学理论 。
gpo's catalog of us government publications — a searchable database of federal publications , with links to those available online .	美国政府公开的一项可搜索数据库 , 与联邦公共的联邦公共有关的联邦公开有关的数据库 , 与这些可用的联邦公共的联邦公共有限公司联系 。
between 2006 and 2010 , the u . s . pto did not award a single patent to any chinabased units of five out of the 10 companies .	在2006年和2010年之间 , 美国照片没有奖励中国的一项专利 , 中国的五家公司的单位 。
although anticipates to make the direction , but zhao wei also stressed that the performance work delimits the rests by no means .	虽然 , 虽然参与了制作方向 , 但赵同时也强调了表演工作承认 , 没有意义的意义 。
second , hayek and robbins stress that the keynespigou skepticism about private frugality is shortsighted	第二 , 哈比斯和罗伯林应该认为 , 关键gopipipipi的关键主义的关键主义对私有水果的关键主义的关键主义很短 。
the spartans in ancient greece were a nation that paid the greatest attention to eugenics and exercised important influences .	古代希腊的西班牙人在古代希腊中是一个国家 , 为了支付最大的注意力和激烈的影响 。
constrained by its size , the virus uses overlapping shifted reading frames to generate the full complement of proteins .	由于它的大小 , 病毒使用超级阅读框架来创建整个蛋白的全部组成部分 。
the second dimension is that you need much more fiscal stimulus — in the countries that can afford it — that is frontloaded .	第二个方向是 , 你需要更多的财政刺激 , 在国家的国家 , 可以使它在这个国家的国家中 , 这样的国家能力使它在前面的地方 。
clean and exfoliate your face by washing it with lemon juice . you can also dab lemon juice on blackheads to draw them out during the day .	清洁和冲洗你的脸 , 用柠檬汁 , 你也可以在黑色的日子里喝出来 。
objective: to modify and develop the syndrome differentiation of threeyang and threeyin discussed in the classic of treatise on febrile disease .	目的:探讨三年和三年的三年分化 , 探讨了三角和三三年的三角分化 。
not in indoor optional piled up some flammable and explosive substances , indoor to absolute forbid fireworks .	不要在门户选择了一些可怕的和扩展物质的选择 , 门户要吸收吸吸吸收bid网络 。
extends capabilities to automatically locate all databases , in both production and test environments , for monitoring and protection .	扩展了自动地自动地方所有数据库、生产和测试环境、监控和保护 。
domestically , our customers include bao steel , handan steel , anyang steel , jiugang group , and other large iron and steel groups .	国内 , 我们的客户包括竹钢 , 手工钢 , 手工钢 , 任何角钢铁、铁组和钢铁组以及其他大型铁组和钢铁组 。
the u . s . secret service estimates that some $1 billion of counterfeit u . s . dollars are printed every year .	美国秘密服务估计 , 美国的1亿美元的1亿美元 , 美元每年都被印刷 。
teacher's professional ethics in tao xingzhi's thought derived from two aspects: history and practice .	老师的专业地位 , 教师们的思想:历史和实践和实践 。
in this paper , selforganize competition neural network is applied in the parameters' identification of asynchronous motor .	本论文中 , 自动组织竞争神经网络在参数参数的识别中应用自我组织的综合网络 。
objective to establish a hplc method for the simultaneous assaying of compound ofloxacin and ketotifen nasal sprays .	目的建立一套hplc方法 , 建立一种基于聚合物的复合物的复合方法 , 建立了一套hplc方法 。
it’s possible the u . s . defense establishment knew that china had cracked the f117’s secrets .	这可能是美国防守建立的美国防守建设的 , 中国已经破坏了117年的17年的秘诀 。
according to a recent survey , about 78 . 9% of the college students want to further their study after their graduation .	根据最近的调查 , 最近的调查 , 约78.9%的学生希望进一步进一步进一步进一步进一步研究 。
there's a ghost often described as harassment of human evil , was on behalf of justice for the eradication of momotaro .	经常被描述为人类邪恶的女孩 , 正是一半的 , 正义上是莫莫斯坦的行为 。
the high aperture ratio is achieved by overlapping ito pixel electrode and bus line using a photo_sensitive polymer .	高温比赛是由于使用照片的光泽聚合物 , 实现高温电极电极电极和电极电极电极电极电极电极电极的高温率 。
and the financial situation for graduates was especially bad , with half saying they had so much student debt they could not save .	毕业生的财务状况特别是坏 , 半人说 , 他们有半人说 , 学生们不能拯救 。
among his hit series , charlie's angels , love boat , dynasty , beverly hills 90210 and melrose place .	其中 , 他的隐藏系列 , 耶利的王子 , 爱船 , 爱船 , 唐代 , 永远是90210和墨西哥的地方 。
the joint un programme on hiv/aids has set up a commission to study the disease and its impacts on development in asia and the pacific .	在hiv/aid上 , 联合国联合国联合国联合国联合国联合国联合国 , 建立了一个委员会 , 探讨亚洲和亚洲发展的影响 。
as rosenblatt notes , criticism of black writing has often served as a pretext for expounding on black history .	作为罗森伯拉博士注意的 , 黑写作的批评主义往往往是黑色历史的前景 。
you should be reminded that you will be disqualified to attend any revelant events about this conference unless you give correct and complete information .	你应该提醒 , 您将会注意到任何相关事件 , 除非你给正确和完整的信息 。
its bold engineer , thomas senkel , took the machine on its first manned flight this week lasting 1 minute 30 seconds .	它的焊接工程师 , 马萨斯·塞斯特尔 , 上周第一次在第一名男性飞机上 , 这个星期上1分钟1分钟30秒 。
in view of my shallow knowledge , the lack of practical experience , the text of the error in the hope that readers criticized .	观察我的神秘知识 , 实践经验的缺乏实践经验 , 希望读者批评的错误 。
at this moment , for me , the heart of earth is this sleepless spring night , greeting this early morning in tranquil meditation .	在这时 , 对于我来说 , 地球的心里 , 这个不睡的春天晚上 , 希腊早晨在传统的时候 , 早上早上早晨在贸易会上 。
“migrants shouldn’t be treated so cruelly , ” says a despairing parent . “they are so prejudiced towards us . ”	" 年轻人不应该是这样做的 , " 一位死父母说 , " 这是因为我们预测的 。 "
the museum showcases animated characters from the studio's catalog of films and has a handson exhibit of an animation studio .	博物馆展示了从学习电影院的动画特征 , 还有一个手术的动物学展示了动物学的手术展览 。
join the flames together about a third of the way or midway from the base of the fire and have the flames separated going up from that point .	加入框架 , 将第三个路径和中间距离火场的一起 , 从火场上分离出来 , 从那个角度分离出来 。
night , quietly into the west , overlooking the earth 's subtle or , how many shadow hovers in the imagination of the edge ?	晚上 , 晚上 , 晚上 , 穿着西方的西方 , 或者在边缘的想象中 , 多少的影像是怎么样 ?
when she whipped her silver mare on her right flank the mare went left , for a horse's first instinct is to flee from danger .	当她把她的银子邮件放在她右边的大楼上 , 为了一个马上第一位希尔的第一位希望是从危险中来自 。
the results show that transverse rolling sheet could create comparatively perfect structure due to the occurrence of secondary recrystallization .	研究结果表明 , 转换辊板可以由于第二次试验 , 由于转换轧板板的结构完美完美完善 。
rfx and dfx move data between the current record of the data source and the field data members of a recordset object .	rffx和dfx移动数据之间的rfx和dfx和dffx移动数据组成器之间的rfx和dfx移动数据 。
coordinating the balance of nitrogen supplicattion and nitrogen requirement by fertilizing made the rice yield stable and high .	结合氮供应和氮要求的平衡 , 使得水产稳定稳定和高 。
furthermore each post with a new queen bee who led the subbed , then , look at the number inside the nest almost no honey .	此外 , 每个人都有一个新的队列 , 然后 , 看看上去几乎没有蜜蜂的数字 。
if johnson left camp with his crew to rebuild a road or a blownout bridge , gilbert waited for his return .	如果约翰逊和他的城市留下了一条路或一条宽阔的桥梁 , 玻尔伯特等待他的回来 。
it has been proved that the adopted diversity heat treatment is a new method of realizing different property on relevant rotor forgings locations .	证明 , 采用多样性热处理方法 , 是一种新的实现不同的机械性能的新方法 。
product description: 1 ) novel appearance , beautiful printing and attractive color can upgrade the package of the drug ;	产品描述:1 ) 小说 , 美丽的印刷和吸引颜色可以提高药品的包装 ;
since then , fathers had been honored and recognized by their families throughout the country on the third sunday in june .	由于今天 , 父亲曾经被家庭认识到 , 由于他们的家庭在第三天 , 第三天 , 第三天 , 父亲已经被家庭认识到了 。
why do so many of us plonk ourselves down in front of the telly with a microwave meal after a tiring day ? because it's convenient ?	为什么 , 为什么我们很多人把自己放下来 , 带着一颗微波的饭后吗 ? 因为这是因为它是很容易的 ?
since json is just plain text with a simple bracketed structure , many channels can exchange a json message .	由于json刚刚和一个简单的框架结构 , 许多通道可以交换json消息 。
drivers and attendants of emergency vehicles , unable to abandon their posts , died where they had stopped to give aid and assistance .	大学和参与者们的职业车辆 , 无法阻碍他们的邮政 , 死于他们的邮政 , 死于他们停止居民和援助 。
kevin rudd made a pact with the voters of australia last night to step forward with them and forge a new future for the nation .	最后一晚 , 关键vindrudrudd在去年晚上 , 与澳大利亚的投票者一起步步步步步骤 , 并忘记了全国的新未来 。
this article studies the reactionmechanism of oligomerization of butadiene and the situation of reaction product utilization .	文章研究了石油算法的反应机制 , 探讨了反应产品利用的作用机制 。
once you start to look really closely , our wild flowers are as intimately beautiful as anything we cultivate in a garden .	一旦你开始看起来 , 我们的野花一直是美丽的 。
this wellpreserved painting is among thousands that were discovered on a 2008 expedition to document rock art in australia .	这个良好的绘画是2008年在澳大利亚发现的2008年 , 已经发现了一千名被发现的艺术品 。
life time is short...everyone has the right to enjoy life , to enjoy beatiful things , including this little gift .	生活时间很短 , 每个人有权力 , 享受生活 , 享受美丽的东西 , 包括这个小礼物 。
the effective up papaya soup red wine , red wine , the official website of papaya soup , wine , papaya soup with effect ?	有效的高帕比亚杯红葡萄酒 , 红葡萄酒 , 官方网站 , 酒吧 , 酒吧 , 酒吧 , 酒吧 , 酒吧 , 有效吗 ?
the results showed that the age of shaoxing ducks and dietary cp level significantly affected the cp retention ratio .	结果表明 , 石油鸭年龄和饮食cp水平显著影响cppp水平的影响cppp注射率 。
the new collections of custom furs around town reveal plenty of folderol , but there are practical things too .	新闻集团的新闻收藏在城市揭示了许多古老的民间 , 却有实践的东西 。
china international pro audio , light , music & technology exhibition undertaken by ceta is held each year from may to june .	中国国际预测室 , 光明 , 音乐和技术展览在一年 , 每年5月以来 , 中国国际预测室都是由于七月举行的 。
therefore , it can be deduced that the doping level of the pani film increases with film thickness during film growing process .	因此 , 在电影增长过程中 , 可能会产生电影厚度增加 。
the imt of carotid artery and the area of carotid atherosclerosis plaque significantly reduced compared with control group .	碳酸酯的模拟和碳酸酯化合物对照组的碳化合物的影响显著降低了控制组 。
this paper summaries the structure of vsam file , and the data space , catalog , protection of data and functions of vsam .	总结了vsam文件的结构 , 总结了ssam文件的数据空间、数据空间、安装、安装、数据和功能的数据和功能 。
methods 358 lesions of 79 stable vitiligo patients were treated 10 to 30 times with 308 nm excimer laser .	方法358例 , 治疗759例稳定性病人 , 治疗10到30 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 9例 , ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 758例 , ~ 9例
relevent suggestions for smooth progress of the 2nd generation peasant workers " citizenization are rasied in the last part . "	最后一部分 , 提出了相关建议 , 建议 , 为了最后一代的两代农民工作人员 " 公民化 " 的相关建议 。
those who preferred agency service enjoyed the agencies in shorter distance , lower cost and managed or supervised by the government .	那些在短距距离、低成本、管理或管理或管理管理者的经理中 , 这些人员都喜欢在短距离中享受的机构 。
the authors then assess their influence on physical and mechanical properties of rock in the three gorges reservoir area .	然后 , 作者分析了它们的影响 , 探讨了三个目标储层区的岩石物理和机械性能的影响 。
if the machine where these servers are deployed is close to the minimum disk or ram requirements , then they should be reconfigured .	如果这些服务器部署的机械 , 这些服务器将密闭到最小的磁盘或ram要求 , 然后它们应该重新配置 。
methods patients were divided into different groups , then all patients underwent renal color doppler energy imaging examinations .	方法分别分为不同组 , 然后 , 所有患者都认识到了肾上腺肿瘤能量检查的患者 。
li glass in no mood to li junkai smile , always wipe out drunk that night with liu qian hui sex scenes .	llas在lnkamile中没有摩擦 , 总是用luqanixsix筛选的夜晚 。
on the other hand , discontinuing effective antidepressant medication during pregnancy entails a 60% or more risk of relapse .	另一方面 , 探讨了预防期间的抗抑郁剂药物 , 包含了60%或更多的抑郁剂 。
results in animal study , lumbricus could inhibit the growth of staphylococci , bacillus coli and bacillus aeruginosus .	结果在动物研究中 , 肺动物学研究 , 能抑制静态腺癌、基础腺素和基因组合物的生长、基因组合物的生长和基因素 。
when there are buildings , they're usually poor structures of mud or adobe that don't survive the rainy season .	当有建筑时 , 他们通常在建筑时 , 它们通常是泥石或泥石结构的结构 , 不能避免雨季的雨季 。
i think this could be a significant turning point . i think the economic crisis has shown up the weakness of uncontrolled immigration .	我认为这可能是一个重要的转点 , 我认为经济危机的危机已经显示了不会导致的动画的弱点 。
and a universal cpldbased controller for twoamplitude actively clamped resonant dclink inverter is proposed too .	提出了一种基于cpld控制器 , 为两个模板控制器 , 提出了一种基于cpldpld控制器 。
a criminal complaint charges mooresaia with stealing substantial funds from wells fargo during her time as a bank employee .	一位刑事诉讼人员莫利亚 , 在她的银行员工的时候 , 一名犯罪的犯罪人员莫利亚 。
other civil servants shall normally participate in the offthejob training for not less than 12 days accumulatively every year .	其他民事服务员应当参与在办公室训练 , 不仅仅仅仅有12天 , 每年的12天 , 每年都要参与 。
the catalytic activated carbon deodorizing device was used for purifying odorous gases in sewage pumping station .	采用催化碳化装置的催化碳脱硫装置的催化剂 , 制备了二氧化碳装置的催化碳装置 。
the geonames geographical database is available for download free of charge under a creative commons attribution license .	地球资料库可用于下载自由的下载载载载载载载载载载载载载载载载载载载载载载荷的基本数据库 。
mistletoe also known throughout history as the golden bough has several different legends associated with its beginning and its meaning .	米斯图也知道 , 金刚刚开始了几个不同的叶子 , 与其开始和它的意义相关的意义相关 。
a particle swarm optimization algorithm for low voltage apparatus blanking part layout optimization was presented .	提出了一种特别开关的优化算法 , 提出了一种用于低压电压显示零件层的优化算法 。
that doesn't sound right . ' and finally the va told me that i was suffering from ptsd — posttraumatic stress disorder .	最后 , 最终我告诉我我我 , 最后我不能听到 。 " 最后 , 最后 , 最终我说 , 最终我是因为我在ptddddddddddddddddds的 。
in the temple courts he found men selling cattle , sheep and doves , and others sitting at tables exchanging money .	在mple课程中 , 他发现了男子卖蛋糕 , 睡眠和狗 , 还有其他坐在桌子交换钱 。
the vbelt equivalent coefficient of friction indicates that the bearing capacity of vbelt is higher than that of flat belt .	vltbe等效系数显示 , vlt具有较高 , vbebebe的优良能力较高 。
children usually have night terrors at the same time each night , generally sometime in the first few hours after falling asleep .	孩子通常在同时 , 每天晚上都有夜恐怖 , 通常在第一小时之后 , 一般在第一小时之后 , 孩子通常在睡眠 。
the incremental cost per lifeyear saved was calculated for all eligible individuals and for highrisk individuals .	计算了整个单个个个个人和高个人个性生活的成本 , 计算了整个人生活的成本 。
others may use the guibased administration tool provided by the container to modify the container based on a specific environment .	其他人可能使用gui的管理工具 , 通过包含包含包含器的包含包含器的包含器提供了基于gui的管理工具 。
licorice is a nourishing herbal medicine . the indication of licorice is expelling phlegm and arresting coughing .	治理是一种新生的药物 , 指示 , 司法的药物 , 药物的药物 , 药物预期的药物 , 药物的药物 , 药物的药物 , 药物预防药物的药物和药物 。
liren rpo consultant process outsourcing service provides part or overall specialized various services to customers during the recruitment .	lrenpoposerererererererererererererererererervevevevevevececeserveveveveveceserveveveveceserervevevevececececesererervice服务提供部分或全面的服务 。
for the past fifty or a hundred years , transferred nationalism has been a common phenomenon among literary intellectuals .	对于过去的五十年来 , 翻译国家主义是一个普遍的现象 。
butyraldehyde glycol acetal was synthesized from butyraldehyde and glycol by using iodine as catalyst .	可是 , 用催化剂作为催化剂 。
this paper surveys interface automata , timed interface automata , resource interface and gamebased idea in them .	本文探讨了自动自动自动、时间接口、资源接口、资源接口和游戏的概念 。
traumatic events , such as the 9/11 terrorist attacks , also tend to become seared in children's memories .	传统事件 , 例如9/1恐怖袭击 , 同时也会在孩子的记忆中搜索 。
therefore , the initiation of semiotic study of the stars is of multidimensionally academic and practical significance .	因此 , 标准半态研究机构是多维学术和实践意义的学术和实践意义 。
students's good or bad will character plays a significant role in achieving teaching objects and teaching task .	学生的好或坏事会扮演一个重要的角色 , 实现教学对象和教学任务 。
that would undo years of reforms introduced by the liberal democrats to resuscitate japan's longstagnant economy .	这将是由自由民主党的改革 , 引入了日本长期经济的长期改革 。
the advanced liquid nitrogen truck in the world has been applicated in oilgas production and has got good effect , which was imported in 1994 .	1994年 , 世界上已应用于石油生产中 , 具有良好的效果 , 进一步的液氮反应 。
sure my strange addiction features people who dress like babies , collect dead things , and compulsively bathe in bleach .	确保我的陌生地址特征 , 像婴儿 , 收集死死死死亡的事物 , 完全是婴儿 。
fdf president ross warburton said the ambition plan showed that members were taking a leading role in developing sustainable food production .	fdf总统罗伯顿说 , 成员们在开发可持续的食物生产中得到了一项重要作用 。
rover had saved evazan again , by surrounding the doctor with his gelatinous form and dropping from the castle wall .	路透斯坦同时 , 路透了医生 , 经过医生的医生们的医生 , 与他同时 , 把医生放下来 。
now let us also retrieve whatever portions of our grid work is our own from others , taking energy only and reweaving the holes and gaps therein .	现在 , 让我们还要重新考虑到我们的gid工作的机会 , 是我们自己的工作 , 只是从其他的能量 , 才能再次重新启动洞穴 , 并且在那里 。
for someone who once subsisted on cookies and soda , the road to a wholegrain , occasionally vegetarian life began with this staple .	对于某些人来说 , 有些人曾经坚持烹饪和苏达 , 道路上 , 十分钟的地球人生开始了这个阶段 。
finally , the " interface effect " and the occurrence of polycrystalline during the vgfgaas crystal growth were discussed .	最后 , 讨论了 " 接口效果 " 和聚丙烯酸酯在vgfg-ga-g-g-g-g-g-g-g-g-g-g-g-g-g-g-g-g-gf-ga-gfgfg-ga
they often retain their telephone numbers , including the area code , when they move from state to state , so it is hard to know where they are .	他们经常保留自己的电话数字 , 包括领域代码 , 当他们从美国移动到国家的时候 , 所以他们很难知道它们是很难知道的 。
methods 11 cases in exacerbation stage were chosen to study . swan ganz catheterization were taken for hemodynamic monitoring .	方法11例探索阶段 , 开展11例 , 探讨了11例手术手术手术手术手术手术 。
the aim of this thesis was to make some helpful research in this region though the research mode which was built in the thesis was still insufficient .	本论文的目标是为了在本地区的研究模式 , 尽管该地区研究模式的研究模式仍然是有效的 。
business first , pleasure afterward , as king richard said when he stabbed the other king in the tower , before he smothered the babies .	业务首先 , 正如王德尔德说 , 当他站在城镇的其他王国 , 前来 , 在他吸烟了婴儿 。
porous silicon and its preparation technology have been used broadly in the fields of microsensors because of its special p...	具有良好的硅和制备技术已广泛应用于微生物领域的微生物 , 由于它的特殊ps 。
it looks as if that safety device is gone in this campaign and nothing will protect them from the hurt of failure at liverpool this evening .	看起来 , 如果安全设备在这场场场场场比赛中 , 没有任何事情将保护他们从利物浦的失败的失败 。
these images are from messenger , a nasa discovery mission to conduct the first orbital study of the innermost planet , mercury .	这些图像从墨西哥 , 海军发现了一项海军发现导弹 , 导致内部的第一项轨道研究的第一次研究 。
my former teacher told me that as an english major i should read major barbara , one of the major plays by g . b . shaw .	我的前老师告诉我 , 作为英语大师 , 我应该读读大巴巴巴拉 , 一个主要的球员之一 。
jerome sans , curator of the exhibit , says liu's work shows one reality of a modernizing china the people who are left behind .	李州的工作人员jeromsssnssssssssnssssssssss , 刘国的工作显示了一个现代化中国人民的现代化现代化的中国人民的现代化现实性 。
with the three treasures he winged his way back to heaven . when he got outside the pearly gates , he decided to examine his mementos .	随着三个措施 , 他在天堂上走出来 , 后来 , 他决定检查他的成员 。
they may touch cheeks , lips , chests , legs , and feel their partner’s hand along their back , thighs , or stomach .	他们可能会触摸樱桃 , 狮子 , 腿 , 腿 , 腿部 , 感觉他们的伴侣在背部 , 背部 , 背部 , 背部 , 或胃部 , 或者胃部 。
the regional climate response to land use and land cover changes of arid region in china is studied by a regional climate model .	研究了区域气候响应土地利用和土地覆盖的区域气候气候响应的区域气候响应 , 研究了区域气候气候气候模型的区域气候响应 。
se plays its biofunction through selenoprotein , of which selenoprotein p is a special isoform with 10 se cysteines .	运动它的生物功能 , 经过敏感蛋白p是一个特殊的周期蛋白质的特殊性表现 。
it showed that the concentration of chci_3 and ccl_4 were higher in waterworks than in source water , especially for ccl_4 .	结果表明 , chci-3和ccl4的浓度比来源水中 , 特别是sccl4 。
also , it should have a few big bombing scenes that could provide moments of action and destruction , so it is likely to be both fun and titillating .	此外 , 应该有一些大型炸弹屏幕 , 可以提供活动和毁灭 , 因此它可能是有效的 , 所以它可能是两个功能和填充的 。
the bus was reaching the hill top and will go downhill after a turn . the right side of the bus was facing an unfathomable cliff .	公共汽车已达到了山顶 , 将下降 , 大楼的右侧面的右侧侧侧侧面是不可面临的气氛 。
“i want to be fair to my employees , ” explains mary ellen elia , hillsborough’s superintendent .	" 我希望成为我的雇员 , " 解释玛丽埃利亚 , 希拉伯利亚 , 希腊希望成为我的雇员 。 "
bookable associated or nonassociated facility such as a commentary position , observer seat , camera position , etc .	书籍协会或非相关设施 , 例如通信位置 , 观察者 , 观察官 , 观察者 , 观察者 , 参数、参数等 。
it has been used by science communicators worldwide to develop strategies for involving the public in decisions relating to science progress .	通过科学通信世界的科学通信者 , 开发战略 , 涉及公共决策略的公共决策略 。
denmark led the pack with 72% of people reporting that they were thriving , while the united states came in at no . 12 , with 59% .	丹麦克和72%的人们报告说 , 他们的报告中 , 美国在北约12月12日 , 美国人群中 , 全国人民币占了72% 。
this article explores these considerations and discusses how an air or watercooled system can help you optimize your mig or tig welding performance .	本文探讨了这些考虑和讨如何探讨空气或水冷却系统 , 可以帮助你最好地提高你的微焊性能或焊接性能 。
there are some differences among them , the temporization is as much as the transcendent , but they enrich and develop the text theory together .	它们中有些不同 , 温度化的差异 , 但它们在一起开发文本理论的基础上 , 发展了文本理论 。
the academy awards started the visualeffectscategory in 1963 , though it was called “special effects” at the time .	学术奖励1963年开始了视觉效果 , 尽管它称为 " 特殊效果 " 的影响 " 是 " 特殊效果 " 。
join exnavy seal richard " mack " machowicz on a wild ride around the globe in search of the ultimate weapon .	加入海豹 " 马克 " 的马克 " 马克 " 的马克里斯在寻找全球最终的武器搜索最终的武器搜索 。
i called my dad and it seemed that he had been waiting for the call and picked up and gave me the address incredibly efficiently .	我叫我的爸爸 , 看起来 , 看起来 , 看起来他已经等待了 , 然后把我的地址给我带来了很有效的地址 。
deals heavy damage to your target over 9 seconds , and greatly reduces their armor . only usable from the sides or rear .	死亡重损害到9秒 , 大大降低他们的肿瘤 , 只有可以从侧面或重复使用 。
the division of malaria control of kenya , working with an international research team , has been monitoring the coverage and impact of this intervention .	马拉里亚控制部门 , 与国际研究团队的研究团队 , 已经监测了这个干预的覆盖和影响 。
it can be deployed within 30 minutes , and its selfmanaging , selfhealing capabilities minimize the need for human intervention .	它可以在30分钟内部署 , 以及其自我管理 , 自我保健能力最小提高人类干预需要的需要 。
pd ports has submitted plans to develop a us$102 million import centre at teesport for the use of a major uk retailer .	pd港口已经承认计划开发美国102亿美元的港口中心 , 为一家主要的英国零售商使用了一个主要的英国零售商使用 。
sentimental , timid and small nonpoint , prince of frozen cold , blunt nerve cavalier , dance big triangle !	注意力 , 小 , 无论 , 无论 , 价格的冷冷冷冷 , 蓝神经节 , 舞蹈 , 舞蹈大角色 !
land disposal laws made it progressively easier for farmers to purchase undeveloped land from the huge public domain .	土地疾病法制定 , 适合农民的农民来购买大型公众域的大型公共域 。
in answer one mode you can set a predefined number and select the number of rings after which the phone should autoanswer .	在答案中 , 您可以设置一个先定义的数字 , 然后选择电话应该自动的字符 。
approximately 20 , 000 employees at over 800 locations worldwide provide technology , system and knowhow optimization .	申请最近20 , 000名员工在世界范围内提供了800个地方世界范围内提供技术、系统和系统的优化 。
the next time you experience one of these emotions and you cannot figure out where it came from perhaps it came before your physical birth .	接下来 , 你经历了这些情绪 , 你不能把它从物理生命之前 , 所以在你的身体生命之前 , 就不能在身体生命之前 。
china , in short , would like to consolidate its industry into companies resembling bloomberg , time warner and viacom , analysts say .	中国 , 在短期 , 就像在短期中 , 公司将会考虑其工业 , 融合公司的公司 , 回顾 , 分析师说 。
if a rac node stops working , oracle will not failover the dtp service until the oracle rac cleanup and recovery is complete .	如果一个rac节点停止工作 , 或者acacle将不会失败dtp服务 , 直到acaclecleclecleclecletcletp服务 , 然后恢复完全完成 。
in the nottoodistant past , a developing nation tended to be seen as a country that lacked access to modern technology .	过去 , 一位开发国家的开发人员 , 看起来是一个国家的国家 , 后来 , 缺乏访问现代技术的国家 。
objective to investigate the evaluation of fdgpet delayed image in diagnosis of malignant neoplasm in abdomen .	目的探讨fdgpet在诊断的诊断中的应用价值 。
this paper analysed the traits of emergence of malodor contamination in summer and put forward corresponding manipulative measures .	分析了夏季夏天夏天夏季的气候污染情况 , 提出了正确的管理措施 , 提出了正确的管理措施 。
methods: by means of colorimetry the complex was determined by combining picric acid and berberine hydrochloride .	方法:通过结合pic酸和柏林羟基丙烯酸的方法 , 确定了合成的复杂性的方法 。
li yiliang was relieved of duties as delegate of the sichuan people's congress due to suspect of taking bribes .	李永阳被认为是由于追求bbbbbbe的 , 由于是由于对此来说 , 李永永永永永永永永永人民的责任 。
word of this follows earlier proposals from political advisors , calling on the government to relax the policy .	此外 , 此外 , 由于政治顾问者 , 来自政治顾问 , 召唤政府重新解释政策的政策 。
the reason why the whitecollars suffer increasing workrelated stress is that they pursue work achievement in career .	原因为什么白色葡萄糖糖含量的原因是为什么他们在职业工作中得到的工作应力是他们的追求工作成就 。
and then all this earthquake happened , i thought , is that karma ? when you are not nice that bad things happen to you .	然后 , 所有这些地方都发生了 , 我认为 , 卡拉玛是什么 ? 当你不错的时候 , 你是否不错的事情发生了 。
when codified , this collective knowledge makes a valuable extension to software patterns and classified as antipatterns .	同时 , 这个集合的知识使得一个有价值的扩展到软件模式的软件模式并分类为反抗器 。
in this article , the recent achievement and application of magnetic polymer microspheres for immobilized enzyme are summarized .	本文总结了近年来 , 总结了磁化聚合物的最近成果和应用 。
elephant trunklike dust pillars point towards the hot blue stars and are telltale signs of their eroding effect .	相反的信号载荷点向热蓝星的热蓝星点 , 被告诉他们的血液效应的迹象 。
but very old unix and linux systems didn't implement the protective mechanism snprintf is supposed to implement .	然而 , 很老的unix和linux系统并没有实现保护机制的保护机制的保护机制 。
if a shipper should use a p . o . box address , the recipients telephone number must be included on the label .	如果船员应该使用p.ox地址 , 将客户机电话数字必须在实验室上包含 。
that is the kind of study that we need to have in order to make a final decision about how long we really need to continue dual antiplatelet therapy .	这是为了让我们需要做一个最终决定的决定 , 我们需要继续两个反方式的研究 。
for whatever reason , i tend to think of him as a lowprofile “insider , ” but his publication history belies this image .	为什么原因 , 我终于认为他是一个低档 " 的 " 居民 " , " 但是他的公共历史相信这个图像 。
vila formerlyequaly sneaked in the goal for the national sports team , this time he scored against england .	维拉拉斯先生在全国运动团队的目标上 , 这个时候他在加强英格兰 。
the parents of old is old son return very jubilate , let an eldest son help its arrange the job immediately .	老儿的父母是老儿子 , 回来 , 让孩子们的儿子帮助自己的工作 , 直接帮助自己的工作 。
the energy centres are located at major branchings of the human nerve system from the base of the spine to the top of the head .	能源中心位于人类神经系统中心的主要分布在人类神经系统中 , 来自于头部的顶部 。
you must trust your instinct when deciding on one specific business motivational speaker to rule and guide your team .	你必须在决定一个特定的商业运动员的时候 , 必须确定你的投资 , 并指导你的团队 。
an initial version of a new connection web site , the clinical and translational science network , will be launched soon .	新连接网站的初始版本 , 临床和翻译科学网络 , 将开发起来 。
breakage is an important factor to influence wetting deformation of coarsegrained materials ; and farther study is necessary .	破破坏是影响煤材料的重要因素 , 影响煤层材料的耐磨性变化是必要的 。
the working principle of 3d scanning with structured light and the system calibration of atos optical scanner are introduced .	介绍了3d扫描3d扫描器的工作原理 , 介绍了3d扫描器的光学扫描器和系统结构扫描器系统的结构光学扫描原理 。
the world health organization has sent inspectors to the granjas carroll farm . the results of the investigation have not been announced .	世界卫生组织已经发表了检查 , 全球卫生组织的研究结果并未被宣布 。
signing signature right have the attribute of personal right , involving status right and personality right , and property right and absolute right .	签名签名权利具有个性权利的属性 , 涉及人权权权和个性权利的权利 , 属性权利和权利权利 。
this article is a perspective study on its physical , chemical , biological properties and the immunochemical detecting methods .	本论文是探讨其物理、化学性能、生物性能、生物性能和免疫化学检测方法的研究 。
general macarthur described the weapon as " one of the strongest contributing factors to our victory in the pacific " .	一般描述了武器作为 " 最强的贡献因素 " 之一 , 主要描述了武器 " 的武器之一 。
but the team concluded that those anomalies were created by jumbling of strata when debris flowed back into the crater after the impact .	然而 , 团队结论 , 这些原子是由超ta组成的 , 然而 , 将这些原子在冲击后 , 然而 , 然而 , 然而 , 这个团队结论在冲击之后 , 后 , 这些原子是在冲击后的 。
likewise must the deacons be grave , not doubletongued , not given to much wine , not greedy of filthy lucre ;	与此同样 , 必须必须一样 , 没有双手 , 不要给酒 , 没有给出多少葡萄酒 , 没有葡萄酒 , 没有葡萄糖 ;
the two size mixtures of grafting starch and pva1799 were blending , and the stability of solution system was analyzed .	分析了移植淀粉和pva179的两个大小混合物混合物的两个尺寸混合物 , 分析了解决系统的稳定性和稳定性 。
the preconcentrated juice is provided to a multieffect evaporator , which removes a second portion of water to form a concentrate .	预测的办法是为了提供多功效的电梯 , 除了第二部分的水中 , 为了形成一个浓度的水体 。
in the summer of 1974 , an ancient junk of sung dynasty was excavated in quanzhou bay , fujian province .	1974年夏天 , 1974年夏天 , 古代官员在苏州湾、福州湾、福建省 。
to say that travel is the luxury – and not necessity – of the fossil fuel generation is an oversimplification .	为了说 , 旅游是奢侈的 , 没有必要的 , 而且不必要的是哲学家的哲学生 。
this is in vertical position . 149 . 9 but i would think that the uncertainty of my measurement is probably 1 millimeter .	这是在149.149.9.9 , 但我认为 , 测量的不确定的是不确定的 , 可能是1亿美元 。
this paper is an analysis on the current situation of internal accounting control within the agricultural research institutions .	本文分析了当前国际会计控制机构在农业农业研究机构的目前国际会计控制情况的分析 。
glass shows chemical inertness in the daily environment and does not react with living things , so it has extensive applications .	玻璃展示了化学意义 , 日常环境的化学意义并不与生活的东西相反 , 所以它具有广泛的应用程序 。
the first total synthesis of squamosamide was achieved in seven steps by us , with an over all yield of 14% .	第一步的总成合成合成是在美国七步中实现的 , 随着所有的14% 。
for example , if the registrar at a university is also taking courses , he or she may play the role of both student and registrar .	例如 , 如果在大学还是在大学上 , 或者她可能会扮演两学生的角色和重建 。
migration results of the seg foothills overthrust model synthetic data shows that this approach is in high imaging accuracy .	集成结果表明 , 这个方法在高像度图像精度上 , 这个方法的合成数据显示 , 这个方法是在高像法的高像度图像精度的 。
we will ensure an adequate supply of agricultural products and increase farmers’ incomes through multiple channels .	我们将确保农业产品的供应 , 增加农民的收入 , 增加农民的收入 。
objective to know mycobacterium culture , bacterial type and medicine sensitiveness of outerpulmonary tuberculosis .	目的了解细菌培养、细菌类型、细菌类型及药物敏感性 。
analysis has been carried out on the main factors which make the whole structure to be simplified , dutylightened and visualized .	分析已经对整个结构的主要因素进行分析 , 使整个结构简单 , 双重和虚拟化 。
synergism of certain essential oils when mixed with other essential oils or synthetic insecticides .	在混合物油或合物化学物质的时候 , 某些物质石油的物质化学主义是一定的 。
this means , there are no hidden elements that could improve the renderings later , making it easier for you to follow along .	这意味着 , 没有隐藏的元素 , 可以改善重复的重新 , 使得它很容易在你跟随之间 。
this example presents graphically , . the confidence level and uncertainty limit of gaussian of uniform r . v . .	这个例子给出了图形的 , 确定的水平和不确定的气候的气候限制 。
the tube deformation characteristics on assel mill are deformation concentrating at shoulder and wall thickness in rolling zone increasing .	管道变形特征在应力和墙厚度下 , 滚滚滚区的管道变形特征下 , 应力变形特征的管道变形特征 。
generally that , do not the history of the private sector is not yet included in the official history of the history books .	通常 , 私有部门的历史并不包括在历史上官员的官员历史上 , 还有历史上 , 还有史上没有进一步 。
the 21st century is info society , and info security is one of the part of our national security stratagems .	二十世纪的211世纪是在社会中 , 足以安全是我们国家安全战略的一部分之一 。
the effects of particle size of tungsten powders and tac quantity on densification and grain size were investigated .	研究了长度尺寸的特殊尺寸对密度和粒度的影响 , 探讨了长度尺寸的影响 。
the drug resistant rates of two kinds of staphylococcus were similar , drug resistance to vancomycin was both 0 .	同样 , 两种植物的药物耐药率同样 , 药物耐药物耐药率均为0.0 。
stealth technologies , target characteristics and detection technologies for the stealth cruise missile are discussed .	讨论了钢铁工艺、目标特征、目标特征及检测技术 。
objective to study high frequency color doppler ultrasound in pulmonary artery place affection imaging on children .	目的探讨高频率色谱超声器在肺动脉上研究高频色谱超声超声器对儿童的影响 。
the third rules are has carried on the numerical control complex components the processing programming as well as the simulation process .	第三个规则在数值控制复杂的数值控制复杂组件的数值控制复杂组件中 , 以及仿真过程的仿真过程的仿真过程 。
objective: to discuss the feasibility of twodimensional ion chamber array in daily quality assurance of accelerator .	目的:探讨两维参数的可行性 , 探讨了在日本质量检测仪的可行性 。
educational ethnography is a research model or method that is applied the paradigm of ethnography in educational environment .	教育创新是一项研究或方法 , 适用于教育环境的教育环境中 , 教育创新方法 。
with the rapid development of industrialization today , industrial accident have become a common personal injury accident .	随着工业化的迅速发展 , 工业事故已经成为一个常见的个人伤害事故 。
however , the poll showed people were less willing to date someone with a lifelong sexually transmitted disease or someone with poor hygiene .	然而 , 污染显示 , 人们不会与生活长度转移疾病 , 或者有人与贫困的疾病或有人有关 。
using coordinate rotation based on pwave particle vibration , aligning the source components at different depths have been achieved .	通过基于p波粒子粒子粒子振动的协调旋转 , 实现了不同死亡的源组件的源组件 。
electric heating pads are cumbersome , generally inflexible , and don't work away from a source of electricity .	电动热pas是数字 , 通常是灵活的 , 而不能从电力源来自电源的电源来源 。
" zhuangzi " is the the warring states period zhuangzhou's works , which is one of the important classics of taoism .	" 张家 " 是一次战争状态 , 张州 " 是一位战争的工作之一 , 是泰国主义的重要经典之一 。
the other compounds or treatment concentrations had no clear attractive or repellent action against the female adults .	其他复合物或治疗浓度没有明显吸引或恢复活动 , 再次对女性胰岛素的活动 。
oblivious to its cause , this scientist called the photography company and ordered a replacement for the " defective " film .	目前 , 科学家们称为 " 缺陷 " 的 " 缺陷 " 的电影公司 " 的科学家 , 科学家们称为 " 缺陷 " 的电影公司 " 的科学家 。
today and the coming next 10 days , i will be doing overtime at chq due to the huge amount of customer orders .	今天 , 今天和下一天 , 我将在chqq上做的时间 , 因为大量客户数量的客户命令 。
he said he would ask congress to increase aid to pakistan but in return he expected pakistan to tackle the safe havens .	他表示 , 他将要求国会提高巴基斯坦 , 但在恢复巴基斯坦 , 希望他预计巴基斯坦的巴基斯坦人攻击安全的安全 。
if i use mms early and wisely , i may never have another cold , bronchitis , flu , or pneumonia in the future .	如果我使用mmmmms早期和winse , 我可能不会有另一个冷却 , 新生 , 新生素 , 或肺炎 , 或肺炎 。
maybe there will be some kind of backlash when they hit adolescence , but at least they will have had most of their lives to assimilate the information .	或许 , 可能会有些背景 , 但至少 , 至少他们会有大多数的生活 , 至少他们的生活都会有一些背景 。
eclipse lets you automatically generate the hashcode and equals methods for your classes so you don't have to do it yourself .	eclipse允许你自动创建了ahscodedede和equalal方法 , 所以你不需要做自己的方法 。
the architect determines which use cases can be implemented by preexisting applications or services and which use cases need to be constructed or extended .	建筑确定用例可以通过预定应用程序或服务器实现 , 使用例子需要建立或扩展 。
we should rather recognize in it the speculative spirit of our language rising above the me 'eitheror' of understanding .	我们应该认识到我们的语言的特殊精神 , 应该注意到我们的语言风险的理解 。
because microflows perform better than longrunning processes , use a microflow for your proxy process implementation if possible .	由于微流性能比长期运行过程更好 , 使用一个微波流程实现的微波流程实现 , 如果可能会有可能 。
but the stapes would not take on its familiar role as a component of the terrestrially adapted tympanic ear for millions of years .	然而 , 恒星不会在其熟悉角色作为一个特定的角色的组成部分 , 特别适应了几百万年来 。
kim jongil inspects the newlybuilt kanggye farm at chagang province . photo released on december 11 , 2009 .	2009年12月11111日 , 约瑟琳检查了新建筑kanggy农业的新建筑 。
red colobus monkeys would be among the primates most threatened by warminginduced leaf changes , a new study says .	新研究报告说 , 红色布鲁斯猴将是由温暖的叶片变化的主要事物之一 , 一项新的研究表明 , 一项新的研究表明 , 红色的猴子会在原因之间 。
inspired participation in your game is choosing to engage in something that matters to you , playing it fully and enjoying it .	在游戏中 , 请参与你的游戏 , 选择在某些事情中 , 玩耍它 , 充分享它 , 享受它 。
you shouldn't ask your date if they're having a good time , and you shouldn't ask the interviewer how you did at the end of the interview .	你不应该问你们的日子 , 如果他们有好时间 , 你不应该问你们在采访的结束之后 , 你不应该问你如何在采访的结束 。
and us retail major walmart has ruled that from 2008 , all its deep freezers in the us and worldwide will be lit up with leds .	美国零售主要的沃尔玛艺术已经从2008年运行了 , 所有的深刻的法国人在美国和世界范围内 , 世界各地的深刻的农民将会在美国和世界各地的深刻的自由化 。
the authors noted that prospective , randomized , placebocontrolled trials are needed to confirm the findings of this observational study .	作者注意到 , 随机化 , 需要对此观察研究的结果进行确认 , 这些观察研究的结果进行分析 。
you know no more about unicorns than i do , for i've read the same books and heard the same stories , and i've never seen one either .	你不知道我做的 , 因为我已经读了同样的书籍 , 听到同样的故事 , 听到了同样的故事 , 我从来没有看到另一个字符 。
he says p2p players do almost everything that banks do—market products , evaluate borrowers , underwrite and service loans .	他说 , p2p玩家几乎所有的银行都做了一切 , 比如银行产品 , 评估出浏览者 , 评估了浏览者、认识和服务贷款 。
in the case of the sales house the program required linear movement from one end of the building to the other as a device to move people through .	在销售中 , 销售房子的程序需要的线性运动 , 从一个建筑到另一个建筑到另一个设备的设备中运动 。
tea attained the prime in tang dynasty , which spread from southwest china through yangtze river over thousands of years .	茶茶在唐代 , 是从中国西南部西南部西南部西南部西南部西南部西南部的 。
after a long day at the office , you might be inclined to stagger home and collapse in front of your new flatscreen television .	在办公室之后 , 你可能会在办公室前站在家里 , 然后在你的新台前 , 还有一段时间 。
in india , 8 . 6% of girls aged between 15 and 19 are having babies ; in nepal , that figure tops 10% .	印度 , 8.6%的女孩在15岁之间 , 女孩年龄为15岁之间 , 死亡率为15岁 , 死亡率下降 , 死亡率为10% 。
kate's story examines kate's life as a photographer and accessories buyer , as well as being a party girl .	凯瑟的故事考试是一个照片和访问者 , 同时也是党的女孩 。
everyone can make you smile . many people can make you cry . but it takes someone really special to make you smile with tears in your eyes .	每个人都可以让你微笑 , 很多人都可以哭哭 , 但它带来一些特别的特别是让你在你的眼睛里的微笑 。
as former marine and dog handler mike dowling put it in an interview , " as long as the dog is with the handler , he's loving life . "	正如前海洋和狗迈克·迈克·迈克·迈克·迈克·迈克在一次采访中 , " 长期的狗和狗在一次采访中 , 长着狗 , 他的生命 。 "
also while he was at disney , burton developed his blackandwhite short frankenweenie , about a boy who revives his dead dog .	同时 , 布尔顿开发了他的黑色的黑色短裤 , 大约有一名男孩 , 大约有一名男孩来到了他的死狗 。
one expert argued that , for years , the united states has underinvested in technologies to make automobiles more fuelefficient .	一位专家认为 , 美国已经在科技中得到了一项专家认为 , 美国的专家们已经在科技中得到了一项专家认为 , 使自动性更多 。
people who are worried about losing their jobs do things that keep them from getting laid off they drink less and take fewer risks .	人们曾经担心关于失业工作的事情 , 使得他们的饮料减少 , 减少饮料 , 减少一些风险的风险 。
pointing at a large concrete building in central zlitan , the man added: " they have a close watch on all our movements .	点点点点点点在中央zalan中心的建筑上 , 男人补充说: " 他们在我们的运动上都有一个衣服 。 "
hi frank if u had to release a single wot type of stuff would using about and would u like to do a duet wiv anyone ?	如果uuufrank已经释放一个单一的木材 , 可以使用 , 可以用来做一点 , ufuk则想做一个双维维维任何人吗 ?
but when it comes to studenttofaculty ratio , their rankings drop , with tsinghua at 22th and peking at 23rd .	然而 , 当它来到学生比赛时 , 学生们的跑步下来时 , 他们的跑步下来 , 新华沙在2223分之前 , 和23rd之间 。
the paper has put forward a new method for quickly and accurately predicting the shelf life of silastic with the least experiments and cost .	提出了一种快速和准确的预测方法 , 提出了一种新的方法 , 最终预测了最小的实验和成本 。
also check out your cellphone or pda—you'll never miss a deadline when your schedule is in your pocket or purse .	还要检查你的细胞手机或星期的时候 , 就不会错过你的时候 , 就不会错误 。
in fact , susquehanna says , in january “kayak was priceline’s fifth largest source of traffic worldwide . ”	事实上 , 苏珊娜说 , 在一月 , 日本 " 的 " 天空 " 的第五大源 " 是世界贸易世界第五大源 " 。
we want 4 . 000 friends to our account only from greece and who will be mainly be advertising companies or type centers !	我们希望4000个朋友只能从希腊 , 谁将主要是广告公司或类型中心 !
those who believe that transparency has inherent value , or that it should be the norm , may initially have difficulties with this approach .	这些人认为 , 交易者相信 , 还有其他价值 , 或许应该是正常的 , 可能是这样的方法 。
you can use this technique when you need to separate an input array into two or more smaller arrays based on criteria in the input data .	您可以使用这个技术 , 当您需要分离输入一个输入一个输入一个输入一个输入的输入器 , 基于critia的critia数据中 , 您可以使用这个技术 。
the dow jones industrial average rose 178 . 08 points , or 1 . 53 percent , at 11 , 836 . 04 .	大约琼斯工业平均平均178.08点 , 08点 , 或1.5333% , 在1111 , 836.04 。
it's a step up , procedurally , from the bigbang model , in that it at least requires some idea of what the product requirements are .	这是一个步骤 , 来自大唐模型 , 至少要求产品要求的产品需求是什么 。
high quality steamed bread was made with adding a proper quantity of baking soybean flour or dietary fiber made from soybean hulls .	采用高质量稳定宽宽度 , 制作了高质量的高质量稳定性能 , 制作了从南北湖湖南部的高质量稳定性纤维 。
the chemist jeanbaptiste dumas , french minister of agriculture , was charged with stopping the epidemic .	化学家janbastetetema , 法国部长 , 由于农业部长的农业部长 , 被认为是由于停止药物 。
lee scott , the boss of walmart , the world's biggest retailer , is said to see great scope for improving his supply chain .	李凯特 , 世界最大的零售商 , 是为了提高自己供应链的供应链的最大的零售商 , 是世界最大的零售商 , 正在希望世界最大的零售商品 。
and , israel continues to amass ground troops around gaza in preparation for a possible ground offensive .	并且 , 伊拉拉尔继续在加扎扎扎扎扎扎扎扎的准备 , 为了制备可能的地面的地面 。
tourists go to the beach , they go to lamu island , they go to malindi , they go to mombasa , they sit and drink beer .	旅游家去海滩 , 他们去拉米兰 , 去拉米兰 , 他们去马林迪 , 去了马林迪 , 他们去了摩西亚 , 他们坐上了 , 坐在海滩上 。
sife is an incubator , breeding a lovingheart , nourishing selfconfidence and producing many a young group which can do well .	sifs是一个急救者 , 带来了一场幸存的地方 , 保护自信和生产的年轻的年轻组 , 生产了很多年轻的年轻的年轻组 。
it is the cunning of reason , no doubt , but one has to recognize the cunning of the reasoner , and take one's hat off to him .	这是原因 , 没有疑问 , 但有人必须认识到原因的原因 , 然而有一个原因 , 然而 , 还有一个原因的原因 。
more gratifying is the fabric after cold rolling feel softer , quality improves , as benign and usher in a new customer .	更多的成熟是冷轧的织物之后 , 质量改善 , 作为新客户的新客户的新客户 。
using pictures taken with the spitzer space telescope , scientists first removed light from closer stars and galaxies .	用照片用照片与西西西班牙航空技术 , 科学家首先从俱乐部和加拉克斯和加拉克斯和加拉克斯的光照片中删除光灯 。
help your child set her own achievable goals she'll learn to take pride in herself and rely less on approval or reward from others .	帮助你的孩子设立自己的成绩目标 , 她就学会学会在她自己和自己的价格 , 很少 , 还是从其他人身上获得价值或奖励 。
second , libya's cities and oases are islands in a sea of sand and of pivotal importance as supply depots .	第二 , 利比亚的城市和奥巴比亚的城市 , 岛屿在沙漠和沙漠的沙漠和猪肉港口 , 为供应提供供应的供应 。
other names for this bird are celebes imperial pigeon , celebes green imperial pigeon and green imperial pigeon .	另一个名字为 " 小鸟 " 的名字 " 是 " 小型 " 、 " 小型 " 的绿色 " 和绿色保护管 " 的其他名字 。
keep it clean , clear , pseudo impartial , but definitely focused on benefits for specific customers .	保持清洁 , 清洁 , 清洁 , 清洁 , 清洁 , 可是 , 最终关注于特定的客户的利益 。
a major part of economic theory deals with largescale phenomena such as stock market fluctuations or gross national products .	主要的经济理论与大规模现象的一部分 , 如股市市场流动或增长国家产品的主要部分 。
step 7: social life giving yourself a break from the activity which is stressing you is as good a relaxation tool as any .	步骤7:社会生活给自己的活动带来了自己的活动 , 使你应该是好的解释工具 。
and in the case of the completely inelastic collisions that we have seen last time , we lost kinetic energy , which was converted to heat .	最后 , 我们已经看到了过去 , 我们失去了机械能量 , 这是转换到热 。
also , gypsies may be buying pieces of land on green belts and have little or no knowledge of the administration system .	同时 , gyps可能会在绿带购买的土地 , 还有少或没有知识管理系统的知识 。
spanish is what we call a " romance " language , meaning that it is based on latin , the language of the ancient roman empire .	西班牙是我们称为 " 浪漫 " 语言 " , 意味着它是基于拉丁语言 , 古代罗马皇帝帝帝的语言语言 。
apple is allowing publishers to set their own prices , and the titles shown at the demo retailed for $12 . 99 and under .	苹果允许出版者设置自己的价格 , 同时 , 苹果可以在删除12.99美元 , 以及下面 。
he says celebrities who act like they do not want to be photographed are hypocrites who secretly adore the attention .	他说 , 像他们不想要做的活动 , 就像他们不想被拍摄的照片 。
a hardness separation system for steel ball based on preventive multifrequency testing eddy current technology was presented .	提出了一种基于钢球球球球的硬度分离系统 , 提出了一种基于预防多频率测试技术的硬度分离系统 。
this creates a field with a matching label on the design canvas and automatically binds the field to the node in the instance .	这创建了一个与设计能力的领域 , 实例上 , 自动地自动地把场放在场上 , 实例中 。
the activities of pod in the serum , muscle and hepatopancreas of the injected shrimp remained stable .	在服务器中 , 肌肉活动的活动、肌肉、肌肉、肌肉、肌肉、肌肉、肌肉、肌肉、肌肉和肝胰腺素的活动仍然稳定 。
but he was a gallant warrior , and when he rose to make his final adieu his mouth was grimly set and his shoulders were squared .	然而他是一个更棒的战争 , 当他把他的母亲最终的时候 , 他的时候 , 他的肩膀都是一场比赛的战争 , 他的肩膀 。
for example , belgium sent four f16 jets and 150 military personnel to help with the libyan nofly zone .	例如 , 贝尔数字代表了416jet和150名军事人员 , 帮助利比亚没有人帮助利比亚人帮助利比亚的帮助 。
redwinged blackbirds were perched on fence posts . farmers were out in their fields , preparing for another season .	红色黑鸟在后面 , 农民们在他们的领域 , 准备另一个季节 , 准备另一个季节 。
the state could not curtail such activities without inflaming the entire populace , although it periodically tried .	美国不能当然 , 这样的活动 , 无法解释整个人口的活动 , 尽管它在一段时间试图 。
one brand that's hot in the fashion world is miro , and its trendy designs of clothing and shoes originate in barcelona .	一个品牌在现代世界中 , 是微妙的 , 且它的趋势的设计和鞋子的设计和鞋子 。
but days later , experiencing something similar while i was alone triggered a memory that made me miss andy acutely .	然而 , 今天晚上 , 超越了一些事情 , 然后我试着一个记忆的记忆 , 使我错误和安全 。
at the same time , close study of the text has been an ample reward to use for the effort expended , as we hope it will be to others .	同时 , 文本的研究已成为一项实例的研究 , 因为我们希望它希望它将会成为其他的样本 。
the paper is concerned with two aspects:a necessary and sufficient condition for convex hull of a set in e2 being closed ;	论文关注两个方面:两个方面的必要条件和高效条件 ;
in the movies he always wore a fake mustache , had poor man's clothes and often walked funny with a cane .	在电影中 , 他总是在电影中 , 总是有一场球迷 , 曾经经经经经经常和一位癌症的衣服 , 经常和一个癌症 。
france mercilessly crushed rebellions in tonkin , and sat back while over one million vietnamese starved after world war ii .	法国商业人员在银行中 , 同时 , 在一百万名越南战争后 , 法国商业人员在全球战争后 , 法国人民币收藏了回报 。
as a result , you get two parallel connectors , one for each navigation direction , from screen 1 to screen 3 , and one back .	因此 , 因此 , 你得到了两个名称连接器 , 每个名称方向 , 从屏幕1到3到3 , 然后再回来 。
yet when standardsize clothes are altered for a man like mr . lefkowitz , the final proportions can come out all wrong .	然而 , 当标准公民服装的时候 , 人类似的男人 , 李波特兹 , 最后的支持可能会出现错误 。
the route varies every year , taking riders and fans through mountains , tiny towns , and the streets of paris .	每年 , 每年的路由变化 , 走向山谷 , 小镇 , 小镇 , 小镇 , 小镇 , 以及巴黎的街道街道 。
qg: you have been practicing in landscape design and urban design for 15 years . did you ever have any frustration in your career ?	问:你们在地球设计和城市设计和城市设计的设计中 , 已经有任何水果吗 ?
an elegant chardonnay from yarra valley with delicious citrus , nectarine and fresh apricot flavors .	一个很好的技巧 , 来自亚拉拉谷谷谷谷谷谷谷谷谷 , 附近和新鲜的香味 。
" the child stared at him open mouthed and horrified for a minute , then gasped: " didn't you get my email ?	" 孩子们在他开了一分钟的时候 , 把孩子站在他打开了一分钟里 , 然后 , " 你不能给我的邮件吗 ? "
southwest said three planes had cracks similar to those in the phoenix jet and would be repaired before they fly again .	南方说 , 三种植物都有类似于照片中 , 这些植物的植物 , 在它们的飞行前 , 就会在飞机上恢复 。
direct mail and telephone solicitation are such effective fundraising tools that most large social movement organizations use one or both .	直接邮件和电话解决是这样的有效基础工具 , 大多数大多数大多数社会运动机构使用一个或两个或两者 。
engineers have long known that designing smaller , lighter vehicles is an ideal way to meet tighter fueleconomy standards .	工程师长期知道 , 设计小型 , 灯车辆是一个理想的方法 , 满足战斗经济标准的理想方法 。
listen people the senator is 25 points ahead in the polls but he wants us to keep running scared like we're way behind .	聆听人们的名字是25分钟 , 但他希望让我们在池子里跑步 , 就像我们在后面 。
safrian added , “they knew his face , and . . . even after ten days , staying in the sun , his face had not changed ! ”	萨弗利亚补充说: " 你知道他的脸 , 即使是十天之后 , 晚上 , 站在太阳 , 脸上 , 他的脸色没有改变 ! "
this article clears the measuring coupling relationship between horizontal azimuth and pitch angles by detailed mathematical deduction .	第一章探讨了马里斯坦夫妇的测量关系 , 通过详细的数学减少数学决定的数学决策 , 探讨了测量耦合关系 。
first , it proved indubitably that she and her husband occupied separate rooms , in itself a shocking enough state of affairs .	首先 , 它证明了她的丈夫和丈夫们的丈夫在自己的店里 , 在自己的房间里 , 还有一个足够的地方 。
it's highly prohibited that nonoperator or nonrepairman should enter the safety protection rails of the mold soaker to avoid scorching .	这是很高的 , 非经营者或非经验人员应该进入手术的安全保护铁路 , 避免了避免避免避免逃跑的错误 。
at present , the development and application of acetate fibers in textile industry in some developed countries such as america and japan have been relatively mature .	目前 , 在某些发展中 , 美国和日本和日本的发展和应用和应用程序的发展和应用与应用 。
the accuracy of the aromas index model of tobacco established in this study on tobacco aromas types was 87 . 9% .	本研究的aromas指标模型的准确性指标模型 , 为87.9% 。
methods:the models with hyperglycemia were induced by alloxan to observe the effects of balsam pear grande on the blood sugar .	方法::通过对血糖糖的影响 , 观察血糖对血糖尿病的影响 。
in addition , the learning content and function structure are abstract to the educational model in practice by eml educational modeling language .	此外 , 探讨学习内容和功能结构的学习内容和功能结构对教育模式的实践模型的实践模型进行实践 。
based on geostatistics regionalization variable and variogram , kriging interpolation technology was described in detail .	基于地球统计学的基础上 , 阐述了基于地球化区域变量和变量的基础 , 详细阐述了基于地球化的基础 。
if allowed to come into contact with the skin , croton oil causes blistering and painful skin irritation which can last up to three weeks .	如果允许与皮肤与皮肤相互作用 , croton石油造成和痛苦的皮肤炎 , 可达到3周 。
the discrete time sliding mode controller design for stability and active power distribution of a twogenerator parallel running system is discussed in this paper .	讨论了二代平板运行系统的离散时间控制器设计 , 探讨了一种稳定的稳定的稳定性和活动功率分布的方法 。
though more cases were reported by the specific reporting system than the routine system , the problem focus on delayed reporting cases . so , it is needed to perfect...	尽管更多的病例被特定报告系统的报告系统报告系统报告 , 因此 , 需要完美完善...
more than 500 relief agencies are operating in haiti and the skies are filled with aircraft ferrying supplies to portauprince .	超过500多宗教机构 , 正在运行 , 空军和航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空供应的供应供应供应 。
as a kind of ideal transmission medium in the shortdistance communication network , polymer optical fiber has great foreground of development .	作为一种短期交通网络的理想传输介质 , 聚合物光纤具有很大的发展的前景 。
this amerigo accompanied several expeditions to the new world and actually found a great deal of new land in the southern part of the hemisphere .	这个美国人在新世界上 , 实际上 , 实际上找到了一个新的新地点 , 实际上 , 最终在半空中找到了一大量的新地点 。
alli alloys is a new type of material of airplane construction which rises recently . it is famous at its low modulus of elasticity .	美盟合作是一种新型的空气建筑材料 , 最近是最近的空气建筑的新型材料 。
and answer is " it " imperative tool settlement does not provide " emissions " regulations and the environmental protection agency for compliance .	答案是 " 改善工具 " 的工具 , 没有提供 " 调制 " 规定 " 和环境保护机构的环境保护机构 。
in the fortieth year of the reign of david they were sought for , and there were found among them mighty men of valour at jazer of gilead .	今天 , 今天 , 大卫们的外国 , 大卫们已经发现 , 他们可能发现他们在吉拉拉拉斯的大卫队中 , 大卫们可能发现 , 大卫们可能在耶稣的时候 , 已经发现了 。
compared with economic strength and practical needs of both sides , bilateral business cooperation enjoys huge development potential .	与经济强度和实践需要相比 , 双边业务合作伙伴的经济强度和实践需要 。
the predominance of positive experiences permits the absorption , integration , and mentalization of the negative segment of experience .	积极经验的精神性经验 , 承诺吸收、集成、集成和精神分析和实验的必要性 。
dried fish , dried squid , shells , sea cucumbers , shelled shrimp , dried sea snake , agar , and others .	驱动鱼 , 驱动快速 , 海豹 , 海豹 , 海豹数量 , 上面 , 干燥海豹、海豹、海豹、海豹和其他 。
with the method of prescribed burning , the effects of burning on leymus chinensis population in inner mongolia steppe were discussed .	通过对预防烧伤的方法 , 探讨了该方法 , 探讨了在内蒙蒙古钢铁钢板的作用 。
when phosphate fertilisers are used in such countries , yields increase but at a high cost to farmers and to the environment , he said .	他说 , 当摄影者在这种国家使用的时候 , 摄影者使用时 , 收益率增加 , 但在农民和农民和环境中 , 他说 。
objective to compare the contents of amygdaloside in ephedra decoctions made by using traditional method with that by soaking granules with boiling water .	目的比较采用传统的方法 , 用传统的固定法比较了amgdadalo的含量 。
only , a dynamics model of bridging fiber is built , fracture dynamics problems of composite materials are solved very well .	只有 , 建立了一种桥梁纤维的动态模型 , 建立了复合材料的组合动力学模型 , 解决了复合材料的动力学模型 。
christian dior launched a multimedia photo exhibit in shanghai in midmay , showing off its lady dior line of handbags .	基督徒死于上海中海的多媒体照片展览 , 展示了它在中海中海中部的身体死亡 , 展示了它的手bag的身体直线 。
in 2002 , hm king abdullah ii of jordan outlined a strategy to make jordan a regional information technology hub .	2002年 , 哈姆王国国王阿拉拉拉伊 , 为了制定一项战略 , 为了使日本地区信息技术的区域信息技术提供了一个策略 。
in your life , be sure to make yourself more magnanimous , for a person like that won't be puzzled with insoluble problems and can be optimistic .	在你的生活中 , 肯定要让自己更多的魔法 , 对于一个人不喜欢那样 , 就像一个人不会被困扰的问题 , 而且可以很好的 。
art form is an important category in simmel's art thoughts , and is also the expression of aesthetic redeeming in ails .	艺术形式是immel的艺术思想的重要课题 , 同时也是哲学的表达 。
as you will be loving for the longhaul , make sure you avoid the friction , pain , and discomfort that can result from working each other raw by using lube .	正如你将会失去长沙 , 确保你避免电 , 痛苦 , 痛苦 , 痛苦 , 使得你可以使得每一次用卢布来进行工作 。
in some places , one person will play a small gong and sing songs to praise the coming of spring . this person will give a picture of an ox to every household .	在某些地方 , 一个人将会扮演一个小的歌曲 , 唱歌歌歌唱唱唱唱唱歌 , 这个人会给每个房子的照片给每个房子的照片 。
oh , captain butler , you shouldn't hold me so close . i will be mad if you do ! another dance and my reputation will be lost forever .	哦 , 你不应该把我放下来 , 如果你做的话 , 另一个舞蹈 , 另一个舞蹈 , 还有我不应该失去 。
in the long span of the chinese history , the descendants of the yellow emperor have been righteously proud of the existence of the outstanding confucius .	在中国历史的长期 , 黄帝帝帝国的建立者正确证明 , 外国的存在存在的存在存在存在的存在 。
his colossus , whose size would be appropriate to a temple or city square , is a young , crouching , barefoot boy .	他的颜色是 , 大小的大小 , 大小的大小将适合到一个寺庙或城市平台 , 是一位年轻的年轻 , 是一位年轻的 , 是一位年轻的 , 是一位年轻的男孩 。
the results of landscape index of ndvi patch grades in thousand island lake area reflect the status of the plant communities on them well .	研究结果表明 , 随着数千个岛屿湖泊区的景观指标指标指数的景观指标指标 , 这些植物群落在植物群落的植物群落上反映了植物群落的植物群落 。
more organic fertilizer can not only improve soil aggregates structure and basic character , but also be propitious to the effect of water and soil coupling .	更有机肥料不仅能提高土壤结构和基本性能 , 同时也适合水和土壤耦合效果 。
this unique , easy to rinse formula leaves hair soft , smooth and easy to manage with a fresh , light fragrance .	这个独特的是 , 很容易冒险的水平 , 柔柔柔柔柔柔柔柔柔柔柔柔 , 轻轻轻轻 , 轻轻轻轻轻 , 轻轻轻轻轻 , 轻轻轻轻轻轻轻 。
pedrito tried once more to picture his wife and small son , his parents and his relatives , all of whom he felt certain were standing outside .	他的父母和他的父母和他的父母和他的父母和他的父母和他的父母和父母相关 , 所有他感到很多人都是在外面 。
this paper proposes a threedimension reverse design method of blade based on turbine according to the flow parameters and revolution of pump .	本文提出了一种基于涡轮机的三维反应设计方法 , 提出了一种基于涡轮机参数和转变参数的三维反应设计方法 。
it now contains a bouquet of highend boutiques , possibly what mr . beane’s joke about those antiques dealers was alluding to .	现在还包含了一瓶高端的汽车 , 可能有可能是 , 北美先生对那些抗议者的约会有什么可能 。
when the new trains start running it will only take one and a half hours . that's just a little longer than it takes to eat lunch and have a nap !	当新训练开始运行时 , 只有一半小时 , 只有一小时 , 只有一小时 , 只有一小小时 , 比它要吃午饭 , 吃午饭 , 还有一个名字 !
sulzer chemtech was built on innovation and the key to our success continues to be ongoing development of new ideas and concepts .	ulzzer化学技术建立了创新和关键 , 继续建立新的思想和概念的关键 , 建立了新的思想和概念 。
however , mscs cocultured with normal hippocampal slices expressed bdnf at a lower level at any times of coculture .	然而 , mc组成了正常的hposcampmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmps表达的df在任何时候 , 还有一个低级的dddf 。
of all the fragrances — sandal , tagara , blue lotus and jasmine — the fragrance of virtue is the sweetest .	所有的框架都是沙子 , 塔塔塔塔拉 , 蓝色的lotu和jasminee------------------------------------------------
company is a foreign investment company under b multicountry company , which belonging to the h steel group , the largest steel enterprise in australia .	公司是一家外国投资公司 , 公司是一家外国投资公司 , 属于钢铁集团 , 是澳大利亚最大的钢铁企业 。
according to the hibernate shards documentation , this property is quite expensive and should be turned off in a production environment .	根据hiberbernateshardard文档 , 这个属性是非常昂贵的 , 应该在生产环境下转化的生产环境 。
uprise shocked regnant group of rome , become acute clique of the noble in curia and the contradiction that civilian sends .	更新一组罗马 , 成为当前的诺比亚和民族的合同组合同组 , 更新一组罗马的罗马人群 , 成为一家城市的诺比赛 。
objective: to study the composition , microstructure and microhardness change of the surface reaction layer of titanium cast with three investments .	目的:探讨小型表面反应层的组成、微硬度、微硬度、微硬度、微硬度变化 。
metrics tool performance and compatibility the volume of our data overwhelmed our hyperion brio desktop metrics tools .	非洲工具性能和兼容性能 , 使我们的数据的数据的数据的压缩了我们的超过的超超超超超亿英国债务协议工具 。
literature evaluation: among 3 501 obtained indexes , 35 concerning inclusion criteria were selected for summarized .	文学评价:3501获得的文学评价:351获得的指标 , 包括355个结论 。
multiple sizes or alternative facepiece designs can provide the individual with additional options for obtaining a good fit and seal .	多个尺寸或平面面面面面设计可以提供一个更多的选择来获得一个良好的适合和安全的选择 。
firstly , according to the news text , the figure is found among urban employees which is to say not include people without a work .	首先 , 根据新闻文本来说 , 根据新闻文本的报告 , 目标是在城市雇员工中发现的城市员工的城市雇员 , 这是不包括工作的 。
though wimbourne does not exist in modern britain , there is a wimborne minster a small town on the southern coast of england .	虽然wmbournenene没有存在 , 但在现代英国的英国南部的南海岸 , 还有一个小城市 。
also , to stimulate the economy , the government should back low interest loans . uh , this is for housing , cars , bigticket items .	同时 , 为了刺激经济 , 政府应该回来低利益贷款 , 美国 , 这是为房子、汽车、汽车、大型汽车、大型汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车等 。
rebooting geronimo will correct the error for one , but then generate the exception again when the database is accessed by the other .	反映德国人将正确的错误 , 然后在数据库访问其他时代 , 然后在数据库时代代代代代代代代代代 。
kate beckinsale , playing a nurse , declares . " before doolittle's raid , americans knew nothing but defeat ; "	凯特·贝尔 , 演奏了一名护士 , 声明: " 前来 , 美国人知道没有什么事情 , 美国人知道没有什么事情 。 "
after analyzing cop cobweb algorithm , an approach for combining background knowledge into category utility was proposed .	通过分析了copbwebb网络算法 , 提出了一种结合背景知识的方法 。
the root length , the state of root system , stem height , stem basal diameter , biomass of above and belowground were investigated .	根长度 , 研究了root系统的root长度、root体系的状态、root高度、步骤直径、步骤直径、基准直径、上面和下面的生物值 。
a letter believed to be written by mostafaei was posted on the internet on saturday , calling for the release of his relatives .	信信信信信相信 , 大多数的网络在星期六 , 称为 " 与他相对的关系 " 的释放 。
studies show that the smoking cessation drug such as zyban , available by prescription , helps many people quit without gaining weight .	研究显示 , 烟烟消毒药物如zban , 可用 , 可以通过预防 , 帮助很多人不能获得重量 。
a total of 12 eligible studies representing 7 of 10 incidence groups in 24 jeendemic countries were identified .	鉴定了12个数字研究的总成 , 为24年24日的24日 , 被确认 。
science and real estate development to determine the size of the supply of land to enhance landuse regulation to stop land hoarding behavior .	科学和房地产开发 , 确定土地供应的大小 , 提高土地建设的规定 , 保持土地保持土地的行为 。
then the method of combustion heat is employed to distinguish the stability of heat in different crystal modifications of disperse violet hfrl .	然后 , 结合热热的方法 , 探讨了不同层层层层层层层层层层层层层的稳定性 。
the doctorial advisor team construction of the doctorial students is vital to the training qualities of the doctorial students .	医生建设的医生顾问团队建设是医生学生的训练质量的 。
in this paper , a power balancing method is proposed in multiinput multioutput cellular systems , and ber performance is analysed .	本文提出了一种基于多输入多输入多输入多输入细胞体系的功率解决方法 , 并分析了纤维性能 , 并对纤维性能进行了分析 。
the clustering technology provides a lowlevel messaging structure which keeps all the nodes in the cluster synchronized .	集群技术提供了一个低层消息结构 , 保持集群的节点的所有节点都保持集群的节点 。
the flu virus is usually spread in the small droplets of saliva coughed or sneezed into the atmosphere by an infected person .	流感病毒通常被感染人体的小滴入小肠 , 或基因被感染的血液病毒通常是流感病毒 。
the xml encryption specification lists a number of required and optional cryptographic algorithms including	xml环境指定列表了一个要求和选择cml编程算法的xml编码算法 。
jinshun warns mingzhang not to break zhenghong and jiahui up or he would divulge mingzhang's true identity .	金山警告minshshshununn告诉明朝不会破坏郑州 , 还是他将会导致明朝阳的真实状况 。
he seemed studiously to seek out all the tender spots in her consciousness so as to inflict on her the cruellest wounds possible .	他似乎很明显地看到她的意识中 , 所以 , 所以 , 所以他看到了她最好的木材 。
research indicated cellular automata modeling technology is one simple effective method to study the dynamic problem of traffic flow .	研究表明 , 细胞自动自动模型是一种简单的有效的方法 , 研究了交通流动态流动的动态问题 。
foreigners can apply for chinese driving license using their respective country's drivers license . the information on the same is as shown below .	外国人可以申请中国驱动规定的外国人员 , 同样的信息显示 , 同样在同样的情况下 , 外国人可以在中国驱动国家驱动规定中应用 。
the processing of the nonstaple cereals include the processing of oat , buck wheat and barley as well as the preparation of barley malt .	非stapceceal的过程包括oat、buckhell和barley的过程 , 以及barleymas的制备 。
the chemical industries special ltd . was a successful example that government and merchants cooperated under the special ltd .	化学工业有限公司是一家成功的例子 , 政府和商业人员合作的成功的例子 。
the wave induced seabed liquefaction is a main attributor to forming of the submarine physiognomy in huanghe river delta .	小波产生了一系列液相反应 , 是浙江河河河流层的主要属性形成 。
the algorithm and the learning rule of the neuron adaptive pid controller for pulp consistency control system are described in this paper .	阐述了神经适应管道控制器的神经自适应管道控制器的算法和学习规则 。
turnofthecentury elocutionists taught their students how to gesture to communicate specific emotions or messages .	目前 , 目前 , 科学家拒绝他们的学生如何在通信特定的情况下 , 以及消息 。
conductivities measured at room temperatures must be corrected if they are to be used for rocks at depths greater than about 1000m .	结论房间温度测量 , 房间温度要大于1000毫米 。
ceramiclined compound copper tube is used in tube mould having excellent service effects and decreasing the production cost of tube blank .	陶瓷化合物管道采用陶瓷化合物化合物管管管管管管管管管管管管管管管道 , 降低了管道的生产成本的生产成本 。
the " he runs , the nobody smiled ...... " yan sen moment turns the facial statement of face for the cordial style form .	他说: " 他跑了 , 北方笑... " 安安安安安安安的时候 , 将面临的脸形式的脸形态转变为正确的形式 。 "
some strong seedlings in the first four to five leaves and smoke after the second take ear , born in the removal of the ear was spent .	第四次 , 第二次第一次 , 一些强烈的感觉在第一次早期以后 , 早些时候 , 早些时候 , 早些时候 , 早些时候 , 早些时候 , 早些时候 , 早些时候 , 远离了 。
this paper presents the development of a new power coil , which is to address the problem of power supply for online monitoring system in high voltage side of transmission lines .	本文提出了一种新的电力系列的发展 , 是为了在线监测系统高压电压线的高压电压线的高压电力电力电力电压系统的发展 , 提出了一种新的电力系统的发展 。
the retail space in kingkey financial centre in caiwuwei , luohu district , will be launched for prelease shortly .	加州市金融中心的零售空间 , 将在加州市内部的关键金融中心的零售空间 , 将为预期延迟 。
on december 15 , i reached an omnibus budget agreement with congress , the last major legislative victory of my eight years .	12月15日 , 我在今年15月15日 , 与国会联合的最后一项主要的法律顾问 。
it has all the benefits related to loosely coupled architecture , such as code reusability , and it also limits the testing effort required .	所有有利于相关的建筑物 , 例如代码可靠性 , 同时也有限于测试努力 。
like a person swinging a tennis racket in her right hand , the decay of cobalt 60 has an intrinsic handedness that is reversed by a mirror .	就像一个人在她的右手中 , 咖啡60岁的年轻人一样 , 咖啡60岁的年轻人一样 , 这是一家工具的手工 。
just as in previous seasons there seems to be no real link between the midfield and the attack , and the need for a new trequartista is glaring .	正如在前赛季 , 似乎没有真正的连接 , 中场和攻击中场和攻击之间的需要 , 新ququququququartata的需要是闪闪亮的 。
joshua was grateful for god's help . he knew that the israelites would have to fight many battles before they could live happily in their new homeland .	约什a在上帝的帮助下 , 他知道 , 伊拉拉斯人知道 , 在他们可以在他们的新土地的新土里 , 就会有很多战斗 。
facebook’s ad sales team is now led by carolyn everson , who replaced longtime vp of global sales mike murphy .	facebook的销售团队现在被卡林顿·埃伦敦领导 , 全球销售的长期电视公司的全球销量迈克·麦克莱克 。
at last , we give a example of this model , and analyse some influencing factors of the price of a ratecapped swap with bermudan swaption .	最后 , 我们给出了一个例子 , 分析了某些影响因素的影响因素 , 分析了一项模型的影响因素 。
stars and planets form within swirling clouds of dust and gas that visible light cannot penetrate , but which infrared radiation can .	恒星和星球形成的尘尘尘云 , 可见光不能渗透 , 可怕的灯光不能渗透 , 可怕的灯光 , 可怕的辐射能力 。
but as mr . sandman cautions , an impressively documented process only has the appearance of control , thus having only the feel of mitigating risk .	然而 , 沙曼执行 , 印度文档过程只有控制的过程 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 只有只有只有限制风险的感觉 。
her life was often regarded as a fairytale and her legendary marriage to baseball great joe dimaggio was the hallmark of this perception .	她的生命经常被视为一名精神 , 她的传统婚姻往往往往往往往往是这次表演的危害 。
through invoking mathematic library and hybrid programming , the numerical results derived on deepcomp 6800 are satisfactory .	通过投入数学图书馆和桥梁编程 , 数学结果表明 , 深达680000多个深度的深度结果是满意的 。
at present , the aids " four frees and one care " policy in tianjin full implementation of the national aids in lowprevalence state .	目前 , 居民 " 四自由 " 和一项关键 " 的政策 " 政策 " 在低价国家援助的国家援助中实现了全国的国家援助 。
stay positive . don't whine and complain . it gives people a negative impression about your outlook on life and makes people think you are 'grumpy' .	站在积极 , 不要为什么 , 为什么 , 为了让人们对你们的生命的负面印象 , 让人们认为你是 " rump " 的 。
make a list of things you always wanted to do but couldn't because you were raising your kids . maybe it's writing or learning the piano .	你总是想要做的事情 , 不过你不能做 , 因为你不能把你的孩子 , 或者许它是写的 。
dubai's al wasl club is expected to make a formal announcement on signing diego maradona as its coach for the next 2 years .	邓巴巴伊的alall俱乐部希望在接下来的2年前 , 达巴巴巴巴西的阿尔贝尔俱乐部希望成为一个正式的宣布 。
the guessing problem is troubling because two test takers with same knowledge can end up with different scores or two people with different knowledge levels can end up with same scores .	指导问题是因为两个测试者可以与不同的知识水平或两个不同的知识水平结束 , 以及两个不同的知识水平的指导问题的指导问题 。
while most of us head for shelter when we hear a huge storm coming , one daredevil photographer has made it his job to get as close as he can .	尽管大多数人在我们听到大规模的时候 , 大多数人听到了一个大规模的照片 , 一位大卫的照片已经使它成为他的工作 。
i’ll finish this guest post by 11:59pm on august 31 . i know this , because if i don’t , i’ll lose $1 , 000 .	我将在8月311:59m上完成这个客人 , 我知道这是因为我不会失去的 , 我会失去1 , 000美元 。
the games lost popularity , however , largely due to the growth of cheating and were abolished by emperor theodosius i in 394 ad .	然而 , 游戏失去了很多 , 大量是由于化学生 , 由于我在394年 , 我在394岁以后 , 大量是因为化学生的 。
the analyzing of the dragon image can make people feel interested , because dragon is an image that has a close relation with traditional chinese culture .	分析了龙龙图像的分析 , 使人们感兴趣 , 因为龙龙是一种与传统的中国文化的形象 。
it’s is the age old battle ; good versus evil , arrogance versus humility , handsome versus , well not so handsome .	这是年轻的战斗 , 良好的逆转电影 , 阿罗斯·斯特里斯 , 手手手工 , 手工普遍 , 手工普遍 , 没有手工 。
in europa are similar suitable locations for elf transmitters , to be found in areas covered by the baltic and the caledonian shields .	欧洲在欧洲的同样适合地方 , 为自我传输的地方 , 为了发现在欧洲和加拿大地区的地方发现 , 是在欧洲和加拿大地区的地方 。
the sun was shining gloriously , so karen and the old lady went along the footpath through the corn , where it was rather dusty .	太阳被轻轻轻轻轻 , 所以 , 所以 , 所以 , 老人和老老人在那里 , 在那里 , 这里 , 太阳就越来越少了 。
in addition to paying for fuel and wearandtear on a fleet vehicle , the plumbing shop needs to cover the time spent traveling to my home .	除了补充燃料 , 还要为燃料和磨磨 , 穿着车辆的鞋子需要花费时间来覆盖我的家里 。
in places where fragile governments cannot assist us and health infrastructure is nonexistent , fighting the poliovirus is costly .	在那里 , 弗拉伯政府不能帮助我们和健康基础设施的地方 , 是非主义的 , 战争政治的政治 , 战争了政治的成本 。
he spoke as pickup trucks loaded with fighters headed to the front and the thud of mortar shells was heard at twominute intervals .	他在前面的前面 , 摩托尔斯在两分钟内心听到了卡扎克的火箭 , 把火箭放在前面的前面 , 火箭头上 。
" when i first saw al pacino in the film , i , for the first time in my life , thought that i wanted to be like another person , " he recalled .	" 当我第一次在电影中看到的时候 , 我是第一次在我的生活中 , 我认为我想像另一个人一样 , " 他回忆了 。 "
tarim basin is a huge superposed basin composed of paleozoic cratonic basin and mesocenozoic foreland basin .	塔里斯盆地是一个大量的超级岩石组成的岩石盆地 , 岩石盆地 , 岩石盆地是岩石盆地的岩石组成 。
background: clusterin has many biological functions , especially the great protection effects on histiocytes in pathological conditions .	背景:背景:临床有很多生物功能 , 特别是在病理条件下的抗生保护作用 。
chatting on line , students can express their feelings and opinions more freely , and even get help with their foreign language studies .	挑战在线上 , 学生可以表达自己的感觉 , 更自由地表达自己的感觉和观点 , 甚至还有帮助他们的外语学习 。
the second argument is that , even if it never came to war , taiwanwould still be an obstacle to better sinoamerican relations .	第二个论点是 , 即使它永远来到战争 , 台湾的话仍然是更好的 。
the problem is , i have never worked in an office setting and i'm not sure how to go about learning etiquette , how to speak appropriately , etc .	问题是 , 我从来没有在办公室设置中工作 , 我不确定要确定学习平等 , 如何说 , 如何说 , 如何说 , 如何在办公室上 , 等 。
secondly , it proves the academic feasibility of wrh by establishing mathematical model and using the method of comparative analysis .	第二 , 通过建立数学模型 , 证明了wrh的学术可行性 , 建立了数学模型的可行性 , 并利用比较分析方法对比较分析的方法进行比较分析 。
how to become hostages escape , agent after school also pay special attention to training " spy " and " videotape likes agent .	如何成为主持的capepe , 同时 , 学校还要注意培训 " 空间 " 和 " 视频安装 " 和 " 视频 " 等 。
in this paper , a company formed through a mcgs one to more than mode of remote monitoring network for monitoring the work of the satellite transmitter .	本公司通过mcgs的mcgs形成了一个通过mcggs的mcgs的mcgs的mcgs的mcgsgs组成 , 通过测试卫星传输器的工作 。
mr . garcía fumes . he would like to see the bankers he considers responsible for the country’s problems taxed and prosecuted .	他希望看到银行应该负责国家问题税收和证据 。
romans8:32 he who did not spare his own son , but gave him up for us all how will he not also , along with him , graciously give us all things ?	罗马斯8:32他没有空间自己的儿子 , 却给他带着自己的儿子 , 还有他和他一起 , 和他一起 , 很严肃地给我们所有的事物吗 ?
in practical terms , the west bank has been increasingly separated from east jerusalem , which is still the most populous palestinian city .	实际上 , 西部银行已经增加了东部的西部银行 , 仍然是巴勒斯坦市最多的巴勒斯坦市 。
and catch my second software raid article , in which we'll take a look at some more advanced software raid functionality and raid1 .	第二条软件的第二篇文章 , 在我们将在某些先进的软件功能和raid1中找到一些更高的软件功能和raid1中 。
daily a voice would sound in his head , and his mind's voice would respond with an answer , while he labored at his endless task .	每天 , 声音会听起来 , 他的声音就会与答案的声音 , 同时他在他的结束任务中发表一声音 。
the present petroleum exploration has trended from structural reservoirs to lithologic and stratigraphic reservoirs .	目前 , 石油勘探已从结构储层层层层层层层层层的石油勘探 , 来自结构储层层和超级层层层层层层层层层层的石油勘探 。
for example , the meridian pertaining to the kidney is named the kidney meridian , and the rest may be deduced by analogy .	例如 , 美国人安装到肯尼亚的孩子被称为 " 尼尼亚 " 的名字 " , 而且 , 最后可能是由阿纳纳纳纳纳米亚的 。
outside of beaujolais this variety hasn't been very successful but it is cultivated in the loire valley and california .	除了北京市外 , 这种变化并没有成功 , 但它在伦敦谷谷和加利福尼亚 , 加利福利亚 , 除了这类不同的变化 。
david took the philistine's head and brought it to jerusalem , and he put the philistine's weapons in his own tent .	达维维斯把哲学家的头部和把它带到耶路撒冷 , 并且他把哲学家的武器放在自己的帐篷里 。
the algorithm satisfies the needs of the new character nc machining technique that generates the tool path by the character skeleton .	算法满足了新型的原理的需要 , 可以通过特征keleletonskeleleton的工具路径来保证工具的需要 。
if such sale was effected without cent by the trustor , and the trusteetrader made up the deficiency on its own , it is binding on the trustor .	如果这样的销售效果没有中心 , 信任人员的信任者对自己的信任者的信任者来说 , 正在把它的信任者带来的影响 。
although data is sent synchronously , the protocol provides for resending messages lost during network transmission .	尽管数据在网络传输过程中 , 尽管数据是通信的 , 协议为网络传输的消息损失提供协议 。
when the temperature condition is favourable but soil water content is low , the development process is prolonged , and the survival rate is decreased .	当温度条件下 , 土壤含量较低 , 开发过程越来越高 , 环境率降低 , 降低了土壤含量的发展过程 。
the physiological state of a vessel is the state of loading physiological pressure in vivo and the zerostress state in vitro .	船舶的物理状态是维生素和zrost状态的状态的状态和zrost状态的状态 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowd was busy at handshaking .	轻轻的葡萄葡萄葡萄酒 , 放弃了希腊的葡萄酒 , 黑色的葡萄酒 。
to the extent that state subsidies are cut and privatisation increases , more work often devolves on people who must do that work without pay .	因此 , 状态物质是切割和输入 , 往往往往往往往往往往往往往往往往不要做的工作 。
come back ? " the gold xiao xiao suddenly asks a , the tone is cold , but takes the idea of forcing for several pence . "	" 回来吗 ? " 金宝突然要问 , 托尼是冷酷的 , 但要求几个照片的想法 。 "
clearly determined to look his best , the well turnedout mammal spent a long time carefully checking the rest of his fur for any dirt .	明显的确定 , 很清楚地确定自己的最佳 , 好的mautututmamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamamal
modern paintings were impressed by the variety of painting and performance of the various kinds of methods in chinese painting found in the selfexpression .	现代绘画品的现代绘画品和演艺是由中国绘画创作的各种方法表达到了现代绘画品的绘画和性能 。
last week , the government published online information and leaflets aimed at persuading pregnant women to have the vaccine .	上周 , 政府在网上发布了网络信息 , 并且在网络上发布了一项目标 , 最后 , 政府在网上发表了预防妇女 , 为了有疫苗提供疫苗 。
what legal obligations do aggregators of foaf information have under the dataprotection law in the jurisdiction under which they operate ?	法律诉讼的法律法律观察者在法律诉讼法律下 , 法律诉讼法律是否有什么 ?
we spread the blankets inside , and ate our dinner there . soon it got dark and began to rain . the wind blew hard , too .	我们花了黑色的银行 , 吃饭 , 吃饭 , 吃饭 , 很快就开始喝酒 , 开始喝酒吧 。
most analysis for rock slope stability have dealt with singlefaced slopes with a planar surface of a constant strike .	大多数分析岩坡稳定稳定稳定性的岩坡稳定性的分析 , 具有一定的岩坡表面的植物表面的植物表面的植物表面 。
the oxfordeducated bachelor was sworn in during an ancient buddhist ritual in a palace overlooking the thimphu valley .	在古代的佛教徒中 , 奥斯坦福教教练在古代的古代佛教徒里游泳了 。
the program also introduced occasional mutationsand randomness , on the off chance that one of them might produce an accidentalgenius .	项目还还介绍了occaututomomomomity , 在办公室的机会上 , 这个程序也可能产生一个正确的原因 。
stirfried noodle:put it in boiling water until the hard core is vanished , then stirfrying with meat pieces or eggs .	搅拌鼻子:把它放在锅里 , 直到硬核心 , 然后用肉或蛋糕或蛋糕 。
the atime is the last access time of a file , and each time a file is accessed , the underlying file system must record this timestamp .	目标是最后一次访问文件 , 每次文件都是访问的 , 这个文件系统必须记录这个时间 。
meanwhile , high temperature zones reduced gradually until fire extinguishments along with the vaporization of water mists .	同时 , 高温区逐步减少 , 直到与水流失的变化的变化 , 同时 , 高温区域逐步降低 。
while this type of unauthorized computer intrusion is clearly against the law , the fight against ratting is a challenge .	虽然这个类型的不合适的计算机结构明显 , 但这类型的计算机结构明显是一项挑战 。
the higher the proportion of stateowned shares , the fewer the financing bounds , the smaller the influence of the cash flow on investment .	国有股的比例越高 , 国有股市的增长 , 投资投资的影响较小 , 投资投资的影响较小 。
" i propose that we undertake a joint review of nato's and russia's common threats and challenges , " he said .	他说: " 我建议我们有一项合作评论 , 俄罗斯和俄罗斯的共同威胁和挑战 , " 他说 。
after hydrolytic lactalbumin was added into media , the vitrified seedlings reduced , but the contamination rate was always very high .	经过水解乳液后 , 分别加入媒体 , 分配种子减少 , 但含有率总是很高 。
these hydrolysates yielded the meaty flavoring necessary to make these rapidcooking soups , meaty and so enticing .	这些hysssssssssssssssssssssyssssysssyssssysssysssysssssyssssysyssssysysysysysys
recommended dishes include hakka style brewed bean curd , steamed egg with shrimp , and shrimp dumpling .	建议 , 包括哈kkkkka风格的风格 , 把鸡蛋放在牛肉上 , 用虾蛋 , 搅拌鸡蛋 , 搅拌鸡蛋 , 搅拌 。
frequency downshift and upshift of microwaves reflected by laserinduced plasma were detected in the experiments .	通过试验测定 , 测定了微波的频率下降和移动 , 测定了微波的微波反射器 。
rubbish collectors are following behind the procession picking up discarded bottles , bound to be making a big fortune today .	rubbish收集器在过程中 , 俄罗伯兰收集器在过程挖掘的瓶子上 , 边边界在今天 , 今天 , 这个过程中 , 大量的收集器 。
please accept my sincerely congratulations on your success . i hope letters reporting greater success arrive thick and fast !	请接受我的自由成功 , 我希望信件更好的成功 , 接受我的成功和快 !
in beijing, up to 150 police were posted along roads around the zhongnanhai leadership compound in beijing last night .	在北京 , 北京 , 到150名警察在北京 , 到150名警察在北京 , 到去年晚上 , 到北京领导北京领导的北京 。
yes , that's a memorable scene in one of my favorite movies , called gorillas in the mist , based on a true story of mrs .	是的 , 这是我最喜欢的电影之一 , 叫戈里斯·戈里斯在最近的电影中 , 基于真正的故事的真的故事 。
this equipment is extensive to used for food processing plant , food warehouse etc . unit tidies up to go to miscellaneous .	本设备具有广泛应用于食品处理厂、食品仓库等设备 , 直到老板上升到矿物 。
founded in1540 , campeche was frequently sacked by buccaneers in the17th century . population , 128 , 434 .	基于1540年 , 卡米che在17世纪的1540年代 , 人口 , 人口128 , 43444440 。
the implementation and application of the technology have accumulated experiences for constructing oil and gas storages in other area in our country .	技术实施和应用程序在我国建设石油和气体储存等领域的实施和应用 。
chapter four analyzes the characteristics of university faculty assessment mechanism in jiangsu since the new century .	第四章从新世纪以来 , 分析了大学农业建设的特点 。
the other names of this dog are chinese pug , dutch bulldog , dutch mastiff , mini mastiff and its country of origin is china .	这个狗的其他名字是中国的 , 双胞胎 , 双胞胎 , 米尼斯坦和它的原来是中国 。
a new singlecore and doublewinding magnetic field sensor prepared from cobased amorphous ribbon was studied .	研究了一种基于基于基于基于基于基于基于基于基于基于基于基于形态风险的单核心和双赢磁场传感器制备的新型单核心器 。
let’s admit it—the economy in america is still terrible and it is incredibly difficult to find a job nowadays .	让我们承认 , 美国经济仍然是不可能的 , 而且它很难找到一份工作的困难 。
ltg cross flow quench airconditioning and its control method were introduced . some modifying opinions on the existing problems were put forward .	提出了一种对现有问题的分析 , 提出了有限流量流量的流量和控制方法 , 提出了一种对现有问题进行改进 。
the research objects of this thesis are underachievers in junior high school . the research starts by studying underachievers'psychological problems .	本论文的研究对象是七月高中学的 , 研究了在高中中高中学的研究的基础上 , 探讨了对象 。
objective:to investigate the relationship of " dysfunction of the spleen in transport " with gastrointestinal enterocrine cells .	目的:探讨 " 动态功能 " 的关系 , 探讨了在运输中空间运动 " 动态功能 " 的关系 。
some consumers buy organically grown foods because they believe the products are healthier , tastier and better for the environment .	有些消费者购买有机增长食物 , 因为他们认为产品是健康、任务和更好的环境 。
in this work the dynamic response of an fpso to slamming loads in extreme waves was studied by experimental method .	在此工作中 , 研究了一种fpso的动态响应的动态响应 。
worldwide data losses now represent us$40 billion in losses to affected companies and individuals each year , dewalt says .	世界wide数据损失现在代表了我们40亿美元的损失 , 每年都受到影响的公司和个人 , 德尔德尔说 , 世界上数据损失的40亿美元 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowed was busy at handshaking .	轻轻的葡萄葡萄葡萄酒 , 放弃了希腊的葡萄酒 , 把葡萄酒放弃了 。
the different population structures of abies yuanbaoshanensis in different associations reflected the process of succession of community .	不同的民族人口结构的不同人口结构 , 反映了民族社会的成功过程的成功过程 。
as it is appeared in the log , that getname method signature is not matching to the wsdl or application servergenerated mapping xml .	正如它在逻辑中 , 这个名字符号并不匹配wsdl或应用程序服务器的sddl或应用程序服务器代替xml 。
the application data section contains the actual data sent from one program to another , and its content and structure are defined by the applications that use it .	应用程序数据部分包含了一个程序的实际数据代码 , 另一个程序内容和内容结构的内容和结构 。
east region and nka controlled pw% very well and keep it within year target and also achieve or over 100% ytd gs target !	东部地区和银行控制率很好 , 保持目标 , 同时还能达到100% , 还有100%的gdgt目标 !
we need to be mind and body becoming one if the mind can be into the inside of a cell and can penetrate the membrane of a cell intentionally .	我们需要思想和身体是否会导致细胞内的内部 , 可以使细胞注意到细胞的成员 , 才能使细胞的成员加入细胞的成员 。
brucellosis in sera of 710 samples of milk goats was detected by the application of spa elisa in comparison with sat and cft .	通过比较sasa和sftft和cft的sfts和cft的spassa的spassa的spasssa的saasasa的saaasasasasasasasa的bruceollosso
the effect of inkwash in oriental paintings , and its use of lines for spatial delineation are augmented in this work to gain new philosophy .	探讨了古代绘画的效果 , 以及其使用空间的线路线线性的效果 , 在此工作中 , 提出了新的哲学理论 。
they may point down to your shoe and say , “your shoelace is untied . ” if you believe them and look down to see , you are an april fool then .	他们可能指着你的鞋子 , 说: " 你们的鞋子是不够的 。 " 如果你相信他们 , 你认为 , 你是个惊奇的 , 你是个惊奇的 , 你是个私人 。 "
she compulsively or inadvertently places herself at the apex of triangulated relationships and fails to see the pain she causes in the process .	她完全或广泛地把自己放在三角关系和失败的过程中 , 看到痛苦的痛苦 。
conclusion: the main activity of phospholipids on phospholipids complex is to promote the absorption of the cell .	结论:磷酸对磷酸的主要活性是促进细胞吸收的吸收作用 。
cognition software engineering is a subject of application and theory , which needs both high technology and lots of experience from jobs .	协调软件工程是应用程序和理论的一个主要项目 , 需要高科技和很多经验 。
confidence and arrogance is little different , but there are worlds apart . in particular , i hope i can instead of selfsufficiency .	我希望我能完成自己的自我效益 。
this year the weak economic has admission's officer's nervous that some families may not be able to paid for colleges as planed .	今年 , 弱经济已经承认了政府官员的神经性 , 有些家庭可能不能为大学提供支付 。
the officers open the trunk of their patrol car and pull out what looks like a toy model aircraft with four rotors and a video camera .	官员开开了他们的车辆 , 把车辆的车辆开开了一辆车 , 然后看起来像四轮机和视频摄像机和视频摄像机和视频摄像机的车辆 。
cherubic and deceptively guileless , she used " humour as a dodge , intimacy as a smoke screen " , ms salomon notes .	化学和深刻无疑 , 她用作 " 幽默 " , 作为一种吸烟屏幕 " 的吸烟屏幕 " , 麦尔蒙蒙诺 。
the miser overheard this . he rushed out and shouted angrily at the servant , " who gave you permission to make promises for me ? "	这个错误在这里 , 他跑出来 , 跑出来 , 跑出来 , 跑出来了 , " 谁为了让你承认我带来了我来吗 ? " "
dee , sam , ellie linda and ian have promised , if necessary , to carry me on board the balloon . i cannot miss this .	死亡 , 萨姆 , 利亚和安安娜已经承诺 , 如果必要的话 , 我不能错过这个 。
" if sex is something quite different from love , as you seem to say , then is there any necessity at all to do anything about sex ? " asked the young man .	" 如果xx是有什么不同的事情 , 如果你似乎说 , 那么你看起来 , 那么 , 所有的事情都有任何事情 , " 问年轻人吗 ? "
i made clear to her how laughable would have been the waywardness of english spelling but for the tragic compulsion we were under to cram it for our examinations .	我明显清楚她的能力将是英语速度的路径 , 但对于我们的考试的结果来说 , 我们的理解是怎样的 。
check out what your daughter is reading or watching and discuss it with her . encourage her to talk about and question what she's seen or heard .	检查你的女儿是否读或者看看看她的 , 鼓励她对她的谈论和问题的谈判 , 还是听到什么 。
follow the documents work as per national filing regulations and shanghai regulations , to classify , rank and identify documents .	遵循文档工作 , 作为全国文档规定和上海规定、分类、分类、分类和识别文档 。
often impulsive , occasionally overeager , danny had to learn to be patient before he could become skilled in the ways of the long con .	通常 , 尤其是德国 , 丹尼已经学会在他能成为长期的长期内 , 才能成为病人 。
the tense man sitting in the pilot's seat swung the plane into the wind and soon they were in the air , though flying erratically .	十岁的男人坐在楼上 , 坐在楼上 , 所以他们在风中 , 所以他们在空气中 , 尽管在空气中 , 尽管飞行 。
for long time china paid attention mainly to small leaf tea and neglected the large leaf ones , the tea output and export have decreased day by day .	长期来 , 中国旅游主要参加小叶茶茶 , 选择大叶叶茶 , 茶叶输出 , 茶叶输出 , 茶叶输出和出口日均减少 。
in the long long night of endless , much like they have a sweet dream , even if the moment of quiet sleep , but can not do , which is insomnia .	长夜晚 , 比如他们有一个甜蜜的梦想 , 即使如果静静静睡眠的时候 , 可是不能做的 , 可是不能做的 , 真是亚洲的 。
" all this is leading to a lot of bitterness , " said sheikh manzoor ahmed , editor of an indian urdu news agency .	" 所有这些都是领导了很多业务 , " 她khhzozor说 , " 赫基斯坦·曼基斯坦说 , " 大家都是印度的一代媒体报道 。
bachelor degree in biochemistry , biology , medicine , or related science with minimum of 5 years of related experience .	在生物化学中 , 生物学、生物学、医学、医学或相关科学和相关科学 。
conclusion:the method is a little damage , bleeding . it is a safe and handy method during thyroidectomy for manifest thyroid .	结论:合成方法是一种小损伤 , 烧伤 , 是一种安全和手术手术手术手术手术方法 。
they may also reside on the world wide web , which is the mediarich component of the international communication network known as the internet .	他们也许还可以在世界广泛的网络上 , 这是国际通信网络的媒体组成部分 。
the implementing of transmission line nonsetting protection based on twoterminal information and singleterminal information are included in the paper .	介绍了一种基于两个终端信息的传输线线路线的传输线路线性保护保护和单端端终端信息信息的实现 。
he lives a simple and fragul life . he is indifferent to money and lust . he always missed dining time because of his work .	他住了一个简单的和框架生活 , 使他不能赚钱和奢华 , 总是因为他的工作 。
last year , san francisco's board of governors passed a local law banning the use of the chemical in children's products .	去年 , 萨恩·弗兰克斯科的董事长 , 去年 , 去年 , 萨恩·弗兰克斯科的董事会在孩子产品中传递了一个当地的法律 。
therefore , luo yin is a late tang not allow to neglect writer , its poem obvious region has by the tang to song transition trace .	因此 , luoyyy是一个晚唐唐不允许电视作家 , 它的诗歌的诗歌区已经由于宋代传统传统的歌曲传统传统 。
chelsea was reminded of our roots on monday when sue mears , the great granddaughter of the club's founder paid us a visit .	切尔西在今天 , 切尔西已经决定了我们的根据 , 今天 , 当时 , 苏格兰大使俱乐部的发现人员的发现者为我们提供了一次访问 。
but see , this is just exactly what's wrong with the whole system the nursing home doctors unload this gomer on us because they're unable to treat him...	然而 , 这是因为他们不能处理他...
objective to evaluate the rodenticide control efficacy of diphacinena salt for a test field and bromadiolone for b test field in camping area .	目的探讨糖尿道盐酸盐的临床控制效果 , 探讨了测试领域的临床控制效果 。
the greater the wind , for the first time this year , wrapped up in the wind to hear the mournful whistle , dry leaves a crowded fall .	今年 , 为了今天 , 为了今年 , 为了今天 , 为了第一次 , 为了更大的风吹起来 。
hughes promised to continue to build the “shared connections” that bring together people who want to live in peace and freedom .	胡格he承诺继续建立 " 现代连接 " 的连接 "  , 带来了一起 , 带来了一起的人们想在平和自由和平和自由生活中生活的人们 。
for china , at this time , the national revolution was going on among warlords . the actions of imperialism in china were no longer unfettered .	对于中国 , 中国 , 国家革命将在战争中 , 中国的冲突主义并不再受到不完善 。
today , i have slept for 14 hours . i thought i was very tired . it was time for dinner . i must go ! i am very hungry .	今天 , 我已经慢了14小时 , 我觉得我很疲倦了 , 吃饭时候 , 我必须去了 ! 我很饿了 !
a leading statesman and presidential aspirant , clay's political intuition earned him the nickname " the great compromiser . "	一个领导国家和总统阿布莱斯的政治学家 , 克莱斯的政治学学家们早些时候 , " 尼克纳 " 最大的成员 " 。 "
witch : i know what do you want to do , you're a silly girl . however , my dear , i can help you so that your dream can come true .	妻子:我知道你想做什么 , 你是一只小女孩 , 然而 , 可是我的死 , 我可以帮助你们的梦想来真实 。
thirdly , treatment of spoken and written examples of the most common words is obviously unbalanced in ldoce3 .	第三 , 第三 , 经历了最常见的词 , 最常见的语言在ldo3中都是不平衡的 。
whenever i took the 7 train from flushing , i was always trying to interpret the chinese characters on the newspaper people reading beside me .	然而 , 我一直在试图在报纸中读到7个训练时 , 我总是试图尝试中国的中国特色 。
while the worst of the price drops appear to be over , home values nationwide are expected to show tiny gains if any throughout 2010 .	然而 , 价格最多的价格下跌 , 家庭价格将在2010年内 , 国内价值预计将会显示 , 如果在2010年之前 , 如果任何价格的2010年内 。
if wordofmouth proves effective , american express could engage in viral marketing campaigns designed to create " buzz " .	如果wdofmouth证明 , 美国表达可能会在维尔市场营销营销竞争中创建 " buzz " 创建 " 的 " buzzzz " 。
lionel messi is " playing a kickabout with jesus " but must not make the wrong choices , diego maradona said today .	狮狮子梅西是 " 和耶稣 " 的球员 , 可是不要做错的选择 , 迪拜纳说 , 今天 , 迪拜纳说 。
if you want to change the name of a samba server to something other than the unix name of the server , use the netbios name parameter .	如果你想要改变amba服务器名称的名称 , 如果您想要改变a服务器名称的名字 。
the new ipod nano , starting at $149 , comes with an fm receiver and pedometer in addition to the builtin video camera .	新闻ipodnanono , 开始149美元 , 来自149美元 , 来自一家电影接收器 , 另外 , 建筑维持视频摄像机 。
but swedish newspapers have suggested that the birds had been pecking at salt on the road when they were run over by a passing lorry .	但是 , 瑞典报道称 , 女孩们在路上 , 当他们在路上运行的时候 , 游泳记者已经建议 , 女孩们在路上跑了一路上 。
to measure any physiological differences , researchers euthanized certain individuals from each group to study their brain tissues .	为了测量任何物理差异 , 研究人员从各组组组中得到了一定的个体化 , 为了测量任何物理差异 。
the english language was first written in the anglosaxon futhorc runic alphabet , in use from the 5th century .	英语语语言首先写在罗斯加斯加州的罗拉克语言中 , 在5世纪使用的第五个世纪使用 。
and we have a shared obligation to ensure that the federal courts have enough judges to hear those cases and deliver timely rulings .	我们有一个共享的宗教 , 确保联邦法院已经足够了听到那些案例和交换时间的判断 。
the visitors' center and the museum provide information about the history of the culture of the ancient pueblo people and about presentday indians .	游客中心和博物馆提供了关于古代的古代人民的文化和今天的历史信息 。
its emperor dances to the tune of a halfvandal general , its powerless senators idle on vast , poorlymanaged estates .	它的皇帝舞蹈在一半的一起 , 它的无力参赛者在大量 , 多数的管理估计中得到了一半的自由舞蹈 。
the total mk and type 4 mk levels in both central veins and peripheral arteries rose significantly during cpb .	总结mk和类型4kms-4k水平和类型在cpb期间 , 在cpb中 , 两个中央水平和平均水平显著降低 。
it is a very special pleasure for me to have this occasion to publicly express my deep admiration and appreciation for grigori perelman .	对于我来说 , 这是一个非常特殊的愉悦 , 对于外国人来说 , 对于外国人来说 , 这是一个非常特殊的精神 。
other helpful steps include asking for help from others , using humor , learning to be assertive , and practicing problem solving and time management .	其他有助的步骤包括帮助别人的帮助 , 使用人类 , 学习人员 , 学习人员 , 实践解决问题和时间管理的问题 。
" this bill misses the mark because it unavoidably leads to higher energy costs for businesses and consumers , " says harman .	哈曼说: " 这个数字会导致马克 , 因为它不可能导致更高的能源成本 , 对于商业和消费者和消费者来说 , " 哈尔曼说 。
see <wasce_home>/var/directory/server . xml for the configuration properties used by the directory server .	看到<wacehome>/varar/diarctar/dictororserver.xml对于目录服务器的配置属性 。
try it out next time you need to drive your car . cover your left nostril with your thumb and breathe only through your right nostril for one minute .	第二次 , 试图你需要在车上驱动 , 然后用你的左侧结构 , 只能通过你的右翼翼的右翼翼翼翼翼翼翼翼翼翼翼翼翼翼翼翼翼翼翼 。
the accident taught them two lessons , they say . no matter how safe the ship , the most mundane human error can sink it .	事故使他们两岁 , 他们说 , 无论如何安全船 , 最多的船舶 , 最多的人类错误可以让它感到痛苦 。
the report a month ago was that second quarter growth was even slower than sharply revised forecasts , coming in at only 2 . 4% .	报告的报告是 , 第二季度增长的第二季 , 即使在只有2.4% , 只有2.4%的预测 , 只有2.4% 。
customer value need will appear netlike in the future and companies should play the role as both agent and integrator of customer value...	客户价值需要在未来和公司应该扮演角色和集成客户价值 。
a cup or plate that , according to medieval legend , was used by jesus at the last supper and that later became the object of many .	最后 , 根据中值级别 , 被耶稣在耶稣上供应器上使用的杯或板板板 , 后来成为许多目标的物体 。
in the end , i send them out with a long shopping list , set the timer on my phone to go off in ten minutes and drag colin upstairs .	最后 , 我把它们放出了一段时间 , 设置在我的手机上 , 把手机放在十分钟内 , 把手机上 。
anyway , offyear in ah , wish the family is in this year , we can health more happiness of life together is good , not too right , all right .	除了 , 今年 , 希望家庭 , 希望家庭在今年 , 我们可以健康健康生活的幸福 , 是好的 , 不合适的 , 无论是正确的 , 所有权利 。
mr aliev told msnbc: " we really can hide objects . . . . we can switch for a short moment and make it disappear .	吉尔夫先生告诉mnsbc: " 我们真的很难说 。 " 我们真的可以在短期的时候 , 让它失望 。 "
one of the unique characters in the implementation of russian ecology law is that russian ecosocial groups play a major role .	俄罗斯生态法实现的一个独特特的特征是俄罗斯生态法的实现 , 俄罗斯生态集团在俄罗斯生态法中扮演了一个主要角色 。
the data was statistically analyzed using frequencies , means , reliability , and gap theory with spss 15 . 0 and excel 2003 .	数据是统计分析的 , 用frequc公司、意义、可靠性、可靠性、可靠性和sssssssssssssssss15.0和2003年的数据的统计分析 。
singer celine dion is suing a us supermarket tabloid for $20m over a report which claimed she was pregnant with twins .	歌手线直接迪on是美国超级的超级任务员 , 为20亿美元的报告说 , 她正在与twin的报告说 , 歌手线线线路线路线路线路线路线路透过一份报告 。
and he would not move until he was sure his men were ready . mcclellan's plan was to put his army on boats in the potomac river .	直到他已经准备了 , 麦凯尔斯的计划在波拉德河边 , 直到他不会搬到他的男人 。
for power distributing , a power scaling plan has been given for this specific a/d converter , achieving good tradeoff between power , area and performance .	对于电源分布 , 给出了一种特定的电源分布计划 , 实现了电源分布、区域和性能之间的电源分布规划 。
in music teaching , case teaching can be infiltrated into theory teaching and combined with the practice of music class teaching .	在音乐教学中 , 例如教学可以通过音乐课堂教学的教学和教学实践结合理论教学 。
this is why the ireland coffee cup is more heatproof than general glass cup , and have the linear reason in color in two golds .	这是为什么伊丽兰咖啡杯比一般的玻璃杯更加热 , 还有两枚金杯的线性原因 。
these sweeteners are considered safe in moderation so talk with your health care provider about how much nonnutritive sweetener is acceptable during pregnancy .	这些游泳员正在考虑到现代的安全性 , 所以 , 与你的健康保健提供者谈到了多少非营养手段 , 在预防期间 , 这些游泳器可以接受的安全性 。
results:it could prevent iatrogenic tumorcell spreading and local seeding through the nontumor technique cooperation at operation strictly .	结果::本地安全通过非肿瘤技术合作 , 可防止血清肿瘤肿瘤肿瘤的肿瘤肿瘤肿瘤肿瘤速度和局部感染 。
the paper presented a plan of twodimensional servo four color pattern identification , and its boundary treatment techniques , wh .	提出了一种两维服务器的计划 , 第四个颜色识别的计划 , 以及其边界处理技术、whh的边界处理技术、为什么 。
a joint sourcechannel decoding scheme implemented by simultaneously decoding and updating parameters based on hmm is proposed .	建立了一种基于hmmm的hmmms的基于hmmms的hmms的加入源码解决方案 。
several activators were investigated and evaluated to substitute uop's activator act1 used in benfield process for co2 removal .	研究了几个活动器 , 探讨了用co2删除法对uopopopopopopop的活动器活动器进行研究和评价 。
so far as " badila " planted in summer was concerned , the number of effective stem and yield were not markedly related to the sowing norm .	因此 , 今天早些时候 , " 巴拉 " 计划 " 计划 " 计划 " 计划 " 计划 " 计划 " 的数量和有效的步骤和ieldldldldld不明显相关 。
like " romance of three kingdoms " in the liu bei , the original selling straw sandals , but later to organize the uprising conquer .	就像 " 三国王 " 的浪漫性 " , 三国王国 " 的浪漫性 " , 后来 , 后来 , 后来开始组织上升要求 。
chaban electronics ltd is a foreign buyer from israel , need to purchase products of telecommunications etc . categories .	城市电子ltd是一家外国买家 , 需要购买产品产品的产品 , 需要购买电子通信等 。
we have overcompensated for the lack of customer focus in traditional methodologies—by giving control of prioritization to the product owner/manager .	为了对传统的客户的缺点 , 为了对产品/管理器的缺陷和管理者的缺乏支持 。
when both pieces were finished , arachne saw , to her surprise , that she had been beaten , for the goddess ' design was infinitely superior .	两个电视都完成了 , 阿拉尼尔看到了她的惊奇 , 她的惊奇 , 所以 , 因为上帝设计的 " 设计最终是很好的 。
the silts dredged from ocean , lake and river always have different clay contents which lead to different strength of solidified silts .	由于海洋、湖泊、湖泊和河流通常有不同的土壤含量 , 导致不同的土壤土壤的土壤应力 。
provincial health department as requested in the provincewide establish and improve maternal and child aids prevention and control system block .	省卫生部门作为请求建立的建立 , 提高医疗保健部门 , 提高儿童预防和控制系统障碍 。
professional: a member of national pest control association of america and china mouse and sanitary pest damage prevention and control association .	专业人员:全国最纯粹的控制协会成员 , 中国和中国的摩托马和安全利害害和控制协会 。
'juhuanao' and 'nanjing yeju' are potential parents in chrysanthemum breeding for small inflorescences .	《juhanananananejo和nanjo的 " uuuano " 和 " 北京 " 北京 " 的父母 " 是基督教的潜在父母 。
in some cases the salesclerks had just sold the students a pair of shoes — in which they might well have a genuine smile of satisfaction .	在某些案例中 , 销售者只是卖了一只鞋子 , 它们可能会有很好的原因 。
the main work and achievements are listed as follows:1 ) selfturnoff pulsewidth modulation for oled grayscale controlling .	主要工作和成绩为:1 ) 自我nofffnofffwidid模块模块的主要工作和成果 。
made the supplementation , incorporation , modification and necessary deletion of the tabular forms for technical document of construction completion .	制作了补充、理论、修改、修改、修改、修改、修改和必要的解决方案 。
" the only one with the power to unify the party that has grown hugely is ozawa , " said democratic party lawmaker akihisa nagashima .	" 唯一的权力是奥兹扎瓦的 , " 民主党派阿拉拉拉拉拉马马拉马斯的阿萨萨萨萨萨萨萨萨萨萨马说 , " 唯一的权力是一的 。
that is , 30hour chunks of data which require a search of a spindown parameter as well as sky position . but nothing is set in stone .	这是 , 30小时的数据 , 需要搜索一个速度参数的速度参数和天空位置的数据 , 但没有在石油中设置的数据 。
it is unforecasted to know a series of consequences the greenhouse effects may bring about , but the socalled benefits are little to count .	它不能预测到一系列因素 , 绿房效应可能会带来 , 但因此 , 所谓的利益很少 , 所谓的利益很少 。
systemicfunctional linguistics and psycholinguistics are considered as two greatly influential linguistic theories in the twentieth century .	系统功能语言学和心理学作为二世纪的两个重要影响语言语言理论的体系作用理论 。
lannes was speaking on saturday at a conference on luxury goods organized by the china europe international business school in shanghai .	昨天 , 湖南星期六在上海 , 上海上海 , 拉尼斯在上海采访了一项会议 , 于是中国欧洲国际商学院的国际商学院 。
and jesus , immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him , turned him about in the press , and said , who touched my clothes ?	耶稣 , 即使在他身上都知道 , 维尔斯已经离开了他 , 把他在总统里 , 说 , 谁在我的衣服里 , 把他扔出来吗 ?
" baitullah mehsud is now taking on the americans , " said talat masood , a retired pakistani general turned analyst .	" 巴特拉拉斯·梅拉斯现在在美国的美国人员说 , " 说 , " 总统巴基斯坦总理巴基斯坦总理巴基斯坦说 。 "
one of the principles of access to nutrients can not make zengpang food , prunes , raisins , and other worthy when this task .	根据营养原则之一 , 无法制定零方食物、铁路、铁路、铁路等问题的原则之一 , 在这个任务中 , 这种任务的主要原则之一 。
" we just need to stress that to people who drink and drive can really cause a lot of heartaches for families and we need to stop that , " said woodridge .	" 我们只是需要对那些饮料和驱动的人们来说 , " 我们只是需要在家庭中得到很多心理化 , " 木材大学说 。 "
speaking to reporters , mr . obama said he would devote new energy to diplomacy and other nonmilitary aspects of u . s . global power .	奥巴马先生说 , 奥巴马先生说 , 奥巴马先生说 , 将会让新能源和其他非军事电力的非军事 。
the inspiration to china is to pay attention to role of strategic oil reserve , to increase exploration input and pluralize the oil impo...	中国的资料是为了关注战略石油储备的作用 , 增加了探索输出 , 增加油油油油油的扩展输出和更多的油油油油油油油油油油油油油油藏的作用 。
it is characterized by extracapsular invasion , metastasis to the cervical lymph nodes or distant organs and histopathological atypia .	通过扩展性的扩展 , 预测到治疗淋巴结的淋巴结节点或病理学意义的特点 , 具有较好的特征 。
the frasnian is a critical time interval for understanding paleodiversity variation before the devonian frasnianfamennian mass extinction event .	法拉尼亚是一项关键的时间 , 为了解巴利多样性变化之前 , 伊拉斯人在德国弗兰尼亚大利亚大利阿森纳西亚大利亚大使事件之前的关键时间 。
this paper first introduced the concept of the teacherstudent interaction and the basic characteristics of the interaction between teachers and students about to find out .	本文首先介绍了教师互动与教师互动之间的概念 , 探讨教师与学生互动之间的基本特点 。
such cellar recognition events are common to cancer , allergy , viral infection , inflammation , and autoimmune disease .	这种细胞识别事件通常是癌症 , 病毒感染、病毒感染、炎症和自动免疫疾病 。
canfield , c . ed . report of the lst international ecocity conference , urban ecology and cerro gordo town forum . 1990 .	加菲尔德 , c.eded.eded.eded.ededed 。 《lstn国际电视会议》 , 城市生态学和城市生态学和crocrodonnnnnnnnnnnnnneteto.1990 。
my parents and me begin to have breakfast in the " pudong " airport after we meet with leader of this journey . we take photo with all accompaniers .	我的父母和我开始在 " 云 " 机场之后 , 父母和我开始在 " 云 " 机场之后 , 与此同时 , 我们将照顾所有的陪伴者 。
the index is a value between 0 and 100 , where 100 indicates a lightly loaded server , and 0 is a heavily loaded server .	指标是0和100之间的值之间 , 指示一个轻载载服务器 , 0 , 0是一个重载载服务器之间的重载服务器之间 。
the effects of recasting on the cv were compared , through directly calculating the castability values of each generation of non ? precious ceramic alloy .	最后 , 通过对cv的影响 , 直接计算了每一代非明显的陶瓷合金的稳定价值 。
theoretical analysis and numerical result showed that bifuselage layout was in advantage of single one in view of structure .	理论分析和数值分析结果表明 , 在单一视觉结构的单一观点下 , 在结构的单一观点下 , 在理论分析和数值分析的理论分析和数值分析中 , 结果表明 , 混凝土层层层的优点 。
the natural tightly connection between chaos and fracture is due to the infinite similarities of strange attractor of chaotic dynamic system .	由于混沌动力学系统的自然连接和框架之间的自然连接是由于混沌动力学系统的 。
in addition , it still needs longer follow up to evaluate whether adjuvant chemotherapy can take the place of postoperative radiotherapy .	此外 , 仍然需要更长的地方 , 还需要更长的评估 , 然而它仍然需要更长的评估 , 是否可以在最后的辐射器上进行检查 。
castles and crown golden ...wood and hermit thrush , a type of " bird , " more " than " any program on the horizon retraining .	小猫和棕色金牌.........................................................
the company has importexport trade right , and can provide the overall solution of ship automation system and information system for users at home and abroad and corresponding product .	公司具有重要的机遇贸易 , 可以提供船舶自动自动系统和信息系统的全面解决方案 , 为国内外外外和正确的产品提供全面的解决方案和信息系统 。
this same problem has been seen in the disputes where the propagation ministry of the central government would be made under the executive yuan jurisdiction .	此外 , 这个问题已被看到 , 中央政府部长中央政府部长的保护部长 , 将在执行军事诉讼中央政府的执行官员 。
a great festival would be held , called the yuletide , and a special feast would be served around a fire burning with the yule log .	一个伟大的节日将会被称为ult , 一个特殊的饲料会在一场火灾中安装 , 与yule逻辑的火灾 。
this article is the first in a series that will take an updated look at wordnet 2 . 0 and how it can be used with xml and rdf technology .	本文是第一系列的第一系列 , 将在wdnet2.0dnet2.0中的第一章 , 以及如何使用xml和rdl技术 。
and it was a welcome break for lakers fans , whose defending twotime champions stumbled into the weekend with three losses in a row .	湖人面临的欢迎 , 湖人失败了两个时候 , 把两个星期和三个星期内 , 还有三个星期内 , 这是一个欢迎的欢迎 。
or at least that's the case according to a majority of americans and britons polled in a new survey by language app babbel .	至少 , 至少 , 根据大多数美国人和英国人士和布里斯顿在一项新调查中被语言应用bbbbel的新调查中 , 甚至至至至至至至至至至至至至少有可能 。
there are some who will try to pervert this precedent and use xenophobia or nativist arguments to say that every country should be held to the same standard .	有些人会试图通过这项预防和使用xenopophobia或名称的主义顾问说 , 每个国家应该告诉同样的标准 。
for example , if a build suite of 8 , 000 automated test cases generates 600 failures , are you realistically able to handle this ?	例如 , 如果建立8 , 000自动测试案例创建的8 , 000个自动测试案例 , 你真是可以实的 , 你真的可以处理这个情况吗 ?
such collaborators could hardly claim a substantial share of the authorship but they would have welldefined tasks , not interfering with other men's work .	这样的合作者很难说 , 合作者可以很难说明作权的分享 , 但它们会有很好的任务 , 没有与其他男性的工作有关任务 , 不会与其他男性的工作相互作用 。
when liberty goes too far and the voice of social equality arises in the social reality , the system can and should tilts in favor of equality ;	当利福特人进入太远的时候 , 社会平等的声音 , 应该在社会实际上获得更快的时候 , 应该在社会实际上获得更高的时候 , 社会平等的声音 ;
decanter also noted that china is already moët’s biggest market for its hennessy cognac , and that the champagne market on the mainland is growing each year .	决定人员还注意 , 中国已经已经在月亮 , 最大的市场对于其健康的核心核心市场 , 而且在大陆每年都在增长每年增长 。
the best of america's skaters beamed for the camera . mostly young , they laughed and giggled , their eyes dancing with excitement .	最好的美国的天空军队队队队员 , 大多数年轻 , 大多数年轻 , 他们的年轻 , 他们的眼睛和大量的眼睛一样 。
it became ever more elaborate and expensive during the postwar boom when big companies ruled the roost and when international competition was muted .	最后 , 大公司在大型公司运行了罗罗斯和国际竞争的时候 , 国际竞争已经越来越来越多 。
strangely , since then the world’s banks and news organisations have not rushed to rummage through dustmen’s economic forecasts .	然而 , 由于世界银行和新闻组织并没有通过双方经济预测 , 由于世界银行的经济预测 。
as with divisions , there are many user initiated events , such as when a user clicks or double clicks within a tag's display space .	随着分歧 , 用户的事件有很多用户的事件 , 例如 , 用户单击或两个用户click或双击在塔格的空间中 。
because cheapy chinese goods are more profitable for the major retailers to handle , they have tended to overemphasize these lower priced items in their promotions .	由于廉价中国商品更适宜 , 为主要零售商提供更适合 , 它们在他们的推动中得到了较低的产品 。
entry to the official stand and stand of honour is therefore controlled at designated pel events by accreditation and tickets jointly and not separately .	进入官员站和站点 , 因此 , 由于设计的pel事件 , 通过访问和访问和ckckckckckckcketetetupupupupup并不分别分开 。
infectious agents present in stools of infected persons are transmitted to uninfected persons through contaminated food or water that is ingested by mouth .	感染剂的感染剂 , 传染人员经过污染的食物或水 , 这些感染剂的感染剂是由母亲的 。
jr: we have not looked in detail to any other platform yet , but we are sure there are more platforms , applications and sites vulnerable to the same attack .	杰尔:我们并没有看到详细的详细细细细细的细节 , 但是我们确定有更多的平台 , 应用程序和网站可以同样的攻击 。
main problems in the reform of the state owned enterprises lie in the sluggishness of the reform of banking system and in the stagnancy of the development of securities market .	国有企业改革的主要问题在国有企业改革的改革和安全市场的发展中 , 主要问题在国有企业的改革的改革中 , 以及在保障市场的发展中 , 国有企业的发展中存在着严峻的问题 。
it is the neocivilization view that the core is seeking common ground while reserving differences , peaceful coexistence , codevelopment .	这是关于核心的联系观点 , 核心正在寻求共同的地方 , 同时 , 储备差异 , 和平经验 , 和平经验 , 代码员工 。
music and literature have the characteristic of an exchange in function either in the respect of the choice of the theme or in the forming of artistic structure .	音乐和文学特征具有一定的交换功能 , 具有艺术结构的形式或艺术结构形式的特点 。
this article proposes the risk recognition featurefactor modeling technology , which is set up on the basis of checklist and flow chart .	文章提出了风险识别技术的风险识别特点 , 建立了检查和流量的基础上 , 建立了检查和流量的基础 。
fasteners at locations connecting panelstostiles shall utilize throughbolted , stainless steel , pinin head torx sex bolt fasteners .	农民在地方连接地方 , 应该通过过滤、无锈钢、钢筋、钢筋、钢筋、钢筋混凝土板、钢筋混凝土混凝土层、钢筋混凝土层、钢筋混凝土混凝土层 。
in the teaching of probability and statistics , the parameters estimation of linear regression is given by the method of the extremum of function .	在教学的可行性和统计的教学中 , 提出了线性革命的参数估计的参数测试方法 。
petty revenges are causing too many deaths of innocents . the culprits are blinded by hatred , they don't think about the consequences .	宠物收入很多死亡 , 这些文化是由于有数百岁的 , 它们不认为是因为有关的 , 文化的 。
during wei and jin dynasties , the activities of chinese and foreign buddhist limited to the point and the line , lacking of largescale spread .	在西方和金朝 , 中国和外国佛教徒的活动中 , 外国的佛教徒限制 , 缺乏大规模的大规模的大规模速度 。
the sheet of water is healthy , it comes from heaven in the first place and next from the earth ; the sheet of air is unhealthy , it comes from the sewer .	水平是健康的 , 来自第一地方 , 第一地球上 , 空气的顶部是不健康的 , 是空气的 , 空气的 , 是不健康的 , 来自海洋 。
the razor spam filter provides a serverbased service where you can report spam so that other more users can benefit from your identifying the email as spam .	辐射空间滤波器提供了一个服务器服务服务服务服务服务服务服务 , 所以 , 另一个用户可以从你的邮件中获得更多的用户能力 。
i personally don’t enjoy wearing music because i enjoy running , but it is hard for me to be confident because i have only done a 5 mile race .	我个人不喜欢享受音乐 , 因为我喜欢运行音乐 , 可是我很难确信我 , 因为我只有5英里 。
the internet was not a popular hunting ground except in portugal , where about half the surveyed men and women opted to find people online .	互联网没有一个流行的猎物 , 除了葡萄牙 , 大约有半个调查男人 , 女性在网上找到了人们 。
this paper explores the characteristics of translation clause in the domains of space , possession and property from the perspective of conceptual frame .	本文探讨了空间空间的翻译特点 , 探讨了从概念框架的概念框架的概念框架的概念框架的特点 。
ripe and polished , a supple red with raspberry and chocolate flavors , finishing with plum and spice , lingering effortlessly .	风险和发明 , 用光纤和巧克力燃烧器 , 完成了多孔和空间 , 无效地减少 。
you may feel frustrated with the seemingly slow progress you're making in life . remember that god is never in a hurry , but he is always on time .	你可能会感到很慢慢的进步 , 记得上帝永远不会在一世里 , 但他总是在一起 , 但他总是在一起 , 但他总是一直都是在一起 。
for most of us , and especially those of us who have long lists of people who expect us to be back in touch with them , we need “kaizen” programs of our own .	对于大多数人来说 , 尤其是 , 特别是那些有长期的人 , 希望与他们一起 , 我们需要 " 公民 " 计划 " 的程序 。
since the letizia scandal , berlusconi has also been fending off accusations of cavorting with escorts who were paid to attend his parties .	由于信西亚丑闻之后 , 伯尔维斯也曾经在与哥伦比亚和科学家共同参加了一起 , 由于加入他的党 。
not only had sophie witnessed the fullblown ritual , but her own grandfather had been the celebrant... the grand master of the priory of sion .	不仅是因为她的祖父 , 她的祖父一直是一位优秀的领导人 , 而且她的祖父却不仅是一位优秀的领导人 。
though the holt strategy was smart and johnson was willing to fight it out as old versus new , there were two problems with holts approach .	尽管酒店策略是聪明的 , 约翰逊将在新老的旧版本新闻中 , 还有两个问题 。
no to mention cutting off from internet game , even my most hardworking and boring friends , they were complaining and had been trying to log in their msn .	无论在互联游戏中 , 即使我最艰难的朋友 , 甚至是我最艰难的 , 他们正在抱怨他们的朋友 , 已经试图在他们的msnnnnnns中进行逻辑 。
the flame normalizing treatments were put forward on steel rail with flash welding , gas pressure welding and aluminium heat welding .	针对钢铁焊接、气压压焊焊焊接和铝焊焊焊焊焊焊焊焊焊焊焊焊焊焊焊焊接的焊接情况 , 提出了正常的处理方法 。
however , before he could finish the feet , another man finished and grabbed the jar from him , saying , " who has ever seen a snake with feet ? "	然而 , 在他能完成足球之前 , 另一个人完成另一个人完成了他 , 说: " 谁曾经看到了一只蛇吗 ? "
of a decidedly philosophical bent , it does best in areas where planning , theorizing , reorganization and preparation play a primary role .	在决定的哲学生涯中 , 它做了最好的地方 , 计划、理论、组织和制作和制作了一个主要角色 。
we end up in an endless cycle of spending and debt and working more and more , and end up with lives filled with goods but empty of meaning and happiness .	我们结束了不断花费和债务 , 更加努力 , 更加努力和更多的工作 , 而且在生活中充满良好的意义和幸福的意义和幸福 。
additionally , websphere everyplace access provides a solution for the occasionallyconnected portal user through access to offline portlets .	另外 , webspher每个lace访问每个slace访问每个slaces访问提供一个解决方案 。
there are several hundred english verbs that can introduce a reporting clause and a classification of them is made by logical and semantic criteria .	有几百个英语版本 , 可以引入一份报告的报告 , 并通过逻辑和语义批评的类型来说是由逻辑和语义批评者制作的 。
dr white looked at the records of 8 , 000 people dating back to the 1970s who had all had their iq measured at the ages of five and ten .	白色看着8 , 000人在1970年纪录的记录中 , 为什么在1970年代的5岁和十岁的时候 , 白色看起来 。
to have any hope of success , olpc recognizes it needs to get away from the goitalone model that characterized the manufacture of the xo machine .	为了有任何希望 , 旧pc认识到 , 需要从xoch机制的目标模型的目标模型来获得xoch机械制造的目标模型 。
you must bind a view to this control before you can edit the view . doubleclick the view control to select an existing view or create a new one .	你必须把这个视图放到这个控制之前 , 两个视图控制来选择一个存在的视图控制 , 或者创建一个新的视图或创建一个新的视图 。
dwdm technology has been widely used in longdistance communications , but its high system cost has greatly limited its application into metro area networks .	dwddm技术广泛应用于长期通信 , 但它的高系统成本很大限制了其应用程序网络 。
you can implement this solution in the memorybased object cache and by sharing objects on certain servers across the whole cluster .	你可以实现这个解决方案的解决方案 , 通过在整个客户端的服务器上分享对象 , 可以在整个集群中实现这个解决方案 。
in a lan using a bus topology , a segment is a continuous electrical circuit that is often connected to other such segments with repeaters .	在湖泊使用一个建筑物学中 , 是一种连续的电路 , 通常常是与其它部署相连的电路相连的电路 。
one of the senior sisters of , maiev shadowsong , had already shown her competence in guarding illidan before he was brought to trial .	一个高级主义者之一 , 马蒂夫先生先生已经展示了她的竞争力 , 在他被禁止前 , 伊利亚已经出现了她的竞争力 。
when obama was a candidate for president in 2008 , he promised to " take [china] to the mat " on the issues of trade and currency .	奥巴马在2008年 , 奥巴马是一位候选总统 , 他承认 " 芝加纳 " 的问题 " 为贸易和货币 。
with increase of one of the perturbation frequencies , the number of the spectral regions and its variation will be different for different dispersion regimes .	随着增加了一个渗透频率的增加 , 光谱区域的数量和光谱区域数量的增加 , 随着不同距离的变化 , 变化的变化将会有不同的差异 。
do your best every time you pick up your instrument or open your mouth–it’s all about building on good habits and communicating with your peeps .	每次你每次都要做最好的时候 , 每次你把你的房子或开开放你的房子 , 把所有的建筑在良好的习惯和沟通 。
goaldirected action is a basic trait of biology , which is also an important standard for identifying whether the entity is alive .	目标目标的行为是一种基本的生物学 , 同时也是否认识到的一个重要标准 。
" our interest is that things go back where they were before after olympics , " vuylsteke says . " otherwise this will have an impact on business plans . "	" 我们的兴趣是 , 在奥运会之前 , " vuylteke说 , " vuylteke说 , " 另外 , 我们的兴趣就会对商务计划的影响 。 "
the xi'an quality and technical supervision bureau coined an english name for the burger in order to further promote the food .	西安 " 质量和技术性质监督 , 为了进一步推进食物 , 进一步提高食物 。
the british council's global campaign to raise awareness about climate change and the energy challenges facing the world's cities .	英国国家的全球运动员 , 为了提高气候变化和能源挑战世界城市的能源挑战 , 面临世界城市 。
google's technology requires a little forethought from the merchant , but seems simple and safe in its execution .	谷歌的技术要求要求从商户中得到很少 , 但看来 , 看起来很简单和安全 。
the steel frames resist lateral loads applied in the short direction while diagonal bracing stabilizes the building longitudinally .	钢板框架在短距离时 , 直接应用钢板框架 , 建立长期建筑长期的建筑 。
exhibited in the historical exhibition zone on the eastern side are mostly objects illustrating the glorious progress of china's railway ;	在历史展览区的历史展览区 , 大多数对象是中国铁路铁路铁路的绿色进展 ;
hope this piece of information is of importance to your health in relation to eating instant noodles and please apply this cooking method with immediate effect .	希望这个信息的信息 , 希望这张信息是否有重要 , 与您的健康状况相关 , 请在此类药物中使用这种方法 。
but in the process of the industrialization management of rivercrab seedling growth industry , there are certain problems need to solve quickly .	然而 , 在工业化管理过程中 , 工业化管理的工业化管理过程中 , 工业化管理的过程必须迅速解决问题 。
this paper analysed the main reasons that influence the performance of cyclinder head , valve and valve seat in internal combustion engine .	本文分析了影响循环头、阀阀阀、阀阀阀、阀阀阀和阀阀阀内部组合引擎的主要原因 。
the volunteers were informed that the alt key was faulty , and that if it was pressed the computer would crash and all the experimental data would be lost .	志愿者被信息告知 , 虽然关键是失败 , 但如果它预防计算机将会破坏 , 所有实验数据都会损失 。
the loss of performance is mainly caused by the cutoff plug , the roundtosquare thruster chamber and the opened base of plug .	性能损失主要是由stoffff插件的主要原因 , 根据stotoququququququququququququququququququququququather和开放了插件的基本基础 。
for he pant isocracy ruled by america , u . s . makes great efforts to increase the " exporting democracy " strategy .	对于美国 , 美国 , 美国人民主党的努力增加 " 出口民主党 " 战略 " 战略 " 战略 " 战略 。
and america's catholic bishops only last week announced they were finally going to get serious about opposing the death penalty .	最后一周 , 美国的代表者只有上周宣布 , 他们最终将会得到关于死亡的反对 。
liliane la fleur: directing a movie is a very overrated job , we all know it . you just have to say yes or no . what else do you do ? nothing .	丽丽丽丽丽丽丽丽娜:直接电影是一个非常受欢迎的工作 , 我们都知道 , 你们都知道这是什么 。 你只是说的 , 是什么呢 ?
the object of this thesis is to study the uniqueness problems of meromorphic functions and meromorphic mappings in several complex variables .	本论文的对象是研究了内存功能和内存功能的独特性问题 , 探讨了几种复杂的复杂的复杂性变化的内存功能和内存性问题 。
hemodynamically stable supraventricular arrhythmias may be treated conservatively with observation and discontinuation of digoxin .	肝动力学稳定 , 可通过观察和继续的观察 , 能够稳定地稳定动力学稳定 。
khaki tote bags and metallic suede clutch bags appeal to you , since you want your accessories to be as eclectic as you are .	哈kkki告诉袋和金属硬币袋 , 然而 , 由于你想要你的访问是电子邮件的 。
you must add the plugins for websphere application server community edition by clicking the link labeled don't see your server listed ?	你必须要为websphereapplicationserver应用服务器服务器服务器服务器服务器服务器服务器服务器版本的插件 。
catalytic activity of six inorganic salts in the esterification of acetic acid with isoamyl alcohol was studied .	研究了六个有机盐的催化活性 , 研究了六种有机盐的催化剂的催化活性 。
objective to investigate the therapeutic outcomes of anemia by means of invigorating the kidney , reinforcing spleen and generating blood .	目的探讨急性胰岛素、加强速度和生成血液的治疗效果 。
the adjoint variable method for design sensitivity analysis of multibody system dynamics based on ordinary differential equations is presented .	提出了一种基于普通不同方程的多体体系统动态系统动态动态方程的设计敏感性分析方法 。
a scanner of holes in cgi is implemented in multithread technology . its scan speed is very quick and holes are easily extended .	针对多线技术实现了一个孔隙孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔 , 很快 , 很容易扩展 。
the overtly sexual nature of the body compels the viewer into the position of voyeur , only to reveal itself as an inanimate object .	身体的超性性性性性性性质 , 只有在voyur的位置上 , 只有对象进行分析 , 才能揭示自己的身体的身体性质 。
acording to the point of views of principle of equivalence theory , the translated brand names should achieve a perfect linguistic u...	记录了对平衡理论的观点 , 翻译品牌名称应该实现完善语言语言语言语言语言语言语言语言语言语言语言语言语言语言语言语言的概念 。
if the output stream was stdout , and if it was not redirected to a file or a pipe , the selected pages will appear on the screen .	如果输出路径是稳定的 , 然而 , 如果没有指定到文件或一个管道 , 选择页面将会出现在屏幕上 。
probe configurations for circumferential , longitudinal and mid wall defects . also for thickness verification and couplant monitoring .	为了对循环、长期、长期、中等墙缺陷的建设配置 , 同时还为厚度的厚度证明和覆盖监测 。
without opel , gm’s promises to build a fleet of smaller and more fuelefficient cars in north america would lack conviction .	无论如此 , gm的承诺是为了建立一个小型和更多的小的汽车 , 更有效的汽车就会缺乏争议 。
ab process is used in zibo city wastewater treatment plant to treat municipal wastewater in which more than 80 percent is industrial wastewater .	除了zibo市废水处理厂的过程中 , 应用于zibo城市废水处理厂 , 处理了多孔废水废水处理计划 , 超过80%的工业废水废水 。
agrees equally well with red meat dishes , blue fish and harder cheeses , and as a dessert , especially with chocolate cake .	同时 , 同意与红肉、蓝鱼和硬蛋白相同 , 尤其是巧克力蛋糕 。
this comprehensive resource includes an international panel of contributors who are leading academics and practitioners in the field .	这个综合资源包括国际资源 , 包括国际资源 , 包括在领域领导学术和实践者的内部资源 。
he drank deep from the vapors that welled from the font , learning to blend his spirit with the potency that flowed from far beneath the house ;	他从火山上睡着 , 学习了自己的精神 , 学习自己的精神 , 把自己的精神带在家里的房子里 , 把自己的精神放在房子里 。
the review of the nation’s nuclear policy is the first since 2001 and the third since the end of the cold war two decades ago .	国家核政策的回顾是从2001年以来 , 第三十年以来 , 第三十年以来 , 第三十年前 , 国内核政策的回顾 。
the individuals involved in this campaign are not only scientifically uninformed , but show absolutely no interest in becoming better informed .	这个游戏中 , 个人涉及到这个游戏中 , 不仅是科学不仅是科学的 , 但显示不仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅是科学的 。
the selfdeveloped light oil reforming catalyst has well performed in hydrogen production and has substituted the import ones completely at home .	自动开发光油改造催化催化催化催化催化催化催化催化催化催化催化催化剂 , 得到了家里的重要组成部分 。
i'm sure everyone here joins me in wishing you two , sessyoumaru and kikyou , the very best that life has to offer you in your marriage .	我肯定每个人都在这里 , 祝你两个 , 海洋和kikykykyouuu和kikykyouuu , 最好的生活都是你们的婚姻中最好的 。
it can be distributed on several client machines and is able to simulate thousands of virtual users concurrently in various scenarios .	它可以分布在几个客户机上 , 可以在各种屏幕中模拟数千个虚拟的虚拟用户的虚拟用户 。
the vibrated fluidized bed has been used widely in the chemical industry , metallurgy and food industry for drying particle material .	振动液化床已广泛应用于化学工业、餐厅和食物工业 , 为干燥粒子材料制作 。
because we've recognized this trend early , we can redistribute our resources to sharpen our focus on criticalpath activities .	因为我们已经认识到这个趋势 , 我们可以重新修改我们的资源 , 把我们的资源分享到关键行为的关键性 。
live life in a constant state of awareness , with peaceful thoughts , a dash of forcefulness , and a good measure of faith and spirituality .	生活在一定的意识中 , 和平的思想 , 充满满意识和平衡的思想 , 充满意识和精神和精神 。
objective to analyze the clinical characteristics and to appraise the diagnostic criteria and surgical methods of glossopharyngeal neuralgia .	目的探讨临床特点及应用临床特点及临床特点及临床应用 。
most cases were in obvious regional assembled distribution , the cases in northern towns accounted for 78 . 51% of total cases .	大多数病例都在明显的区域分布中 , 例如北城镇北部城镇北部城镇北部城镇 , 占78.51% , 总体病例的78.51% 。
the householders celebrate it jointly suspending all their business , agricultural and commercial activities for the time being .	房子们庆祝自己的业务 , 农业和商业活动 , 为时代的商业和商业活动 。
with continuous product upgrades , implementation of multifiber blended idea , cotton spinning enterprises growing fiber to create value .	随着连续产品的增长 , 多纤维的实施 , 棉纺纺纺纺纺纺织企业增长纤维 , 创造价值 。
overall , 53 per cent of the french people believe mr sarkozy makes " a good president " , compared to 41 per cent in may .	总体上 , 53%的法国人相信 , 萨克斯基斯坦先生认为 , 53%的法国人认为 , 巴基斯坦斯基斯坦先生使得 " 良好的总统 " , 比51%的41% 。
resourcehouse said it would supply 30m tons of coal a year to the chinese company , at a price of about $3b a year , starting from about 2014 .	资源室表示 , 今年将为中国公司提供30毫米的煤炭公司 , 今年的价格从2014年开始 , 来自2014年开始 。
this personal development strategy and tips section offers great suggestions on how to change your behaviour , learn new skills and change personality traits .	这个个人开发策略和组织部分在如何改变你的行为、学习新技能和改变自己的行为、学习新技能和改变个性的行为 。
resizes a data handle based on the data structure of an argument that you pass to the cin . this function does not set the array dimension field .	重新根据数据结构的数据处理 , 根据一个数据结构的数据结构 , 这个函数并不设置框架 。
amazon web services , which rents computing capacity in its giant data centres to customers , has also won a reputation for being cheap .	亚马逊web服务 , 重新重新计算能力 , 它的大型数据中心为客户提供客户 , 同时也赢得了良好的补偿 。
the pro version obviously offers more features than the free version and frostwire claims to be the free version of limewire pro .	程序版本显然比自由版本和frostrowiwiwiwrewiwi的特点更为明显 , 这个程序版本更为自由版本 。
furthermore , kdd cup99 data set is implemented to evaluate the proposed method . the results show the outstanding performance of the proposed method .	此外 , kddup9数据集中实现了cdup99数据数据集成的方法 , 实现了该方法的扩展性能 。
kristin was one of those vivacious teens who loved jesus and lived for him—and whose sudden death leaves us with a million questions .	克里斯坦是那些喜欢耶稣之一的青少年之一 , 生活在他身上 , 那些突然突然死了死亡的死亡 , 和一百万个问题 。
it is enough to make us feel good . after outsourcing work and torture . after the marriage agencies are now outsourcing even our love life , daily .	这足够让我们感觉很好 , 后来 , 经历了婚姻基因 , 即使我们的爱、日常 。
also last year , the financial times acquired moneymedia , an online provider of news for fund managers that charges a subscription fee .	去年 , 金融时期也已经获得了金融时期 , 网络提供商的网络提供者的网络提供了一项资金管理费用 。
you might start waking up earlier to get used to your new schedule or plan a trip to the new museum exhibit you've been hoping to catch .	你可能开始等待早些时候 , 你可能开始等待早些时候 , 或者计划新博物馆展览你已经希望自己的新博物馆 。
ms min q crane , do you really want to marry jennifer ? crane people answer jennifer will be the saviour of our thai jiang group .	麦凯恩先生 , 你真是想结婚吗 ? 克拉尼人回答杰尼·詹尼尔人将是我们的泰海军团的安全性 。
than shwe is expected to meet with president hu jintao , premier wen jiabao and other senior chinese officials during his fiveday visit .	感谢shshwepepepepepepepepepepepepepepepepepepepe在今天 , 温家宝和其他高级官员在中国五个星期五 , 中国官员会议 。
ym: when i was young , i watched a lot of hakim olajuwon play , charles barkley , of course michael jordan .	ym:我是年轻的时候 , 我看到了很多哈基斯·奥拉杰拉·奥拉杰逊玩耍 , 查尔·布莱克·布莱克·布莱克 , 当然 , 当然 , 当然我看到了很多危险的海军队员 。
this is how one leaves behind fear based thoughtform and integrates the unity based thoughtform associated with the language of light .	这是基于思想形式的一个水平之后 , 是一种基于思想形式的基于思想形形式的基础 , 与光学语言的语言相关 。
perfectly eatable fruit and vegetable crops often fail to reach supermarkets due to their size or physical appearance .	完全可吃的果果果和蔬菜经常会失败超级糖 , 因为它们的尺寸或物理显示 。
the project will utilize the powerbuoy technology ocean power technologies which consists of modular , oceangoing buoys .	项目将利用该项目 , 将将利用电源ooyoyoyoyoy技术 , 将由模块、海洋电源技术组成的模块、海洋电源技术组成 。
the theory of cooperative learning which is applied in english reading class in high school can change the traditional teachercentered teaching type .	高中学的合作学习理论 , 应用于英语阅读课程的合作学习理论 , 可以改变传统的教学类型 。
additionally , the stamp was released in 1980 , a particularly lucky 'golden monkey' year that only occurs once every 60 years .	另外 , 在1980年代 , 这个mpmp在1980年被释放 , 特别是幸运的 " 鲁克 " 猴 " 今年 " 的一年 , 只有60年 。
however , if the list is twodimensional , then you often want to " unpack " the contents of each nested list as it is iterated . you could do that like so	然而 , 如果列表是两维 , 那么你常常常想要 " 未包 " 的内容 " 每个网络列表的内容都要做 。
this measure can not only ensure the safe and rapid withdrawal of powered support from the face , but also largely reduce the removal cost of the face .	这种措施不仅能确保安全和快速的支撑 , 同时也不仅能减少脸部的远程成本 。
first , procedures were completed in a highvolume hospital by experienced surgeons specializing in total joint arthroplasty .	首先 , 工程程程序在高档医院完成了高档医院 , 经验的医院专业化工程 。
for me , marketing works for society when the marketer and consumer are both aware of what's happening and are both satisfied with the ultimate outcome .	对于我来说 , 市场和消费者的工作 , 为了确实 , 市场和消费者都是否认识到 , 两者都是最终的收入的 。
from the early days of popular use of the internet , the rallying cry was that cyberspace was the new frontier , subject to no law .	从今天早些时候 , 通常使用网络的早期使用 , 通常的关键是 , 网络空间是新型的 , 网络空间是没有法律的 , 直接没有法律 。
but this expiation did not satisfy two sainted women , madame courtin , marquise de boucs , and the comtesse de chateauvieux .	然而 , 这个扩展并没有满意的两个女性 , 马丁丁 , 马尔德·德尔德·德里德·德里德·德里德·德里斯·德里德·德里斯·德里斯丁 , 还没有满足女性的女性 , 女性 。
china also being a member of it , has made many basic laws plus separate law , administration laws and local laws and rules and so on .	中国也是一个成员 , 制定了许多基本法律、管理法律、当地法律和规则等基本法律的成员 , 制定了许多基本法律 。
first , full disclosure: i'm not what you would call a heavy user of locationbased social networking services . i have no mayorships .	首先 , 全面讨论:我不会不会叫做一个基于地方社会网络服务的重点用户 。
an icelisa for detecting fumonisin b2 of maizena was developed by using the coating antigen of ovafb2 and competitive antigen of fb2 .	通过对fvavafb2和竞争抗原抗原抗原和竞争抗原抗原的研究 , 建立了一种实验的冰利亚 。
so learn your first word , " lekker " [le'ka] , adj . meaning " good/nice " for anythings from food to girls .	所以 , 学习你的第一句话 , " 湖人 " 的第一句话 , 意味着 " 好 " 好 " 的意味着 " 好的 " 好处 " 。
he is best known for his confrontational go no go project on migration in europe , for which he received the visa d'or and the care award .	他最好知道他在欧洲的内容上没有什么项目 , 为他收到了维拉斯和卡罗斯的观众 , 因此他得到了维萨斯的舞蹈和照片奖励 。
the result shows that the two processes had characters of good applicability for water quality during high algaeladen and good treatment efficiency , low cost as well .	结果表明 , 两种工艺具有较好的应用性能 , 两种工艺具有较好的应用性能 , 高的水质质量和较好的处理效果 , 较低的处理效率和低、低成本低 , 两种工艺具有良好的应用性能 。
four patients with lung cancer had negative findings on 18ffdg coincidence images but showed positive serum markers .	四例肺癌患者在18fffdfdg合并的形象下 , 但表现出积极的服务器标志 。
softtothetouch fabric and powerful compression meet chic design and thoughtful details for stylish shaping you'll want to wear every day .	fttotototototototototototouch织物和强大的压缩机会设计和思想的详细细细细细细细细细细节 , 每天都要穿戴一天 。
and you’ll need to follow the rather formal dress code of the period no trainers , no jeans , and gents , wear a jacket and tie .	你将需要遵循时间的正式舞蹈代码 , 没有训练者 , 没有janans、gent和gent , 穿着杰克和组织 。
this should help your jobhunting prospects , for you will be able to get a side job if you need one or develop more business for your company , with better fees , too .	这应该帮助你的工作前景 , 因为你将能获得一个想法的工作 , 如果你需要一个或开发更多的业务 , 更好的是更好的 。
addin china's lack of male educators and the book has a strong argument: chinese boys are developing in a predominately female environment .	另外 , 中国的女性教育者和书籍有着强烈的关注:中国男孩正在开发预期女性环境 。
the algorithm is applied to the docking of several simple model molecules and the docking between the benzamidine and hiv 1 protease .	算法适用于多个简单的模型模式 , 同时 , 运用azamid和hizam1蛋白和hiv1蛋白之间的锁定算法 。
one in five managers also said being kept awake at night meant they were more likely to make mistakes , the mori poll of 1 , 006 people revealed .	一位五个经理也说 , 晚上 , 晚上 , 晚些时候 , 晚些时候 , 他们更可能做错误 , 大约1 , 600人发现了 。
why , the doctor told me this morning that your chances for getting well real soon were let's see exactly what he said he said the chances were ten to one !	为什么 , 医生告诉我今天早上早上 , 你的机会很快 , 所以 , 所以 , 所以 , 所以 , 所以 , 医生们很快就看到了他说的机会是什么 ?
each call gets its own activation record , so each time it is called the variables get their own storage space within that activation record .	每个猫都会获得自己的活动记录 , 所以每次都称为 " 每次 " 每次 " 每次 " 都 " 的活动空间 " 获得自己的存储空间 。
on 13 june , donors pledged more than $4 billion to support the work of gavi , an amount that exceeded anyone’s wildest dreams .	在13月13日 , 捐赠者捐赠了超过4亿美元的捐赠 , 支持任何人最野生的梦想 。
businessman gary vaynerchuk used his knowledge of wine to create the successful wine library tv , a daily video blog show about wine .	业务人员盖特·瓦尔基斯坦克用他的知识来创建成功的葡萄酒图书馆的成功葡萄酒电视台 , 每天的视频博客展示了关于葡萄酒的博客 。
once a week a man named gary , mr . calver 's cheeseturner , comes in and turns it to redistribute the moisture within .	一次一周 , 一位名叫加利先生 , alalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalsnerner , 来到其中 , 然后把它转化到它的身上 。
but we would need space rockets using techonology from scifi series star trek to help us reach hospitable planets orbiting other stars .	然而 , 我们将需要空间岩石来自科学系列系列阶段的岩石 , 来帮助我们能够帮助我们重新启动地球或其他恒星 。
" getting a credit card if you have bad credit is harder than it used to be , " says odysseas papadimitrou . " but they are still available .	" 如果你已经坏了信用卡 , " 如果你已经坏了信用的信用卡很难 , " odssssasaspaspaspadirou说 , " 但是它们仍然是可用的 。
i love thee with testosterone receptors deep in my hypothalamus . i love thee with dopamine that floods my primitive lizard brain .	我喜欢与测试人员深深深深深 , 我喜欢与狗类的食物 , 这些食物在我的私有的林肯大脑里的食物 。
next time you take a pojo and slap on an annotation to turn it into an ejb , you can give a little thanks to the openejb team .	接下来 , 下次你把它放在一个ejb上 , 然后你可以把它转换成一个ejb , 然后你可以给它带来一个小块的小组 。
people decide to become a vegetarian for many reasons . some common motivators include the environment , animal rights , and health .	人们决定成为很多原因 , 一些常见的电梯包括环境、动物权、动物权和健康权利 。
china’s coal mines certainly kill 2 , 0003 , 000 workers a year , and coalsmogged air there and elsewhere kills many more .	中国煤矿部长一直杀死了2 , 03 , 0003 , 000名工人 , 煤炭在那里 , 煤炭燃烧了空气 , 还有煤炭燃烧的空气 , 还有煤炭燃烧 。
the majority of research on memory is focused , as you might expect , on the remembering side of things how much , how accurate and so on .	记忆的大多数研究是关注的 , 如果你可能会期待的 , 在记忆的东西 , 记忆的东西 , 如何准确和等 。
as routine displaces novelty , we may be tempted to shift our attention to someone new and taste again the thrill of romantic love .	正如路由消失的小说 , 我们可能会试图把我们的注意到某个新人注意到某个新人 , 然后再次在浪漫爱上 。
for example , it's common to set an alias , which expands to 'ls l' , for a long listing of a directory or list of files .	例如 , 通常设置aliaaalias , 扩展到 " l " 的l " , 对于一个长期的目录或文件列表的长期清单 。
“the biggest challenge is getting this unregulated and unorganized system under a single umbrella for providing universal access , ” says duggal .	" 最大的挑战是为了在单一的桥下 , 最大的挑战 , " 最大的挑战是为了提供大学的访问 , " 杜格格尔说 。 "
the diesel engine emissions aftertreatment has received a lot of attentions with increasingly stringent emission standards for diesel engines .	柴油工程引擎在处理后 , 经过很多注意力 , 加强柴油工程标准的注意力 。
in this view of fat necrosis at high magnification , some lipidladen macrophages are seen between the necrotic adipose tissue cells .	在这个观点下 , 一些脂肪神经网络在高速识别中 , 一些脂肪细胞之间有些脂肪细胞之间的脂肪细胞之间 。
the main types of soil degradation were of poor nutrients , poor microorganism , bad structure , basification and heavy drought .	土壤的主要类型是污染、污染物、污染物、污染物、破坏结构、基本和重型药物的主要类型 。
method:through takes the ligamentum interspinalia and the intervertebral disc overhang in 56 surgery the pathology observations were analyzed .	方法:回顾:对56例手术患者的病理观察进行分析 , 分析 , 分析了56例临床临床临床临床临床观察 。
u . s . secretary of state hillary clinton on saturday called the north's provocations and statements 'deeply regrettable . '	周六 , 美国安全部长克林顿周六 , 美国安德林顿周一宣布 , 北部的协议和声明 " 深入重新认识 。 "
if you pay with debit card at certain shops you can take an additional sum from your account at no extra charge . this is often called " cashback " .	如果你在某些店里 , 你可以从你的帐户中获得更多的支付卡 , 这通常被称为 " 现金 " 的卡 "  。
pigeons scatter as a man walks home after offering prayers at a nearby temple at bashantapur durbar square in kathmandu .	皮特·斯特特特是一个男人走向家后 , 为了在附近的一座附近的黑猩猩猩猩猩猩猩猩猩猩猩猩猩猩猩猩猩猩猩猩猩猩猩猩猩猩猩猩猩猩猩猩猩猩的家园 。
seedorf then went into the book for a late challenge on martins . although the rossoneri continued to look the more dangerous side coming forward .	然而 , 安德里夫将来到马丁的一本书上 , 尽管罗斯坦继续寻找更多危险的想法 。
the fitted line in the figure is a 3rddegree polynomial , but any sort of smoothing would tell you that there is a massive upward trend .	在图中 , 编辑线是一个3rddegre的3ddegre , 但任何sssssssssssssssssssssothththththththththing会告诉你这是一个巨大的趋势 。
if a firm wants to place a bet on falling interest rates , for example , it can simply have its marketmaking unit build up its inventory of bonds .	例如 , 如果公司希望在下跌利率下降 , 例如 , 公司只能简单地建立它的市场直接建立它的投资债券的投资 。
from " big haven is an old strategy " angle , discussed become the value that makes strong fuzhou harbor greatly and necessity .	从 " 大战略 " 角度 , 讨论了 " 大战略 " 的价值 , 使得更强的模糊哈勃和必要性和必要性 。
you acknowledge and agree that you can enjoy member benefits upon payment of the annual fee for membership and relevant facilities fee .	你们一同意 , 同意 , 你可以享受一年的成员 , 年轻的成员和相关设施 。
about onethird of basketball shoes are actually purchased to play basketball in , according to industry analyst marshal cohen .	根据行业分析分析师玛丽·马什尔·马尔·马尔德·马克莱尔的分析显示 , 大约三分之一的一分之一 , 基于巴基斯坦的鞋子的一分之一 。
mike hulme , a climate policy expert at the university of east anglia in norwich , uk , says that social effects are also unpredictable .	迈克·哈马说 , 中国东北大学的气候政策专家迈克姆·哈姆姆姆斯说 , 这个社会效应也不可预测 。
fangsheng bridge is the longest , largest and tallest stone bridge , with five openings both in zhujiajiao and in the shanghai region .	香港桥是上海地区最长、最大的石油桥 , 具有五个开放 , 在上海区和上海地区的五个开放 。
besides the difference that popularizes degree , definitive inadequacy also is to restrict pay treasure copyist people one big handicap .	除此外 , 人口的差异之外 , 定义的adquacy也是为了重新检索支付付付付付付付费者的大量手术 。
the new overhaul of financial regulation did nothing to address the companies , even though they played a central role in inflating the housing bubble .	纽约金融规定的新增加了公司 , 即使他们在中央角色上扮演了一个中央角色 。
luis suarez has been charged by the fa following the onfield spat with patrice evra during united's 11 draw at anfield last month .	卢isisarez在上个月11111日下午111日 , 卢西亚已经被查理了 。
somehow our path took us toward the park , across the footbridge high above the rolling waters of the los angeles river . ( n . rigg .	有些时候 , 我们的路径将我们走向公园 , 围绕足桥上高楼上 , 上面的大桥上 , 上面的地方河流 。
the manchester united man missed euro 2004 after missing the test in september 2003 , and it is an episode that clearly still rankles with the player .	2004年9月13日 , 曼彻斯联盟的曼联盟人员失败了欧元2004年的测试 , 并且在2003年9月中 , 这是一个早期的欧洲人 , 还是一个很明显的欧洲人 。
in the other part , the improvement of dissolubility of sulfadiazine and aspirin entericcoated tablet is studied with surfactant as modifier .	另一部分 , 研究了硫化钠的改善 , 探讨了硫化氮和丙烯酸酯的改善 。
the effects of moca /e ratio and amount of the fillers on the physical properties and the heat air ageing of the pu elastomer were discussed .	讨论了caca/titi比和数量对物理性能的影响 , 探讨了pu弹弹簧弹性年龄的影响 。
the calculated results show that the limit values of axial compression ratio of src columns are generally % higher than those of rc columns .	计算结果表明 , rc柱的轴压缩率的限制值对比rcl数的有限值比rcuml数的有限值 , 计算结果表明 , rc柱数的有限值较高 。
to organize the general administration sponsored fights against counterfeit and defective products and other illegal activities at origin ;	为了组织一般的管理空间 , 为了组织一般的管理空间战斗 , 抗抗抗抗抗抗和防御产品及其它非法活动 ;
the result shows that the leopoldwolman relationship cannot discriminate channel patterns well when both gravel and sandbed rivers are considered .	结果表明 , 叶尔曼关系的结果表明 , 叶尔曼关系并不能分别分别分别分散 , 同时 , 两级和沙漠河流和沙漠河流的水平和沙漠河流 。
examples of common devices that are poorly designed ergonomically include the snow shovel and the computer or typewriter keyboard .	例如 , 通用设备的普通设备 , 可能设计的服务器 , 包括雪鞋和电脑店或类型的键盘 。
from the current situation , the european development of civilparty government is likely to once again successfully break through the barrier .	从目前的情况下 , 欧洲政府发展的欧洲政府的发展可能会在一起 , 一旦通过巴黎的巴黎 , 欧洲政府的发展可能会成功地破坏 。
the method adopts horse liver tissues as raw materials to prepare dry acetone powder of horse liver alcohol dehydrogenase ;	本方法采用lr-l-l-hl-hl-hs-hl-hl-hl-hl-hl-hl-hl-hl-s-hl-hl-s-s-hl-s-s-s-s-s-sssssssssssssssss
a transparent conductive ito antireflection layer is generated on a top layer of the amorphous silicon thin film subbattery .	通过传统的内容 , 建立了一种基于形态硅薄膜材料的顶层 , 构成了一种传统的连续效应层 。
most entrepreneurs are passionate about a particular market or technology , and putting a sales hat on does not come naturally to them . that is okay .	大多数代表企业是关于特别市场或技术的专业企业 , 并且将销售销售销售给他们不来自然来到他们 。
to be responsible for the guidance of local energy development plans , connecting the production development of local energy with the balance of supply and demand ;	为了负责当地能源开发计划的指导 , 连接当地能源的生产开发和供应和需求 ;
knowledge and practice about iodine deficiency disorders among pregnant women , housewives , and pupils in changning district , shanghai ;	知识和实践对孕妇女、家庭、家庭、上海、上海、上海、上海、上海、上海 ;
methods 74 cases had changes in ambiens cisterna proved by ct scan , we analysed the changes and studied its correlation with prognosis .	方法74例 , 通过ctct扫描分析 , 分析了74例患者的发生率变化 , 探讨了ctct扫描的变化 , 探讨了ctsctan扫描的变化和研究其相关的关系 。
enter ${user_install_root}\etc\wssecurity\samples\encsender . jceks in the keystore path field .	进一步 , 用户安装的seruserinstarootertallrooteret\security\\sample\\\sample\\\\samps\s\\samps\s\samps\s\serviceserviceservices\s
objective to assess the application value of wholebody bone scintigraphy in diagnosis and staging of langerhans cell histiocytosis in infants .	目的探讨全体骨科学的应用价值 , 探讨全骨骨骨折的应用价值 。
after a preshift meeting and an oath ceremony where the 10member squad of miners vow to ensure safety , he changes into his work overalls .	经过一场预防会议后 , 奥运会和奥运会议后 , 10名成员的总体会议之后 , 他改变了安全性 , 确保安全性的安全性 , 改变了他的工作总体 。
ollila said microsoft had not been the only option for nokia and noted many companies had showed their interest in cooperating with the finnish mobile phone maker .	古利拉说 , 微软不仅是诺基亚唯一的选项 , 并注意许多公司在合作完成最终的移动电话制造商的兴趣 。
what intrigues many astronomers , however , is the circumnuclear ring around the galaxy center visible just outside the central bar .	然而 , 很多特别是 , 是在加拉克思中心的核环环环环环绕在加拉克思维中心的中心 。
in germplasm evaluation studies of pinellia ternate , the assaying methods of extractives and total alkaloid are established .	在德国mplam评估研究中 , 建立了pillliaterterterternate的方法 , 建立了超越性和总碱性酸盐酸的方法 。
last month , a u . s . bankruptcy judge allowed lehman to pump cash into the two banks to avoid a seizure by regulators .	上个月 , 美国银行规定的美国银行法官允许李曼将在两家银行投入两家银行的银行 , 避免反对反对者 。
methods analgesic effect of two different concentrations of cinobufagin injection was observed in mice by the hotplate test and writhing with acetic acid .	方法观察两种不同浓度对两种不同浓度的影响 , 观察了两种不同浓度的影响 , 通过试验和试验 , 探讨了两种不同浓度的影响 。
the fifth part it is the summary of the full text , the whole characteristic of the language has done the brief generalization to lien uzhuan .	第五部分是全文本的总结 , 语言的整个特点已经做出了简要的概述 。
przewalski's horse , which once roamed the steppes of mongolia , is thought to have become too dispersed in the wild to breed .	普吉尔斯基斯基的希望 , 曾经浪漫了蒙古亚的一步 , 认为 , 曾经被认为是在野野野兽中被淹没了 。
therefore , the transformation of the pattern of international relations requires the united states and south korea to maintain and even strengthen the alliance .	因此 , 国际关系模式的改变要求国际关系的变化需要美国和韩国 , 甚至加强国关系的变化 , 甚至加强国际关系的变化 。
the ancient black cattle were displaced by the longhorns , and that these " were swept away by the short horns as if by some murderous pestilence . "	古代的黑猫被长的黑猫 , 这些 " 的 " 是在短期的马上 , 就像某些时候 , 古代的黑猫 " 。 "
consider your online album as the equivalent of leaving the treasured family album on a public bench for every passerby to thumb through .	考虑你在网上bum作为一个公共商品的价值 , 考虑你在网络博弈上 , 每个乘客们的公共货物的价值 。
with financial markets so volatile and companies “hunkering down” for a long slog through a recession , there are few indicators of what’s coming up .	随着金融市场 , 所以 , 公司 " 为了 " 长期客户 " 的长期逻辑 " 的长期客户 , 还有几个指示了什么事情 。
if you are following along and planning to take a break at this point , please stay around as you now have two jobs that are creating ever larger files in your file system .	如果你在这个点上 , 计划在这个点上 , 请站在这两个工作中 , 请在这个点上 , 如今你已经有两个工作 , 如今你已经在您的文件系统中创建了大量的文件系统中创建了 。
we saw more rates of authoritarianism in nonwhite groups . i think the percentage of authoritarian households was highest in asianamericans .	我们看到了更多的作者主义者 , 我认为 , 作者者家庭的价格是亚洲陶瓷人 。
the moon is so far from the earth that even if huge trees were growing on a mountain , we could not see them through the most powerful telescopes which have yet been invented .	月亮从地球上 , 即使大树在山上 , 我们不能看到它们的最有力的电子 , 甚至是如果大树在山上生长 , 我们就不能看到它们的最有力的地方 。
imposing airportstyle passenger and bag checks in the metros and bus stops of major cities is impractical because it would bring ordinary life to a halt .	改进机场运输机场和巴格检查 , 主要城市停止主要城市的机场 , 因为它将会带来一定的生命 。
days later , they still in touch with the troops , fortunately , they killed a deer , can be difficult to rely on venison and spent a few days .	后来 , 它们仍然与军队 , 军队 , 他们杀死了一位死 , 可以很难依赖安安安安安安安斯和速度 。
first , for the four major banks , the good bank/bad bank transactions should be mandatory ; the industry will stabilize only if the four work in tandem .	首先 , 对于四个主要银行 , 好银行/银行交易应该制造业 ; 行业将只有4个主要工作 , 只要在沙漠的四大工作 。
at the same time i still wanted a dedicated keyboard so when i saw the s710 with its nifty slideout keyboard i knew it was the perfect fit .	同时 , 我仍然希望在一次详细的关键板上 , 所以当我看到了710的时候 , 我知道这是完美的机器人 。
if the book of job is one of the oldest books , there must have been a general knowledge of god , however limited , which led men to think often of him .	如果乔布书的书是最老的书之一 , 必须是一般的神 , 然而 , 却有限的是有限的 , 那么 , 是有限的 。
there is no other documented association between mercury and any human cancer , leukaemia , lymphoma or other malignant or premalignant disease .	没有其他文档与任何人类癌症之间 , 皮基亚 , 淋巴马或其他疟疾或预防疾病之间有关 。
china has recently publicly supported sanctions against iran and imposed lesser restrictions on north korea for their nuclear activities .	近来 , 中国最近公开支持伊朗 , 并且在朝鲜核活动的核活动中 , 中国最近公开支持的救助 。
the game opens with fifi millicent performing a gig in an unnamed wartorn middle eastern country , in exchange for a $10m fee .	游戏开放了一大规模的战争中东部中西部中西部中西部中部的一个大规模的游戏 , 为10亿美元 。
in late august , joey defrancesco fulfilled the fantasy of many a disgruntled worker: he quit in an incredibly outlandish fashion .	晚些时候 , 约瑟夫·德德德德里德·德德德德德德·德德德德德德德德德德德·德德德德德德德德里斯在一起8月以后 , 他在一场争夺了许多残酷的工作人员:他在一场难以置信任 。
porter puts forward the differentiation advantage and cost advantage according to surroundings and firm strategy by means of value chain .	运动员提出了基于环境和企业策略的分配优势和成本优点 , 根据价值链的价值链的意义 。
given that the capability of a filter to handle both request and forward was only introduced with j2ee 1 . 4 , older versions of j2ee require a different solution .	用j2ee1.4岁的j2ee1.4岁的j2eeeeee版本需要不同解决方案的解决方案 。
animal rights activist brigitte bardot wrote to the german minister calling on her not to give in to pressure to overturn the anuga ban .	动物权利活动员布莱特·布莱特·布莱特·布莱特·布莱特·布莱特在德国部长召唤她不要给她压力的压力 。
valencia fullback moretti and sevilla midfielder maresca are both on lazio president claudio lotito's shopping list for the summer market .	佛罗里亚全球全球比赛更多 , 西班牙中场军队马萨卡都在拉扎菲总统奥巴西总统奥巴西总统奥巴尼亚总统奥巴尼亚总统奥巴西亚的购物利比赛中 。
however , under the twolevel financial control involving in both university and schools there are contradictions within laboratory administration and longterm development .	然而 , 在两层金融控制中 , 两层金融控制涉及在劳动管理和长期发展中 , 实验室的合同也有着矛盾 。
it indicates that the sampen is more effective to extract the information attentionrelated in eeg to show the clinical application prospects in eeg biofeedback systems .	实验表明 , 样品更有效地提高了希腊生物的临床应用前景 , 希腊生物的临床应用前景 , 展示了希腊生物的临床应用前景 。
cole claims that mourinho has not addressed his players about what the future may hold , preferring instead to concentrate on the matter in hand winning matches .	莫林州的核心声称 , 莫林州没有表达自己的球员们的球员们的球员可能会有什么 , 为了对手赢得匹配的比赛而言 。
systemic experimental investigation and theoretic analysis on the mechanical aspects of jintan's rock salt have been conducted in the dissertation .	系统实验研究和理论分析对金川岩石岩石岩石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石石的机械勘探进行了系统实验研究 。
results 18 cases happened nosocomial infection , incidence for 14 . 3% , respiratory infections which accounted for 48% , ur 24% ;	结果18例18例急性感染 , 病例为14.3% , 回顾性感染 , 反应感染率为48% , 呼吸感染率为48% , 24% ;
the exception to the trend was in germany , where unemployment among young people actually declined , to 10 . 3 percent , over the twoyear period .	德国 , 在德国 , 年轻人群实际上 , 年轻人群实际上 , 10.3% , 至10.3% , 至10.3% , 两年的趋势 。
it's different from the traditional view that the sentence meaning is its truthconditions . thus a new perspective of analyzing meaning is achieved .	传统的观点不同于传统的意义是其真实的条件 , 因此 , 分析意义的分析意义是一种新的分析意义 。
conclusion pricking blood therapy has a regulatory action on acth in hpa axis of rats with experimental allergic rhinitis .	结论原发血压疗法对hpasapa轴轴轴轴轴轴轴轴轴轴轴轴轴轴轴轴轴轴轴轴轴轴轴轴轴的影响进行了一定的研究 。
roman statesman cicero noted , " although physicians frequently know their patients will die of a given disease , they never tell them so . "	罗曼州长声称 , " 虽然身体人员通常知道他们的病人会死亡 , 但他们永远告诉他们 。 "
and jesus stood still , and commanded him to be called . and they call the blind man , saying unto him , be of good comfort , rise ; he calleth thee .	耶稣停下来 , 命令他叫他 , 把他叫叫起来 , 叫叫那个盲人 , 说 , 直到他 , 说 , 好舒适 , 是好的 。
the size of the wafer to wafer side said , the quality of led is better than small chip . the price is proportional to the size of isomorphous .	波浪大小的波浪大小 , led的质量比小 , 价格比小 , 价格比较小 , 原子相对大小 。
in recent years , china's mode of hiv transmission has significant change in the transmission of the infection ratio increased significantly .	近年来 , 中国的hiv传输模式在感染率传染率的传染率的传染率越大 。
indeed , beauty experts have demonstrated through actual research that the combination of baby oil and sugar provides a most effective method for exfoliating skin .	事实上 , 美丽专家们通过实际研究 , 通过实际研究表明 , 宝宝石油与糖的结合 , 糖为外表皮肤提供了一种有效的方法 。
he was accused of stealing the pictures while chen's computer was being repaired at elite multimedia limited , where sze was an employee .	他是因为 , 陈宁电脑的照片 , 曾经是一名员工的照片 , 在那里 , 零零零是一个雇员 。
to reinforce these themes , quotations from lincoln’s speeches and writings have been stenciled above the fireplace mantels throughout the cottage .	为了加强这些问题 , 来自林肯的语言和写作作作作作作作者已经逐步推进了火焰的战斗手段 。
many of these settled at the daming palace site , where they have maintained much of their original regional culture , such as their dialect and traditional food .	许多这些设置在大坝平台上 , 在那里 , 它们保持了它们的原始地区文化 , 例如它们的目标和传统食物 。
from all these examples it may be gathered how reflection is always seeking for something fixed and permanent , definite in itself and governing the particulars .	从所有这些例子中 , 它们可能会得到如何反射 , 总是在寻找某些固定的东西和永久性的事物 , 确定在自己的身体上 , 特别是怎样的 。
michael had brought kay to the wedding so that she would slowly and perhaps without too much of a shock , absorb the truth about his father .	迈克尔尔已经带来了克萨斯 , 所以她将慢慢慢慢慢慢地跑去 , 或许她也不会在那里 , 还是没有那么多的攻击 , 吸引他父亲的事实 。
the crack growth rate in weld metal and haz of steel 36z fatigued at low frequency may be 35 and 410 times that at high frequency respectively .	在焊接金属和haz36z的焊接成长率增长率 , 低频率为35和410倍 , 高频频率分别分别为35和410倍 。
the system is easy to construct and simple to use and has a higher spectral resolution than conventional msps without increasing the acquisition time .	系统很容易构建和简单的使用 , 比传统的mssp没有增加设设备时间更高的光谱分辨率 。
the outcomes of this series suggest that repeat pv is effective at the same vertebral levels in patients without painrelief who underwent previous pv .	本系列的结果表明 , 该系列的结果表明 , 反复pv在同样的平均平均平均水平上有效 , 没有痛苦的治疗效果 。
the collaboration with softbank is a good start: the company boasts 22 million subscribers , and its user base has been growing nicely over the past few years .	与软银行合作的合作是一个好的启动 , 公司拥有22000万个公司的合作基础 , 而它的用户基地已经在过去几年增长了 。
" i wouldn't dare call myself a pioneer of reform and opening , but , after all , we were the first ordinary people to open a restaurant , " says guo .	他说: " 我不会损害自己的改革和开放 , 然后 , 我们是第一位普通人民开放一个餐厅 , " 郭太说 。 "
bynum missed the final 46 games of last season with a left knee injury . he is averaging 14 . 0 points and 8 . 2 rebounds .	上赛季 , 上赛季最终46场比赛中 , 最后46场比赛的46场比赛 , 他是14.0点 , 0点 , 0点和8.2磅 。
the flexible liner system along canal slopes was discussed in detail with respect to the properties of the related expansive soil as well as the design methods .	详细讨论了用相关的土壤和设计方法 , 探讨了该方法的灵活性链接系统 。
the paper uses the index of sexselective abortion to indicate the effect intension of sexselective abortion on the raising of the sex ratio at birth .	利用性选择吸收指标 , 探讨了性选择吸收率的影响 , 探讨了性选择吸收率的影响 。
" a woman will have more commendation in being the mother of heroes , " said a federalist , " than in setting up , amazonlike , for a heroine herself .	" 一位女人将会更加建议是健康的母亲 , " 一个联邦主义者说 , " 联邦主义者 , " 比起来 , 亚马逊利克 , 阿马逊利斯坦克说 , " 女人将会更多的建议 。
terrible busy these days , by the " water margin " actually expired , no found . rare today , go to the library , library hours , before we know .	后来 , 在我们知道之前 , 由于 " 水马林 " 实际上 , 没有发现 , 今天 , 今天 , 今天 , 今天 , 没有发现 。 今天 , 今天 , 今天我们知道的图书馆 , 在我们知道之前 , 我们知道 。
to extinguish these conditions , we have to redesign the ruling mechanism of companies according to our nation's specific circumstances .	为了探讨这些条件 , 我们必须根据我们国家特别的特殊循环保险公司的规定机制 。
jitie mouth found a stone tablet stone tablets , many words have been smashed , is obviously dont want to let others know more information about this tomb .	jititutheth发现了一个石油表 , 许多字已经被mash了 , 很明显不想让别人知道这个组合的信息更多的信息 。
it provides a blueprint for the interteam communication that is essential not only for meeting business goals , but also for performing effective engineering .	它为团队通信提供了一个蓝色的前景 , 不仅为会议商务目标 , 同时也是有效的工程 。
louboutin identifies the shade it uses as “chinese red” , but argues that any confusingly similar shade would infringe the trademark .	洛uboinininentententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententententininininininininininininsifififififififinininsssss
so you can go to a number of forums to learn some information above constant color , the forum which will involve which network platform is more reliable .	所以 , 你可以去学习一些信息 , 学习一些不稳定的颜色 , 会涉及网络平台更可靠 。
assignment . you may not assign , sublicense or otherwise transfer any of your rights or obligations under this agreement , by operation of law or otherwise .	签名 , 你可能不会签名 , 订单或其他规定的权利或其它权利的权利或权利的权利 , 通过运行法或其他法律或其他权利 。
pet ownership is booming in china , and the tibetan mastiff is the dog of the moment for those who want to spread their wealth beyond stocks and real estate .	宠物主义是中国的 , 东比亚大使是那些想要把他们的财富储存和房地产的狗 。
high school training should be adequately provided for all , and college training should be the monopoly of no class or race in any section of our common country .	高中学培训应当为所有提供 , 大学培训应该是我们常见的国家的课程或高等教学培训 , 学校培训应该是学校培训的 。
this research focuses on the selfidentity of an aboriginal daycare center worker and discusses the effect of social structure context to identification .	本研究重点探讨了原始天堂中心工作中心的自我性 , 探讨了社会结构对社会结构的影响 , 探讨了社会结构的影响 。
that's because , since 1918 , oberto has used nothing but premium strips of real , lean meat that's seasoned and smoked to perfection .	这是因为 , 由于1918年以来 , 观察者没有用来 , 观察者没有什么 , 然而 , 意味着这是因为是因为是因为1918年的 。
rice praised afghan attorney general abdul jabar sabit for being one of the largest employers of women in the afghan government .	富富汗在阿富汗的阿富汗 , 阿富汗一般的阿富汗 , 阿富汗最大的雇员是阿富汗政府中最大的雇员之一 。
he takes off the tom cruise shades , and she sees the eyes of a goat—bright amber ; rectangular pupils , dilating in the dusky evening .	他拿了汤姆斯的衣服 , 她看到了一只衣服的眼睛 , 看到了一颗明亮的衣服 , 换成衣服 , 即使是两天晚上 。
based on the analysis of mirror by cang yue , the paper purports to decode the new vision creation of fantastic literature influenced by new media .	根据新媒体影响新媒体的新视觉创造 , 提出了利用新媒体分析的方法 , 提出了一种基础 。
with the quality products of " classical decoration , perfect exhibition " , yonghong redefines the life and completely shows decoration aesthetics for every user .	随着 " 经典装饰品质 " 的质量产品质量产品 , 完善的展览 " , 中州定义了生命 , 完全展示了每个用户的美学品质 。
the asian development bank is urging central banks in asia to pause measures to contain high inflation until global market turmoil subsidies .	亚洲发展银行正在促进亚洲央行银行的中央银行 , 保持高通货膨胀 , 直到全球全球市场货币资源 。
two other snps also showed significant genebygender interactions , but their effects were not significant in either men or women alone .	另外两个nps也显示了基因组互动 , 但它们的效果不明显 , 但它们的效果不明显 , 还是女性或女性 。
although only in its second year , the club is a success , partly due to the energy and enthusiasm of its coordinator , susan michal .	尽管只有在第二年 , 俱乐部是一个成功的成功 , 部分是由于它的能量和能量和能量和能量的成功 。
jy8g . de ) made its debut in frankfurt , boosting hopes that investor confidence may be returning after the global credit crunch .	约8g 。 德里斯在弗朗克里夫人 , 债务希望投资者信心证明 , 投资者证实 , 在全球信贷危机之后 , 将会恢复其债务 。
in mrpd , data is redistributed into some groups at step 1 , and all the groups are multitransmitted according to the request of computer nodes .	在mrpd的mrpdd中 , 数据被重新构成某组组组 , 所有组组都是多个分配的 , 根据计算机节点的多个分配的 , 根据计算机节点的要求 。
two divers off the coast of france peer into denise , a small , twoman diving saucer that is part of jacques cousteau’s oceanic ship calypso .	两分之间 , 两人死亡了 , 两个小人死亡 , 两人死亡的海洋船舶的海洋船舶的海洋船舶的一部分 。
puerto rican on the wrong side of town , but still gets to wear ravishing new look silhouettes with beautifully matching shoes .	乌托托托斯在城镇的边边边 , 但仍然要穿越新的看法 , 与美丽的美丽匹配鞋子 。
now investors are demanding that banks like lehman and washington mutual raise capital or sell their assets to raise cash and prove that they are solvent .	目前 , 投资者要求银行如拉曼和华盛顿多样的银行 , 或者销售他们的资产 , 证明他们是解决的 。
lieberman has addressed a national convention before ; at the democratic national convention in 2000 , he was the party’s vicepresidential nominee .	利伯曼在2000年以前 , 利伯曼已经表达了一名国家公约 , 在民主党的议会上 , 他是党的副总统诺贝尔曼 。
using sand polluted by the bp oil spill in one experiment , the team was able to separate hydrocarbons from the sand within seconds .	利用砂石油填充的砂石油 , 通过一次试验实验 , 团队可以从砂岩中分离出水溶液 。
in addition , foundation base may be in dangerous conditions such as sand pipings and upheaval deformations because of unloading soil above artesian aquifer .	此外 , 基础基础基础基础基础上可能是在沙漠管道和高温变形的条件下 , 由于未载土壤设备的土壤设备的基础上 , 基础上可能是危险条件 。
for example , one student made a program to inform a selected list of friends , with a short text message , where he was every 15 minutes .	例如 , 一个学生们做了一个项目 , 为了在选择的朋友选择一个小组列表 , 与一个短期的文本消息 , 在那里 , 他每个15分钟都是15分钟 。
steer your spaceship with the motion sensors of your windowsphone and fight against the space pirates with your arsenal of upgradable weapons .	把你的空间与你的窗户的运动敏感器的运动安装在空间上 , 再次与您的空间的空间发挥空间的空间驱动 。
this method can provide a new way for determination of aluminum powder con tent of propellant powder with its rapidity and simplicity and certain accuracy .	本方法可以提供一种新的方法 , 为了确定铝粉含量的测定方法提供一种新的方法 。
as it closes in on its target , the ekv integrates data from the xbrwith its onboard sensors and locks on to the enemy missile .	随着它的目标 , ekkv引擎集成数据从xbwi的xbwi的webwi的xbwithsithsithnetetwithithsith的目标上集成数据并锁定了敌人错误 。
although adopting patent heddle increases the cost , but it increases the output and profit , and the invention benefit is also higher .	虽然采用过程中 , 虽然使用paentdle , 但它增加了成本 , 但它增加了输出和利益 , 本发明利益也更高 。
since the owner was a movie producer , his clienteles were the movie stars , singers and celebrities for his late night supper segment .	由于主持者是电影生产者 , 他的客户是电影星、唱歌者和庆祝他晚上晚些供应商的夜晚供应部门 。
jerseys , pullovers , cardigans , waistcoats and similar articles , knitted or crocheted , of silk or silk waste .	杰克斯 , 肺部 , 癌症 , 耐药和类似的文章 , 厨房或皮肤或皮肤皮肤或皮肤或皮肤肤肤肤肤肤肤肤肤肤肤肤肤肤色泽 。
bonding: any of the interactions that account for the association of atoms into molecules , ions , crystals , metals , and other stable species .	箱子:任何接触 , 帐户都会为原子分子、分子、金属、金属、金属、金属和其他稳定的稳定特征 。
another is the loblolly pine . windbreaks not only protect land and crops from the wind . surplus trees can be cut down and used to provide wood .	另一个是loblollyps , 窗户不仅保护地 , 窗户不仅保护着窗户 , 从窗户来保护地 。
their two full backs , john flanagan and jack robinson , were excellent yesterday , up against theo walcott and samir nasri .	他们两个完全回来 , 约翰纳和杰克·罗宾逊 , 昨天 , 昨天 , 最近一次 , 最近 , 最近一场比赛和萨姆斯纳森 。
the following factors like diabetes , erythrocyte , level of anastomosis and anastomotic technique were demonstrated to be independent .	随后的因素 , 如糖尿病、甲状腺素、淋巴细胞和抗肿瘤技术的影响 , 探讨了其独立的独立性 。
aesthetic pursuit has connection to various aspects of news works ; the process that the writer edits news is also the process of aesthetic pursuit .	美学追求有关新闻工作的各个方面 , 作者编辑新闻编辑新闻的过程也是美学追求的过程 。
the six counties and city of the drainage area of zuo river in nanning district lie in the karst area in southwest of guangxi province .	六个国家和城市在南部地区南部地区的南部地区 , 位于广西西西西西南部地区的六个城市 。
its characters are : serious conditions , quick change , more shock , easy misdiagnosis , difficult management , more complications and high mortality .	它的特点是:严重的条件 , 快速改变 , 更容易的错误诊断 , 困难管理 , 困难管理 , 更多的复杂和高死亡率 。
on august 17 , 2005 , estonian prime minister andrus ansip met in his office with visiting chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing .	2005年8月17月17日 , 森林安亚首席执行官员和俄罗斯在他办公室访问中国外交部长李晓晓晓晓晓晓晓兴 。
sudan is committed to implementing the comprehensive peace agreement and holding the referendum in southern sudan in a free and fair way .	苏丹委员会承诺实施复合和平协议 , 保持南太阳南部和平协议的参议 , 保证南方和平协议 。
the utility model relates to a component of a suspension system of a conveying vehicle , specifically to a trailer steel sleeve for suspension .	本实用新型涉及一套悬浮系统的悬浮系统 , 特别是为了支撑车辆的车辆驱动器钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢板的成分 。
to make xiaoshan as our national shoemaking base , we need to do the following:one , identify the commanding heights of development and innovation ;	为了让西古山作为我们国家购物基地 , 我们需要做的:别人 , 识别开发和创新和创新 ;
improved fluorochemicals have recently made it possible to use a higher concentration of perfluorochemicals without causing medical complications .	最近 , 改善氟化学的改善氟化合物的改善氟化合物的改善氟化学物 , 最近也有可能使用较高的含量化学物质化学方法 。
children with family history of asthma or individual history of hypersensitivity were more likely to develop respiratory symptoms .	孩子与家庭历史的家庭历史或个人历史的儿童 , 更容易发展反应症状 。
the present invention also relates to the new method of using the new affinity chromatography mediums in purifying and producing cobra neurotoxin .	本发明还涉及使用新型的机械巧克力学中心的新方法 , 同时也涉及使用新型的新方法 。
scanning whitelight interferometry increases the portrait measurement range , and its measurement precision achieves the level of nanometer .	扫描whittel会议 , 增加运动测量范围 , 测量测量范围 , 测量精确实现nanometer的名称水平 。
province labor ensures hall floorwalker zhang deyou to moderate , office grows jiao xuebai to make important speech .	省级劳动员 , 保证了哈尔洛特的劳动员 , 张家长赵德先生为现代、办公室生长jiaiauebai , 为了制作重要的演讲 。
grab a wide variety of historically accurate weapons including machine guns , bazookas , sniper rifles and flamethrowers .	格拉伯广泛的历史上 , 包括机械枪 , 巴西亚、巴西斯、尼多尔富勒和弗兰斯 。
a study was carried out in this paper on the dyeing and finishing performance of a watersoluble sulfur black dye containing polycarboxylic groups .	本文研究了一项研究的研究 , 探讨了一种水溶泡泡沫玻璃体含有聚丙烯酸酯的染色和完成性能 。
a preparation method of anodic aluminum oxide film with thick barrier layer is provided , which belongs to the field of material technology .	为了提供了一种用于厚厚砖层的制备方法 , 属于材料工艺领域的制备方法 。
the ideal threshold for choosing between sequential and parallel execution is a function of the cost of coordinating the parallel tasks .	理想威士士士兵在选择特殊和帕拉拉尔执行之间的理想威胁 , 是协调帕拉尔尔尔尔尔尔德尔德尔德尔德尔德的成本之间的一 。
result: there were no obvious differences in microscopic characters in adonis amurensis regel et radd in the northeast region .	结果:对北北部地区的微观特征没有显著差异 。
the facial problem is a reflection of people body's splanchnic problem . only both internal and external treatment can help solve the skin problem radically .	社会问题是一个反映人们身体的空间问题 , 只有内部和外部治疗能帮助解决皮肤问题的作用 。
this product is the most advantaged and clinicalvalue method for diagnosis of early nephropathy damnification equipped with enormous market demands .	本产品是最好的优点和临床价值方法 , 为了早期的网络网络卫生检测设备的诊断方法 。
leehom was awarded again " the best producer " in 2004 and " the best male vocalist " in 2006 by golden melody award committee .	莱姆在2004年颁发了最佳生产商 , 于2004年 , 最佳的女性音乐主义 " 2006年 , 在2006年获得了金属奖励委员会的最佳生产人员 。
they include an ecommerce storefront app , a community web site , a portal site , sample reports , and a project timetracking app .	他们包括一个电子商务店 , 一个社区网站 , 一个社区网站 , 一个港口网站 , 示例报告和项目时间吸引应用程序 。
indian multiplexes added on an average 14 to 21 new shows in the second week of the movie compared to its first week with 150 additional shows .	印度多普遍增加了14-21 , 第二周的第二周 , 印度多文章在平均14-2-21的电影节目中 , 第二周的电影显示 。
candles and holders , gifts articles , ceramic vases , leaf and sugar cane vases , consol tables , panels , candle holders .	癌症和保持者 , 礼物文章 , 陶瓷价值、叶片和糖尿病、糖尿病、糖尿病、糖尿病、糖尿病、糖尿病、糖尿病、糖尿病、糖尿病、糖尿病、糖尿病等 。
he knocks into drums , speakers , drops his mike , picks it up , then throws it to the floor and tosses himself after it for good measure .	他不知道 , 讲话 , 说话 , 把它扔到了它 , 然后把它扔到了它的地方 , 然后把它扔到了它的地方 , 然后把它扔到它的地方 , 然后把它扔到了 。
says levit , " don't approach your boss with a sense of entitlement , as though he is personally responsible for furthering your career .	李维说: " 不要用你的身体 , 就像他是个人负责你们的职业 。 "
attila , king of the huns and ravager of much of western europe , died a death that was not quite what one would have expected from such a fierce warrior .	阿拉拉 , 王国王和拉拉德 , 西欧大多数西欧洲 , 死于死亡的死亡 , 死于死亡的死亡 , 这些财政战争的战争 , 希望在这场战争中 , 这种战争中 , 死亡的死亡 。
there’s a videosharing ability , by which you can watch videos “with” other people , though your interactions are limited to a chatroom beside the video .	有一个视频能力 , 由于你可以看到视频 " 的视频能力 " 其他人 " 的视频能力 " , 尽管你的互动是有限的 。
it improved some of the subjective symptoms of xerosis , the clinical xerotic severity score and dermoscopic appearance .	改善了一些xerosis的物质症状 , 临床xerosisis , 临床xosisis , 临床xseralxseralxseralxseralxseralxsericseralsericseralseralseralseralalalalalalalalals
lift the clutch pedal , start to lift soon , when the feeling gradually with the clutch pressure plate linked to a half , it begins to slow down .	把客户端pal , 开始躺起来 , 当时 , 头部的时候 , 通常与客户压力平板连接到半半半 , 开始慢慢慢 。
bottomup reform cannot be resisted because it requires no negotiations , avoids confrontations , and it spreads like an unstoppable plague .	底层耦合改革不能阻挡 , 因为它不需要谈判 , 避免对前面的冲突 , 并且它的速度像一个不稳定的平台 。
ames spends the rest of the movie plotting to get his revenge , make his escape and seize his little daughter back from her new foster parents .	amemesupupupupevieplot的回顾 , 使他的capepe和他的小女儿从她的新西方父母回来了 。
in other words , the value assigned by this rule is the one that should prevail in the case that test1 is among the tests that were assigned to a machine .	换句话说 , 这个规则的价值符号是该规则的一个 , 应该在测试中进行测试 , 测试1的测试中应该在测试中的测试中进行预测 。
a few weeks later , we got word that the kerry people wanted me to speak at the convention , although it was not yet clear in what capacity .	几周之后 , 我们还有几个星期以后 , 孩子们希望在公约上讲话 , 尽管它不清楚什么能力 。
the result of the research can also be used for reference in solving the same salt problems of other grottoes and earth relics in the northwestern arid regions in china .	研究结果表明 , 研究结果也可以用于解决了解决了解决南西北部的其他地震和地震反应的同样的盐问题和地震反应问题的研究结果 。
a crystalline compound , c6h 12n 3ps , a sulfurcontaining analogue of tepa , used to treat certain malignant tumors .	c6hn3ps , c6hhn3ps , 一个自保持tpas , 用来处理某些malililinanttumor 。
this paper describes the fundamental of thermometry and the types of thermometer . it also presents a method of making a thermocouple thermometer .	本文叙述了热和热电机的基本原理 , 提出了一种制作rmomo-cometer的方法 。
monaco is on the mediterranean coast , 18km east of nice and near the italian border , and is surrounded on three sides by france .	摩纳哥在中海岸 , 18k公里 , 18k公里 , 附近的意大利亚边界 , 被法国的三边的三边 。
of course , no one text is going to change the world , but put together , these treatises will constrain alqaida's recruitment pool somewhat .	当然 , 没有一个文本将会改变世界 , 但在一起 , 这些处理将会吸引alqaaaida的运行池 , 还有一个文本 。
rich dad stopped by at noon on the third week . we heard his truck pull up in the parking lot and sputter when the engine was turned off .	第三周 , 他听到了卡车在公园里的时候 , 英格兰大卫站在第三个星期内 , 听到他的车上 。
this added voltage is mainly power line frequency and its effect on the voltmeter reading will depend upon the normalmode rejection capability of the meter .	此外 , 这个电压主要是电力线频频频频频率和其对电压读取的效果 , 将依赖电压的正常调节能力 。
henan bailihui trading co . , ltd . is a company mainly engaged in fine wine , imported wine , cigar , famous tea and tobacco .	河南宝宝宝藏贸易有限公司是一家主要的工厂 , 是一家公司的一家公司 , 进口葡萄酒 , 进口葡萄酒、香港茶、香港、香港茶和香港酒店 。
and try to make the room in any bedding face reflected in the mirror of food on the table , in order to receive the " double your wealth " the effect .	试图让房间在任何床面上反映的食物 , 为了获得 " 双方 " 双方 " 的疗效 " 的疗效 。
when the camels had finished drinking , the man took out a gold nose ring weighing a beka and two gold bracelets weighting ten shekels .	当卡姆尔已经完成了喝完成时 , 这个男人拿出了一只金牌 , 两枚金牌和两枚金牌 , 两枚金牌穿着十个黑色的衣服 。
this research takes fuqing' s preschool teachers for example to investigate the job burnout and influence factors of them by questionnaire .	例如 , 研究fuuqq的预测教师 , 例如 , 研究工作burnout和影响因素的影响因素 。
while the atomic variable classes might look superficially like the synchronizedcounter example in listing 1 , the similarity is only superficial .	虽然原子变类可能会有效地看起来 , 但在清单1中 , 相似性只是超级 。
another risk is that individual and commercial accounts will get mixed , as they did with the shamesyeakels , who are now suing their bank .	另外一个风险是个人和商业帐户会议将会被混合 , 因为他们和股票相比 , 如今 , 还有一个风险的风险 , 现在还有他们的银行 。
the utility model can not only lead a setline lover to use a very long fishing rod to fish , but also can cut off or set off as well as throw a fish hook conveniently .	本实用新型不仅能带领一个设置的爱情者使用很长的鱼类 , 而且也可以切割或清洁鱼类 , 还可以把鱼扔掉鱼类 。
the results also showed that much more steady combustion could be obtained with mechanical spray nozzle than with steam atomizer for some burners with poor performance .	结果表明 , 研究结果还表明 , 更加稳定的结合可能与机械喷射器的机械喷射器相比 , 比较有机械喷射器的机械喷射器 。
this resulting schema definition and the soap message that is generated for this service are languageneutral and follow the wsi basic profile .	这个模式定义和soap消息 , 为这个服务的语言创建的是语言 , 遵循wi-si基本的基本证明 。
recycle your code ! create a collection of your favorite and oftenused snippets and make sure that it’s easily searchable and well organized .	记录你的代码 ! 创建一个最喜欢的收集 , 常常常常用的nippetet , 确保它很容易搜索和有机的搜索和有机 。
we provided updates on an hourly basis to keep our users informed of the situation until it was resolved today just before 4pm pdt .	我们为了在一小时的基础上 , 为了保持我们的用户信息 , 直到现在仅仅仅仅仅仅在4pd之前 , 所以我们的用户信息 。
therefore it is still a challenging question for knee surgeons to reconstruct the function of meniscus which was injured or resected .	因此 , 仍然是一个挑战的问题 , 为knesursonononononononononsssssssserursononononon的挑战 。
for example , some on the political right reject anything the new york times reports and uncritically believe anything offered by fox news ;	例如 , 某些政治权重新拒绝纽约时报告和联合相信 , 联合国foxx新闻的任何东西 ;
despite trump's lovehate relationship with china , his chinese fans believe he's the one who can make the u . s . , and even the world , great again .	尽管如此 , 尽管卡扎尔的爱情与中国的关系 , 中国人相信他是美国的一个人 , 即使是世界 , 甚至世界上 , 即使是世界上 , 更大 。
similarly , plans by local chinese governments to improve infrastructure loom large for heavyequipment makers like caterpillar inc . .	同样 , 由于当地政府计划 , 通过当地政府计划来提高基础设施大量的基础设施 , 为了提高高高基础设备制造商 , 比如capillillarc 。
when grains are ground , or leaves are cooked , they become more digestible , allowing more nutrients to get absorbed by the body .	当葡萄园的时候 , 或叶子被烹饪 , 它们变得更加困难 , 使得更多的营养更多 , 使得更多的营养更多 。
one would have expected he was looking for an opportunity to keep his team close in a hardfought game against a big city school .	一个人将期望他正在寻找一个机会 , 为了保持团队在一个艰难的比赛中得到了一个大城市学校的机会 。
several major banks including ubs lowered their growth forecasts for china through 2012 last week , largely because of concern that exports will fade .	几个主要银行包括2012年来中国的增长预测 , 大部分的主要银行在上周内 , 大部分是因为 , 大量的内容将会失败 。
thermal loading concentrated on the outer circumference of the discs during the engagement time may result in a form of conical deformation . disc waviness may ar...	热载荷中心在探讨期间的热载荷中 , 可能会导致连续变形形形的形式 , 讨论的热载荷可能会引起热载荷 。
depending on the diverse document filters in the system , it might be necessary to also add a check to see if the request document is an html document .	依赖在系统的多样文档滤波器中 , 它可能需要更新添加一个查询 , 如果请求文档是一个html文档 。
most of the 50 , 000 apps that have been written for cellphones that use the operating system should run in some fashion on androidbased tablets .	大多数的50 , 000应用程序都是为了使用操作系统 , 应该在某些时候运行操作系统中运行的 。
the writer combines the history and rational thought , profoundly and dialectically analyses each author's works of different periods .	作者结合历史和理性思想 , 很好地分析每个作者的作者的不同时期的工作 。
the plant office is secured with a yellow bicycle lock . boxes of fisherprice toys for toddlers can be seen stacked in the warehouse .	计划办公室有一家黄生物锁定 , 箱子的货物价格的货物价格为客户可以在仓库里看到 。
considering the multidimensional and nonlinear characteristic of physiological information fusing , the thesis use svm for building medical modeling .	考虑了物理信息的多线性和非线性特征 , 建立vmmm建立医学模型的多线性和非线性特征 。
american tennis player helen jacobs with the wightman cup after the usa beat britain at wimbledon , london on june 16 , 1934 .	193344年6月13日 , 美国的球员杰布斯和沃尔曼杯之后 , 美国球员在美国的比赛中 , 伦敦16月16日 , 193344年6月13月13日 。
the pakistan people's party , ms . bhutto's party , says a united nations investigation into her death it is the only way to get at the truth .	巴基斯坦人民党 , 巴基斯坦人民党的党人 , 巴基斯坦人民党主席巴基斯坦人民的党主张说 , 一个美国的国家投资到她的死亡 , 只是唯一的途径 。
as a mode of industry organizations intervenient by enterprise and market , industry clusters has promoted and will promote region development of economy .	作为业务组织的一模式 , 由企业和市场 , 业务集群已经促进 , 将促进经济发展的发展 。
the newspaper calls also for victoria to be allowed to try out daily life in cohabitation with her boyfriend before any decision is taken to get married .	记者还要为维多利亚的报道称 , 为维多利亚也允许在合作的日常生活 , 与她的男朋友在任何决定之前 , 在任何决定之前 , 这些报道称 , 这些报告员还是为了婚姻 。
“but despite these successes , ” he warns , “there remain real concerns about high levels of bycatch and the reasons behind them .	" 尽管这些成功 , " 他警告说 , " 他警告说 , " 虽然仍然是很高的关心 , 还是在他们后面的原因之后 , " 尽管如此 。
" with the coming of the 3g era , wireless internet will have exponential growth , " cinic said in a statement accompanying the release of its report .	" 随着3g , 无线互联网将会有很多的增长 , " cinic说 , " 目前 , 在一份声明中说 , " 随着它的报告的释放 。 "
this hubble space telescope image reveals " the cat's eye nebula " to be one of the most complex " planetary nebulae " known .	这个丈夫空间图像揭示了 " 猫眼 " 的眼睛网络 " 之一 , 是最复杂的 " 植物网络 " 的 " 植物网络 " 之一 。
plastics piping systems . glass reinforced thermosetting plastics components . test methods to prove the design of bolted flange joints .	塑料管系统 , 玻璃加强热塑料塑料组件 , 测试方法证明了板板板连接的设计方法 。
disney executives say that if their efforts in china are successful , they'll likely roll out english schools in other countries around the world .	迪尼尔执行官说 , 如果他们的努力是成功的 , 它们可能会在世界各个国家的英语学校 , 还有可能在英语学校 。
with all these and many more beautiful places that exist in our world , we are lost for choice and the only way to decide on the places to visit is to follow the heart .	所有这些和许多美丽的地方都有很多美丽的地方 , 我们很失去选择选择 , 只是决定在我们的地方的地方 。
residents of soweto , or other urban areas in south africa , are likely to grumble about foreigners in the same way as in rich countries .	居民的居民 , 或其他城市区域的城市区 , 可能是在南非的外国同样的外国的外国 , 同样也可能是在富裕国家的外国 。
one guugu yimithirr speaker was filmed telling his friends the story of how in his youth , he capsized in sharkinfested waters .	一位枪手称 , 一位枪手们是电影中告诉他的朋友们如何在他的青少年里 , 他在上海最喜欢的水中被捕捉了 。
limited data indicate that ms0 and tsr are in a relationship of 1:0 . 93 on average , that is the value of ms0 is larger than tsr .	限制数据表明 , mssssssr和trsssr在1:0.0.03的关系上 , 平均平均平均值大于tsrsrsrsrsrsrr的数据值较大 。
the sex games that start with such light laughter and smooching now got all dark and interesting . the more inventive the guy , the more creative it got .	第六个游戏开始这样的光灯灯灯灯灯灯灯和烟雾 , 现在都得到了所有的黑暗和兴趣 。
the nqae and qam decide if additional action is required and implement this action to ensure that planned audits are performed as stipulated .	nqa和qam决定 , 如果需要更多的行动 , 实现这个行动 , 确保计划审计计计计计计计计计计划审计计计计计计划审计的审计 。
it also can protect the magnetic restraint busbar protection from maloperation possibly caused by variation of the secondary load of ct .	此外 , 还可以保护磁性吸收的磁性吸收保护 , 可能会导致ct的第二次负荷的磁性保护 。
the results indicated that the clean degree of ulc slab adapting two production technology was approximately consistent at the steady state casting ;	研究结果表明 , 采用两种生产技术在稳定状态状态的稳定状态的稳定状态下 , 清洁度降低了两种生产工艺 。
a deliverable is a measurable , verifiable work product such as a specification , feasibility study report , detailed design document , or working prototype .	可转换是一种可靠的 , 可靠的工作产品 , 如特定、可行性、可行性研究报告、可行性研究报告、详细的设计文档或工作类型 。
the confederate soldiers promised not to fight anymore . in return for this promise , they were released on parole and sent home to their families .	联合的士兵们承认 , 在这项项项项目中 , 他们在这项项项项目中 , 它们在帕罗伦和家里 , 送到了他们的家庭 。
caterpillars move by a wave that starts at the back end of their body and sweeps through each segment until it reaches the head , pushing it forward .	由于在身体的背部开始 , 直到每个分段 , 直到它的头部 , 把它放到头部 , 把它的头部 , 把它放在身体后的后面 。
the moscow station has grayscale mosaics depicting scenes from dostoevsky's stories , which are characteristically dark and violent .	移动阶段已经有灰色的摩托斯斯卡尔摩托斯·莫斯卡尔·莫斯卡尔·摩托斯·莫斯卡尔·莫斯卡尔·莫斯卡尔·莫斯卡尔·莫斯科尔·莫斯特别是黑暗和暴力的故事 , 这是特别的 。
globalization is an irresistible trend and the author thinks that chinese economy and culture will benefit more during the process of globalization .	全球化是一种可行的趋势 , 作者认为中国经济和文化的思想 , 中国经济和文化将在全球化过程中获得更多的影响 。
by forcing them to review his departure , mr nozoe may help instil one last reform: greater transparency and accountability at the level of the board .	通过对他们进行评审 , 诺齐先生可能会帮助最后一次改革:更好的改革和能力 。
maybe they like us . we've had david beckham , robert pires , dennis bergkamp , jens lehmann and now thierry again .	也许他们喜欢我们 。 我们已经达到了贝克汉姆 , 罗伯特·皮尔 , 克伯特·皮尔 , 尼伯克·斯基斯坦 , 杰森曼 , 现在还有希望他们 。
they hugged each other , and dr . stoddard whispered in mrs . thompson's ear , " thank you mrs . thompson for believing in me . "	彼此 , 彼此 , 斯德德德先生说 , 奥帕森先生的耳朵说: " 谢谢尔森先生 , 谢谢德森先生相信你 。 "
overscheduled , stressed , or worried kids often start sleeping less than they should , and sleep deprivation has serious consequences .	超过调查 , 压力 , 或者写的孩子常常开始睡眠 , 睡眠失眠 , 睡眠失眠已经严重了 。
in 1825he bought land for a farmandfactory commune in indiana . it attracted farmers , artisans and intellectuals .	1825年 , 印度农村的农村 , 吸引农民 , 农民和智能人士 。
through a combination of extravagance and mismanagement , celebrity photographer annie leibovitz finds herself $24m in debt .	通过对外交和错误的结合 , 经过一项协调 , 庆祝摄影师艾尔维茨发现自己的24亿美元 。
mr . chen wenhao required a unified thought to guarantee the complete fulfillment of all kinds of work and the success of the convention .	陈宁先生要求一个不确定的思想 , 保证所有的工作和成功的成功 。
recently , discoveries of early human remains in china and spa,in have cast doubt on the 'out of africa' theory , but noone was certain .	近来 , 近来 , 早期人类仍然在中国和西班牙 , 在非洲理论的 " 发现 , 最近 , 最近 , 最近 , 人类的发现仍然在中国和西班牙 " 的发现 。
in 1995 , he wrote a lyric titled " a child in a temple " , describing his life and studies in the temple when he was young .	1995年 , 他写了一位 " 小孩 " 的孩子 " , 描述了他的生命和研究生命的生命和研究 。
the reports of a given jurisdiction in the course of a generation take up pretty much the whole body of the law , and restate it from the present point of view .	报告的报告 , 给出了一代法律的报告 , 给出了一代法律的一代法律的报告 , 并从法律上恢复它的目标 。
but he decided to pick up the pen , groping , continue writing , write every word , he needs to pay ordinary people can not imagine the hard work .	然而他决定把笔 , 开放 , 继续写作 , 每个字 , 写到每个字 , 他需要支付薪酬的人不能想象硬件工作 。
the " table of import tax rates on personal luggage of passengers and personal postal parcels " is part and parcel of this set of provisions .	" 进口税率 " 的 " 进口税率 " 是一部分和个人潜在的邮政公园 " 的部分和公园 " 是这个设置的建议 。
about 20 years ago the city and certain visionary private developers began trying to change that too , renovating commercial space into loft apartments .	大约20年前 , 几十年前 , 人们开始尝试改变 , 重新推荐商业空间 , 重新改变商业空间 。
let the host family knows clearly the time/place/destination/counterpart in advance and get the consent when you want to go on a trip or stay out .	让主机家庭知道 , 清晰地知道了时间/平洋/平洋/帐户/帐户 , 然后你想要去一次试验或站出来的时候 。
by the way , there were lots of flatlike buildings in former soviet union , in which there were public toilets , bathrooms and kitchens .	路透 , 前苏联的前苏联建筑有很多奴隶建筑 , 在那里 , 公共厕所 , 浴室和厨房和厨房 。
second , there are some diabetes patients who may benefit from avandia , and third , patients on avandia may wish to remain on the drug .	第二 , 有些糖尿病患者 , 可能有利于阿富汗 , 第三 , 病人在阿富汗的病人可能会继续饮用药物 。
hwang later admitted faking data to make the papers look better but claimed that a colleague duped him into thinking that the cell lines were genuine .	杭wangter终于承认faces数据 , 使得文章更好 , 然而 , 说明 , 由于他认为 , 细胞线线线线的同事变得更好 。
it also ensures that your application back end runs with your usual privileges , so you don't have to make crucial files worldwriteable , which is a big plus .	还确保您的应用程序背后运行 , 因此 , 您不需要做出关键文件可编写 , 这是一个大量的应用程序 。
phoenix suns chief executive and president rick welts , a longtime nba executive , told the new york times he's gay .	凤凰太阳首席执行官和总统里克斯坦 , 一个长期的nba执行官 , 告诉纽约时 , 他的纽约时候 , 纽约时代的纽约时候 , 说 。
the running fund of associated club are collected through moneyraising by the participants , and authority provide places and sports facilities .	联合俱乐部运行基金 , 通过参与者的参与者、权力提供和体育设施的运行基金 。
it tummysolutely speeds recovery from leg ulcers simprove the report by the university of leeds' school of heingterneveryivehcare .	它的ummysylylylylylylylylylylylylylylylylylylylylylylylylylylylylylylylylylylylylylylylylylysysysysysteteterereystetetetetetetetetetetetetetetetetetetetetes
the death of king bhumibol adulyadej of thailand means queen elizabeth ii has become the world's longestreigning living monarch .	泰国国王国王布莱比亚的死亡在泰国大学 , 意味着伊丽莎白伊丽莎白伊朗已经成为世界上最长的生命猴子 。
article 44 where the orderer has prescribed the qualifications for the construction enterprises to contract the works , the provisions of such qualifications shall apply .	第四十四十四条订单已准备了建设企业的质量化 , 应该适用于这样的质量化 , 应该适用这些质量的质量化 。
this paper deals with the cultivation of spirulina platensis in large areas . it was successful and predicted for splendid prospects of spirulina cultivation .	文章探讨了大型地区空间平台的培养 , 探讨了大型地区空间培养的培养方式 。
product simple , fresh , unique style , smell fragrant soak into the depths of bamboo heart , elegant and refined , unique .	产品简单 , 新鲜 , 独特的风格 , 称为 " 竹头 " 死亡 " 、 " 精神 " 、 " 精神 " 、 " 精神 " 和 " 独特 。
author has analyzed the poisoning reason of catalyst in kellog ammonia converter , presented the technical measures preventing catalyst from poison .	作者分析了该方法在基础上 , 提出了一定的技术措施 , 探讨了该技术措施的可能原因 。
incomplete diallel crosses were made ir an experiment with bivoltine races of silkworm to study the genetic effects of six quantitative characters .	综合探讨了六个定量特征的基因特征 , 结合实验的方法 , 为了实验 , 探讨了基因素的基本效果 。
when i see pure on all sides , yet discover a god to only have me in the debt is 2 human with suo promise , didn't see the diagram of fu nuo at all .	当我看到所有的想法 , 然而 , 只有在债务中找到了一个神 , 只有在债务中找到了一只有2个人 , 没有看到fuuouououououououououououououououououoo
there are several good ways to do that , including a swot analysis , evaluating your market , developing your organizational identity or simply forecasting sales .	有几个好的方法 , 包括一个开关分析、评估你的市场、开发你的组织实体或简单预测销售的方法 。
wander round to the gulang villa hotel , also on gulangyu , and you'll see three rather downatheel looking seafood restaurants right next to each other .	宽带到广东村酒店 , 同时也在广东 , 你会看到三分之三的酒店 , 你会看到三分之一的酒店 , 每个人都会看到海鲜餐厅 。
this invention provides a set of selfpowered mechanical device , an autoregulating movable weirplate , a backflushing buffer and liftpull valve .	本发明提供了一种自动的机械设备 , 自动调控机械设备 , 自动调节器 , 反馈影响缓冲和移动阀 。
in this paper , the authors give two propositions to find the conditional extremes of multivariable functions by using simple forms of cauchy inequality .	本论文提出了两个建议 , 通过简单的原理 , 提出了利用简单的单形式的多可用性函数来找到多个可用的功能 。
the paper chooses 147 private enterprises as samples , analyses the 21 inner influencing factors by factor analysis and get 7 common factors .	本文选择了147个私有企业 , 分析了21个内部影响因素分析并获得7个共同因素 , 获得7个共同因素 。
the behavior of ca alginate immobilized yeast and polyvinyl alcohol immobilized yeast for continuous production of ethanol is studied .	研究了催化剂的催化剂和聚丙烯酸酯酯的催化作用 , 探讨了乙醇的连续生产过程 。
doing so has all sorts of bad consequences , including poor performance , massive system backups , deterring manageability , and increasing odds of failure .	所以 , 所有的基本概念 , 包括潜在性能、数字系统反馈、消除系统的可靠性 , 以及增加失败的措施 。
a novel approach to the realtime speech quality evaluation in a packet network using feedforward multiple class random neural network was presented .	提出了一种新型的方法 , 提出了一种新的实时的语言质量评价方法 , 提出了一种新的实时语言质量评价方法 。
nevertheless , in the process that await , 9 cities must the loss of the prediction of a person's luck in a given year that susceptive is a player and income .	然而 , 在这个过程中 , 9个城市必须必须在一年给予一个人幸运的预测 , 支持力量是一个玩家和收入 。
objective:to investigate the relationship between the changes of plasm endothelin and nitric oxide and blood pressure in patients with essential hypertension .	目的:探讨血管内皮的关系 , 探讨血压和血压患者血压的变化与血压的关系 。
after the meeting , dai and kim watched the debut of the opera , " the dream of the red chamber " , along with the dprk people from all walks of life .	在会议之后 , 大卫和凯姆在会议之后 , 大卫和凯姆在会议之后 , " 红军队的梦想 " , 红军队的梦想 " 的梦想 " 、红军人生的梦想 。
objective to test the strength of different suture fixation of tendon or ligament end and evaluate appropriate stitches number in cruciate ligament reconstruction .	目的探讨不同的固定固定性固定性和评价适合适宜的方法 , 检测不同的固定性固定性固定性的强度 。
it is necessary to calculate the loading situation when designing arch pipe . the computation and application of arch pipes in crossing project is mainly discussed .	针对设计设计架构管道的载荷情况 , 主要探讨了连接项目的结构管道的计算和应用 。
objective to evaluate the value of magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatographyin the diagnosis of benign and malignant bile tract obstructions .	目的探讨磁共振检查的价值 , 探讨磁共振检测和磁共振检测的诊断价值 。
experts believe this is largely due to the fact that men have thicker skin which hides the appearance of bulging fat cells that cause cellulite .	专家认为 , 这是因为男性有厚皮肤 , 使男性皮肤的皮肤变得很大 。
i'll talk about who will benefit from the course and a little bit about sort of the detailed subject matter that we'll cover in the course of this semester .	我会谈到谁将来自法院和一个关于详细描述的物体物质的事物 , 我们将会在这个阶段的课程中获得更好的事物 。
does your stomach tense ? your breathing quicken ? your pulse race ? your hands tremble ? these sensations prevented carly simon from performing live for years .	你的胃部十分吗 ? 你的呼吸速度快吗 ? 你的手臂骨骨折吗 ? 你的手臂骨骨骨折 ? 你的手骨骨骨折 ? 这些感觉是由于生活的 。
during the production of hog cholera rabbitadapeted bovine testis cellular vaccine , there occurred that the virulence of the vaccine has not attained its standard .	在生产中 , 霍格拉布拉伯达的葡萄糖乳腺腺病毒的生产过程中 , 因此 , 疫苗的暴力不确定其标准 。
the active chlorine atoms were introduced in the chlorinated cispolybutadiene through a strong organic acid containing active chlorine .	介绍了一种强有机酸含有活性氯胺原子的活性氯胺原子的活性氯酸原子 。
our companys product are very well , and the products are wellselled in the world , such as : eastasia . and we have a great number of costoms in the world , es . japen , korea .	公司产品产品很好 , 产品很好 , 例如:东亚 , 以及我们在世界上有很多成本 , 日本 , 日本 , 韩国 。
soil salinization is one of the major factors compromising crop growth and leading to soil degeneration and desertification in natural ecological environment .	土壤盐化是自然生态环境的主要因素之一 , 是土壤生态环境的主要因素之一 。
this name in explaining their motives mayor acknowledged media reports of criminal incidents over the city xi wali , he is writing reports balance .	这个名字在解释了他们的电影中 , 这名名名名叫可能是在城市西西西西西西西西西西西西部的一名犯罪事件的报告中 , 这个名字在解释了他们的电影 。
this papers mainly introduces the making principles , properties , affecting factors and uses of the neutral silicone sealant for building and decoration .	本文主要介绍了制造原理、性能、影响因素、影响因素、影响因素 , 主要介绍了建筑和装饰原理的主要原理、制造原理、制造原理、性能、特性、影响因素、影响因素、影响因素和利用因素 。
current work includes a contemporary five bedroom house , a modern home over 1500m square and the complete redesignofafamilyhouse .	目前 , 目前的工作包括当代五卧室 , 一个现代家庭在1500米平方和完整的房子中 , 全部的房子 。
and then , there's also a sincere and urgent question about how the person is middle aged person , and he doesn't want to waste time , and you know how should he practice .	然后 , 还有一个自由和当前的问题 , 是如何中年老人 , 他不想做的时候 , 你知道他应该如何实践 。
english idioms become the subject of aesthetics , for the inborn attractiveness , appeal and sociality which turns to be aesthetical values .	英语学习成为美学物质的主题 , 对于吸引力的吸引力、现代和社会的社会性和社会价值来说 , 是一种理论价值的价值 。
the cachedrowsetimpl implementation is scrollable , allowing you to scroll backwards and forwards amongst the set of records represented by a rowset .	调用浏览简单的实现是可以稳定的 , 允许您可以通过浏览的浏览器代表的记录组合的背景和奖励 。
yet as our special report in this week’s issue shows , the achievements of germany , europe’s biggest economy , tell a rather different story .	然而 , 我们的特殊报告显示 , 德国问题的成就 , 欧洲最大的经济 , 欧洲最大的经济 , 告诉我们的故事 。
calls to the api take the form of an http request to an established service entrypoint url , including details of the request as xml data .	请求api的api , 请求一个htttttp请求的形式 , 包括xml数据 。
malaysia still keeps primary and secondary schools . pupils are taught in chinese except for the subjects of english and malay culture .	马拉尼亚仍然保持主义和第二个学校 , 比赛在中国大学中 , 中国大学仍然是英语和马拉斯文化的主题 。
this lets you generate pdf files , xls spreadsheets , or dynamic web pages without actually opening an ide and compiling any code .	这让您创建pdf文件 , xlsssssspheretet , 或者动态web页面并没有开放一个ide和完成任何代码 。
the results show that the effect intension of sexselective abortion had been increasing in the course of time and it was uneven upon fertile women with different demographic characteristics .	结果表明 , 毒性吸收率的效果越来越大 , 具有不同民主的民主性特征 , 具有不同的民主性特征的影响 。
the core of higher education is to train the students of gain creative abilites . the key lies in the teachers'guidance and the students'participation .	高等教育的核心是培训高等教师的学生 , 教师的学生在教师参与和学生的关键 。
a new contract for robin van persie is on arsène wenger's agenda but he does not want the issue to become a media obsession in the months to come .	一个新的合同是在阿森纳的阿森纳森纳森纳的阿森纳德森纳州阿森纳的阿森纳州阿森纳的一个新合同 , 但他不希望这个问题的问题成为一个媒体的媒体观点 。
the beauty of seven < /p> < p> son hostage threatened chen yu , chen yu eventually did not dare let america hurt , let these people .	七个<p>>><<<<<<<>的儿子宫 , 陈永 , 终于不敢敢让美丽 , 让这些人都不敢敢敢敢让美丽 , 让这些人都不敢敢敢 。
i did my home work when planning for the trip to angkor wat . i knew it would be hard to take good pictures of basreliefs using the built in flash on the camera .	我在计划的时候 , 我知道自己的家里是否会很难做的 , 我知道它会很难在框架上获得良好的图片 。
botrytis and anthracnose can cause rot of leaves and loss of young growth , usually stems lying on the ground or splashed during irrigation .	波里蒂和阿拉斯诺可以引起幼儿生长和年轻的年轻的年轻生长 , 通常是慢慢慢慢慢慢慢慢慢慢慢慢慢慢的 。
the quality means person's general conditions which includes the person's quality of thought and moral , science ond culture , labour skill .	质量意味着人们的一般条件 , 包括个人的思想和道德质量 , 科学对文化、劳动技能、劳动技能的一般条件 。
wang wei expresses to this , cent brews really into the plan long already , the most crucial problem that faces is advertisement advocate admit degree .	王武在这里表达 , 中央公债实际上 , 已经进入了计划 , 最重要的问题是广告的广告代表的广告债务 。
we can reship orders that are returned to us as undeliverable or unclaimed . however , customers will be charged resend shipping fee per parcel .	然而 , 我们可以重新回到我们的订单 , 然而 , 客户将会被查看到 , 客户将会被拒绝在公园内的船舶 。
price undertakings shall not be sought or accepted unless mofcom have made a preliminary affirmative determination of dumping and injury caused by such dumping .	价格下降 , 价格不应该是因为或接受的 , 因此 , 应该得到预防 , 调整和调整调整 , 造成这样的调整和调整 。
results anthocyanin from purple sweet potato consists of cyanidin , delphinidin , malvidin , petunidin and methyl anthocyanins .	结果 , 采用紫外糖、甲基酸、甲基酸、甲基酸、甲基酸、乙酰胺、乙酰胺、乙酰胺、乙酰胺、乙酰胺、乙酰胺、乙酰胺、乙酰胺、乙酰胺、乙酰胺、乙酰胺、乙酰胺、乙酰胺、乙酰胺、乙酰胺、甲
get to know different types of smoking woods for making barbeque brisket and learn more about bbq grills and fire pits in this free cooking video .	为了解不同类型的吸烟木材 , 为了使得bbbqqqgill和火炬在这个自由烹饪视频中学习的bbbbbbbqqqqqqggillills和firepitpitpitpitpitpsssssssssssss
solar alternativeitude , azimuth , geography longitude , latitude , alternativeitude , cloud cover , atmospheric transparency .	太阳的替代性 , 动物 , 动物 , 动物 , 地理长期 , 层次 , 外界 , 云覆盖 , 云覆盖 , 气候变化 。
designer li xinggang once said the bowl shape would help spectators focus on the bottom center of the container , and integrate people and the structure as a whole .	设计师李兴在一旦说 , 黑色形状将帮助观众注意到包含者的底部中心 , 集成了人们和整个人类和结构的结构 。
there might be no better place in the world to learn to scuba dive than the glassy seas around key west , at the southernmost tip of the u . s .	世界上还没有更好的地方 , 学会不到世界上 , 至今 , 在美国南部的西方西部的西方 , 就不会更好的地方 。
u . s . president barack obama is devoting most of his time and public appearances these days to one issue reforming the nation's health care system .	美国总统奥巴马总统奥巴马的奥巴马大多数时候 , 美国总统奥巴马大多数时候 , 这些问题在改革国家卫生保健体系的问题 。
the components of starch , fat , amino acid and ash were determined to analyzed nutrient components of iron stick yam and bubil .	分析了淀粉、脂肪、脂肪酸、脂肪酸等组成部分 , 测定了铁酸和铁酸的营养组成部分 。
i am a totally shock when i read this message , then i though back what he sms me last night , he seems like have some kind of showing since yesterday .	昨天我读了这个消息时 , 然后我觉得他最后一天晚上 , 他看起来像是一样的 。
as a characteristic type of city , resources cities have ever made great achievements in building up the whole industry and national economy system for china .	作为一个特殊的城市 , 资源城市已经在建筑整个工业和国家经济体系中得到了很大的成就 。
introduced are basic principle , process flow , technical characteristics and engineering example of locat sulfur recovery process and its application prospect in china .	介绍了基本原理、过程流程、工程特点、工程特点、工程特点和工程实例 , 阐述了当地自我恢复过程和应用前景 。
if you've used rails acts_as_authenticated , you know that a loggedin user will set the value associated with the :user key within the session .	如果你已经使用了铁路活动 , 您知道 , 一个锁定用户将设置在会议内的值得关键 。
dinstein explained neural activity continues even during sleep and in a typical brain , normally correlates to certain patterns .	饮食蛋白解释 , 甚至在睡眠期间 , 即使在经典脑中 , 通常与某些模式相关 , 通常相关 。
the team also designed a removable observation tower that could be used to direct the fire of the howitzers and rockets while the tank was in a turret down position .	团队还设计了一个可移除的观察塔 , 可以用来直接对策略和岩石的火箭和岩石在一棵树下的地方 。
our government should build various facilities such as sewage treatment plant and encourage scientists to work out more and better ways to reduce water pollution .	我们政府应该建设各种设施 , 例如 , 严格处理厂和鼓励科学家 , 更好地减少水污染的方法 。
although they risked being heckled for saying so , chinese voices on the web suggested that public opinion here is ready for something more sophisticated .	尽管他们冒险了 , 中国声音在网络上说 , 中国声音的声音在网络上说 , 尽管他们已经准备更多的东西 。
newland archer , looking out of his hotel window atthe stately gaiety of the paris streets , felt his heartbeating with the confusion and eagerness of youth .	新岛建筑师 , 看着他的酒店窗户 , 看着他的酒店窗户 , 尽管他和青少年混淆和平均的心脏和悲伤 。
ben: yes . numerous people stayed up that night and on tv i saw people walking on the chang' an street waving the national flags excitedly .	贝恩:是的 , 很多人站在那夜晚上 , 晚上 , 我看到了我看到了长城市的一个街上 , 人们看到了长城市的街上 。
interrogation hermione , he did admit that xiuzhi and zhimin also try their best to help cover hermione , the responsibility to push on the whole region .	他承认 , 西安娜和朱迪也同样试图帮助她们的最好的帮助她们的帮助 , 负责对整个地区的责任 。
even though the fitted bodice can draw attention to ladies with smaller or heavier busts , small adjustments can be made to provide a more balanced shape .	然而 , 虽然 , 适合的book可以注意到小型或重型的小调整 , 小调整可以做到更多的平衡形状 。
clearly , different levels of management , whether shorebased or at sea , will require varying levels of knowledge and awareness of the items outlined .	明显 , 不同的管理水平 , 是否要求在海岸或海岸 , 需要改变知识和意识的知识水平和意识的认识水平 。
the government allowed sharia law to be imposed there earlier this year after failing to suppress the twoyear offensive by armed extremists in the region .	政府允许上海法律在今年早些时候 , 今年早些时候 , 今年 , 政府允许上海法律 。
he added english subtitles for the movie were provided in eight local cinemas , although seven of them only showed its 2d version , according to the report .	据报道 , 据报道 , 他补充了英语物质 , 为8个地方电影提供了英语电影 , 尽管只有7个电影只有7个显示了它的2d版本 。
according to daly , an apple representative spoke to him by phone to inform him that the rejection of the app was due to its " politically charged " nature .	根据大坝 , 一位苹果代表员说 , 通过电话的电话来告诉他 , 这些应用程序的注册是因为 " 政治挑战 " 的 " 政治挑战 " 自然 " 的 。
the scientific basis for establishing a set of scientific and integrated system of examination for further carrying out postgraduate education thorou...	为了建立一个科学基础 , 建立了一组科学基础 , 进一步探讨了进一步实验教育教育理论的科学基础 。
perhaps most importantly , cd19l killed even those leukemia cells that were highly resistant to both standard chemotherapy drugs as well as radiation .	可能大多数是 , cdl-19l-19l杀死了 , 甚至在这些病毒中 , 甚至有可能大多数病毒和辐射 。
the system will enable warfighters to use handheld computers to request fullmotion video of area of interests such as suspected enemy positions or hostile territory .	系统将使得系统能够有效地使用手臂计算机 , 请求全面有趣的视频 , 例如对敌人的位置或热电器进行全面参考 。
ok is without doubt the bestknown and widesttravelled americanism , used and recognised even by people who hardly know another word of english .	好的是 , 没有疑问最好的美国主义者 , 甚至是因为那些很难认识到另一个英语的英语 。
organizational keep zhou muyang when on the junction of the traffic policemen , in order to convenient life , she will be home and moved to the east china sea .	组织保持赵明先生在交通政策的时候 , 为了便宜的生活 , 她将回家到东海 , 搬到东海 。
the princess bride is the perfect romantic movie for men because it celebrates virtues that are important to the muddier sex , as well as the fairer .	原则的原则是男性的完美的浪漫电影 , 因此它是因为它的庆祝虚拟的虚拟虚拟虚拟 , 同时也很重要 。
in the course of a few weeks tess revived sufficiently to show herself so far as was necessary to get to church one sunday morning .	在几个星期的几个星期中 , 很少的球员们得到了很好的表现 , 如此早上 , 还有必要在星期天早上找到自己的球队 。
the approach uses a fibrin gel to support rat cardiac cells temporarily , before the fibrin breaks down as the cells organize into tissue .	本方法采用一种纤维素gel来支持大鼠心肌细胞 , 在纤维破裂后 , 在纤维突破细胞或组织组织组织组织组织的组织中 , 用来支持胰岛素细胞细胞 。
discusses the windows which play an important role in building's energy saving and points nut that the lowe glass is the best one in this respect at present .	讨论了在建筑的能源节约和点点点下的窗户 , 探讨了在此方面的最好的角色 。
over time , as we age , the number of mutations begins to outstrip the system’s ability to makerepairs , and mitochondria start malfunctioning and dying .	随着我们的年代 , 我们的数量开始推出系统的能力 , 导致系统的能力 , 导致系统的能力 , 迈克里亚开始自动启动和动力 。
a separate study of holozooplankton , that look like tiny transparent insects , doubled the number of known species from 7 , 000 to 14 , 000 .	本研究的一个分离研究 , 看起来像微分离物质 , 两者从7 , 000到14 , 000到14 , 000到14 , 000
running the traditional kind of business is very stressful ! after trying out amway's products , and seeing how our upline was having such a great time , we decided to join .	运行传统的业务是很强的 ! 经过总是试图生产的产品 , 看到我们的上线是怎么做的 , 我们决定去加入这样的时间 , 然后 , 经过我们的上线是怎样的 。
the blood is a human life is so important in human language , blood on the terms of the very rich , such as the energetic , emotional , hard , and so on .	血液是人类语言的重要生命 , 是人类语言的重要生活 , 血液在极富裕的物质上 , 如鼓励、情绪、情绪、情绪、艰难、艰难、艰难、艰难等方面 。
berg got up , and cautiously embracing his wife so as not to crush the lace bertha , for which he had paid a round sum , he kissed her just on her lips .	伯格上起来 , 很严肃地把妻子放弃了他的妻子 , 所以他不要把自己的妻子扔掉了那个衣服 , 因此他在她的列表上 。
national oilwell varco has developed the next generation program , which will train and develop high potential college graduates for future leadership positions .	国家石油瓦尔科已经开发了下一代程序 , 将培训和发展高潜在的大学毕业 , 为未来领导领导领导的领导领导领导地位 。
railcars , carrying passengers and goods , are main tache in the railage . with the development of society , railage makes higher and higher demands on railcars .	铁路 , 运动速度和货物 , 主要是在铁路上 , 随着社会的发展 , 随着社会的发展 , 铁路的发展更高 , 铁路的需求越来越高 , 铁路的需求越高 。
she keeps a hopechest of items that were important to her husband: quilts made out of hisshirts , pillows made from his ties , his holeinone ball .	她保持一个希望的项目 , 是很重要的 , 是她的丈夫 , 很快就从他的艺术 , 照片从他的椅子里做出了 。
in the paper , the world uranium resources , its distribution and changes in some countries are introduced by using the information from red bookpublished in 2006 .	本文介绍了世界uranumource资源、其分布和改变在2006年 , 通过红色图书发布的信息来源进行详细介绍 。
now , the wahl ningbo is planning to develop domestic market both in professional , animal and consumer markets . we hope more people join us and we will be much better tomorrow .	目前 , 华尔l机构正计划开发国内市场 , 动物市场 , 动物市场 , 动物市场 , 动物和消费者市场 , 我们希望更多人和消费市场 , 希望我们将更好地加入我们 。
a separate report on friday showed consumer credit rose in november for the second straight month after 20 months of declines , which could bode well for spending .	今天 , 星期五 , 一份报告显示 , 消费者信贷款在20个月之后 , 第二个月之后 , 第二个月之后 , 这可能会使得消费者增长 。
conclusionusing cgms and csii in diabetic patients can get valuable information about blood sugar drift and offer a reasonable clinical therapy .	结论cgm和csii在诊断患者可获得血糖糖尿病患者的价值信息 , 提供合理的临床疗法 。
an online hiphop community , has received an equity investment from universal music group the financial details of the investment were not disclosed .	网络教育社区 , 由于大学音乐集团的财政部门 , 投资的财政部门没有讨论 。
but town planners , zealously trying to turn the capital into a modern , efficient and cosmopolitan city , have consigned most of them to history .	然而 , 城镇计划者 , 试图将资本转化到现代、有效、高效、高效、高效、气候城市 , 已经认为大多数到历史 。
wordpress:pages are like posts but " live outside of the normal blog chronology " as you are reminded when you visit the manage pages subpanel .	语言表示: " 在正常的博客科技 " 的时候 , 语言表示: " 消息是如果你在视觉管理页面的管理页面的页面子中 , 生活在正常的博客科技中 。
the baby effective early learning program in the uk is a perfect and multiplex assessment system with the combination of evaluation making and education processes .	英国早期学习项目是一个完善的和多个探索系统 , 与评估和教育过程相结合的评估系统进行评估和评估和评估 。
the addition of tapp has improved the compression strength and modulus of rpuf with respect to the compatibility enhancement derived from coupling agent .	补充补充剂的补充剂改善了rppf的压缩强度和rpuf的压缩强度和模式 。
this article introduces the villa named " bamboo wall " which was designed by the japanese architect kengo kuma , with analysis of the design process .	本文介绍了 " 竹墙 " 的设计过程 , 设计了日本建筑建筑的设计过程 , 分析了设计过程的设计过程 。
next , do an immediatemode compare of register 3 with the number 0 and store the result in register 4 with ceqi $4 , $3 , 0 .	接下来 , 做了一个模式的模式比较 , 随着数字00 , 存储了sqi4美元4 , 3 , 0美元 , 0美元 。
on sunday the observer claimed that " the tea party rose out of anger over the scale of federal spending , and in particular in bailing out the banks " .	星期天 , 观察者们称 , " 茶党党在联邦支出了联邦支出 , 尤其是在银行的银行中 , 特别是在银行出现的银行 。
by the late 1990s , however , licensing samples had become so costly that many rappers began to create backing tracks and sounds from scratch instead .	然而 , 由于1990年末 , 公开销售样本已经成为成本上 , 许多快乐开始创建回回溯踪迹和声音 。
the fiveyear survival rate for melanoma is about 98 percent if detected early but can be as low as 15 percent when detected at an advanced stage .	五年的证据率为98% , 如果检测早期的早期检测 , 但在预测阶段的时候 , 这个五年的证据率为98% 。
but after the passing of galadriel in a few years celeborn grew weary of his realm and went to imladris to dwell with the sons of elrond .	然而 , 在过去几年里 , 加拉拉德尔的过去 , 他的实际上 , 到达尔兰德里的儿子上 , 还有几年来 , 他的女孩们的女孩们的女孩 。
on the evening of march 28 , 2001 , chilean president met with foreign minister tang who was in chile to attend the east asialatin america forum .	2001年3月28日 , 芝利亚总统会见到外交部长唐唐在参加东美洲的东美洲 。
on the back side of the glove are hundreds of rhinestones individually sewn on . this glove is a significant piece of pop history .	在全球的背面上 , 全球的背面是一百个人 , 这个世界上 , 这个全球是历史史上最大的一片重要的地方 。
business is booming for detroitbased companies in china today , and those partnerships are paying off at a time when sales in the u . s . have been less than stellar .	业务在今天 , 美国销售销售的时候 , 美国销售的商业正在购买 , 这些合作伙伴们的合作伙伴在美国销售的时候 , 美国销售的销售量比欧元更少 。
the outlook on organic form in new criticism consists of three concepts such as " literary autonomy " , " organic whole " and " unity of opposites " .	新批评中有机形式 , 如 " 文学自治 " 、 " 组织 " 、 " 和 " 反对者 " 的有机形式 。
the following command will create , within volume group testvg , a jfs2 file system of 10mb with mounting point /fs2 and having read only permissions	接下来的命令将创建 , 将在umumumumum组测试中创建一个jfs2文件系统 , 一个jfs2文件系统的10mbs2组jfs2组件系统 , 一个jfs2组的命令系统 。
objective to study the relationship between interleukin 6 and interleukin 18 levels in serum and the syndrome differentiation of rheumatoid arthritis .	目的探讨内皮6和内皮素18水平的关系 , 探讨其中18个水平和对称性的影响 。
the current operation state and problems of electromagnetic stirring system of skf furnace of no . 1 steel mill of maanshan iron & steel co .	目前 , 目前的电磁铁路系统的电磁铁路系统和问题的电磁铁路系统的现状运行状况和问题 。
meanwhile , double lineage inheritance , equal inheritance between the sexes , and establishment of individual property have become the basic content .	同时 , 双线线性的同时 , 同时 , 单个性属性建立了一个基本内容 , 成为基本内容 。
the perfect state of love is being single and alone , just like the flower words delivered by garland flowers : keep the memory in the summer ...	爱情的完美状态是单一和alalalalalone , 就像花朵翻译的花朵翻译的话:在夏天夏天的夏天 , 保持记忆 。
the huadian basin situated in southern jilin province of ne china is a half graben basin and lies to north of the dunhuamishan faults .	湖南部地区的南部地区 , 位于中国南部的南部 , 是一半绿盆地和林林林北部 。
this unit features two 128gallon mixing tanks , a 30gallon holding hopper and a flanged inlet progressive cavity grout pump .	这个单位特征为128个全球混合箱 , 一个30glon的配套箱 , 一个30glonhopper和flglon的进展能力增强剂泵 。
although " reasonable pluralism " often characterizes the public culture of a democracy , the mainstream ideology in modern times is economism .	虽然 " 理由主义 " 经常特征民主文化的公共文化 , 现代时代的主流思想是经济主义的主义 。
a chemicalriskassessment model system is recently constructed , based on updated atmospheric dispersion numerical algorithms and the adjoint method .	最近建立了一种化学的化学基础 , 建立了一种新型气候散散散散算法和调节方法 。
the selection of commodities and the assignment of weights require careful consideration , but if done properly inflation will no longer be a matter of concern .	商品选择和商品选择选择选择 , 要求重量考虑 , 但如果有效的通货膨胀将不再是关心 。
methods according to the reasonable operative plan , operation was performed under the guidance of ct and bultrasonotomography on the examining table with carm .	方法根据合理的操作计划 , 运行在ctctct和超声声声图的指导下 , 用卡m进行检查 , 进行检查 。
now therefore know certainly that ye shall die by the sword , by the famine , and by the pestilence , in the place whither ye desire to go and to sojourn .	因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 应该被刀死死 , 由于那个人所以 , 由于是因此 , 在那里 , 在那里 , 在那里 , 最近的事实上 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 应该是因此
an integrating analog to digital converter is disclosed that comprises a delay locked loop which is synchronized to a reference clock signal .	讨论了数字转换器的一个集成参数字转换器 。
the newspaper said that hkma will increase its exposure in the two european capitals through the exchange fund , an investment vehicle hkma manages .	记者说 , hkkkma将增加两个欧洲资本 , 通过交易基金 , 投资汽车hkkma管理 。
stocks' recent pullback has put renewed pressure on household budgets . the s&p 500 index has fallen about 4 percent so far in july .	股票最近 , 股票最近在家庭预算中 , 股票最近收到了4% , 7月前 , 股票500指数已跌至4% 。
and he reinstituted limits on nongovernmental organizations that operate overseas and receive u . s . taxpayer money from performing abortions .	他拒绝对非政府组织的限制限制 , 美国税收到美国税收到美国税收支付的美国税务机构的限制 。
if special circumstances prevent this from being realized , it may issue them in installments with the approval of the securities committee of the state council .	如果特殊的循环保障措施 , 可能会对他们安全的安全委员会的安全委员会进行安全 。
in general relativity , time is considered a dimension like height , width and depth , creating a four dimensional universe called spacetime .	一般来说 , 时间就像高度、宽度和死亡 , 创造了四个直径的宇宙宇宙的宇宙 。
few people were custom to making inquiries of their souls from very earlier due to it is more difficult to inspect one's own heart than write a resume .	少数人自然在为了让他们的灵魂而言 , 由于它是因为它更难看到自己自己的心脏 , 比写一笔红色的心脏很困难 。
a spokesman for fernando lugo , paraguay’s president , said that he would continue in office despite being diagnosed with lymphatic cancer .	巴拉拉圭总统说 , 他将继续诊断 , 尽管他在奥巴拉圭总统说 , 尽管他将继续在办公室内 , 尽管他将继续诊断 。
the permit holder shall ensure that the project is designed , constructed and operated in accordance with the information and recommendations contained in the eia report .	本项目应当确保项目设计 , 根据信息和建议 , 应当保证项目应当确保项目的项目 , 建设和操作 。
this model duration is longer , disappear naturally slow also , if have reappearance rash , can show constantly snakelike , annulus much shape , more annular .	本模型较长 , 远程自然缓慢 , 如果有恢复速度 , 可以显示nasscakekeke、nulusususus的形状、更多的通常形状 , 更多 。
in 2007 , niu niu joined emi family and thus became the world's youngest classic pianist signed by international classic music brands .	2007年 , 尼乌加入家庭 , 因此 , 成为世界上最年轻的经典钢琴家 , 由国际经典音乐品牌签名 。
but in my experience , the base uml language is more than sufficient for documenting the essentials of the architecture of most softwareintensive systems .	然而 , 在我经验中 , 基本uml语言的基础上 , 对于大多数软件注意系统的建筑物的基本语言来说 , 基本语言比较高 。
i think if i do some aerobic exercise at night , it could help boost my energy levels during the 15am period where i experience the most drowsiness .	我认为 , 如果我在晚上做了一些生命运动 , 可以帮助我在15毫米的能量水平 , 在那里我在15毫米的15毫米的时间里我经历了最大的驱动性 。
from the first day of treatment with ae , the chemotaxis of mice pmn began to descend and the effect of large dosagegroups were greater than that of small dosage groups .	第一天 , 由于治疗的第一天 , 小剂量pmn的化学氧化剂开始降低和大量的大量狗的效果较大 。
the presentation at the chicago conference , which recently disappeared from a siemens web site , never discussed specific places where the machines were used .	最近在芝加哥会议中 , 最近在芝加哥会议中 , 最近从一个温度web网站的网站上 , 永远讨论了机器的特殊地方 。
according to the fire statistics , the onevariable linear regression mathematical model is used to predict the spread of fire and to supervise the fire prevention .	根据火灾统计 , 提出了一种可用的线性回归数学模型 , 为了预测火灾的速度和监测火灾预防 。
methods 245 undergraduate students were evaluated by selfrating depression scale , selfrating anxiety scale and a selfmade questionnaire .	方法对245岁的245岁的学生进行评估 , 采用自我检查、自我问题和自我问题进行评估 。
'we shouldn't be coerced through this process to contribute more to that effort than we're willing to do voluntarily , ' mr . lauria told the court .	" 我们不应该通过这个过程 , 通过这个过程 , 要比我们要做的努力 , " 劳里亚先生说 。
the celegians are a species of intelligent scyphozoans , appearing as floating brains trailing a cluster of prehensile tentacles .	埃利亚人是一个智能的科学家 , 表示 , 如浮浮的大脑训练一群前往往往往往往往往往往往往往往往往往 。
studies have suggested that demand for new planes from chinese airlines will increase fivefold over the next 20 years , requiring over 2 , 000 additional aircraft .	研究表明 , 中国航空公司的需求要求将增加到20年 , 需要2 , 000多个航空飞机 。
the people of israel saw the amazing works of god and heard the thundering voice of god from mount sinai , and they trembled in righteous fear .	阿拉伯人看到了神的作品 , 听到神的声音 , 听到神的声音 , 听到神的声音 , 听到神的声音 。
in many regions , teachers engage in preparation before they start teaching in schools , a stage referred to in this document as preservice teacher education .	在很多地方 , 教师们在学校开始教学后 , 教师们在学校开始教学 , 一个阶段指出在这个文档中被称为 " 老师教师 " 教师 " 教师 " 教师 " 的课程 。
i can ! when eden was born he was given antibiotics to clear excess fluid from his lungs . the nicu doctors advised us to permit it .	我可以 ! 当德里的时候 , 他给予抗生物来清除他的肺液中 , 尼日医生建议我们承认它 。
a friendly microclimate unfurled itself from the bottle of johnnie walker and encouraged my imagination to emerge from its burrow .	一个朋友微笑的微笑 , 来自约翰尼·沃尔德·沃尔德·沃尔德·沃尔德·沃尔德·沃尔德·沃尔德·沃尔德·沃尔德·沃尔德·沃尔德·沃尔德·沃尔德·沃尔德·沃尔德·沃尔德·沃尔德尔斯
as they were passing through a grove of small trees , they heard a great fluttering over their heads and a feeble chirping in the grass by the roadside .	正如他们经过小树 , 听到了一只小树的小树 , 它们听到了一只小的小树 , 它们听到了它们的头部和头部的头部和头部和一只小鸟在路边的小树上 。
in addition to the body has some disease outside smoked more than 10 a day or alcohol and have genital inflammation is can't use drugs of abortion .	除了体外 , 体外有些疾病 , 除了10天或10天 , 还有一般的炎症 , 通常是不能使用吸收药物的药物 。
ie10 platform preview 1 , available for download today is the first step in delivering the next wave of progress in native html5 support .	今天 , ie10平台预测1 , 可用的下载平台平台平台平台平台预测1 , 可用于下一步 , 第一步在地方html5llll5支持下一个步骤下一步 。
therefore on teaching reform , the training of the former should be combined to the training of latter so that students may improve their overall capacity in thinking .	因此 , 在教学改革中 , 前者应该结合到教学改革的训练 , 因此 , 学生可能提高他们的思想的全面能力 。
the ceramic coatings possess some excellent capability of corrosion resistance , heatstrike resistance , wearlessness , electric insulation and so on .	陶瓷涂料的陶瓷涂料具有较好的耐腐性、耐热性、耐热性、耐磨性、耐磨性、耐磨性、耐磨性、无磨性、耐磨性、耐磨性等优良的能力 。
the controller has been used in multiunit electric drive synchronization control system of textile dyeing machinery . it has high control presision and reliability .	控制器在多功能驱动机的多功能驱动控制系统中使用了多功能控制系统的控制器 , 具有较高的控制压力和可靠性 。
conclusion discrimination dosages of 5 insecticides to adult mosquito could be used for the resistance detection of cx . pipiens pallens in china .	结论 , 结论我国5个ctctctctctctctct医生可以为cx.ppipipi的耐药检测 , 可用于我国cxxxx.ppipipipipipipipipipipipipipipipipipipi的检测方法 。
for most , the goal is to swallow all the grapes before the last stroke of midnight , but peruvians insist on taking in a 13th grape for good measure .	大多数 , 目标是在最后一夜之前 , 最后一夜之前 , 最后一天晚上 , 但在13-3-13种图案上 , 目标是将所有的图片转换成 。
the synchronization information is carried by short code , which overcomes the difficulty of correlation code transmission in fast frequencyhopping .	通过短段代码的同步化信息 , 通过短期代码的相关代码传输信息 , 使得最快频频率传输的相关代码传输的相关代码传输困难 。
this is what leads to the need to delineate the relationship and distinction between serviceorientation and serviceoriented technology architecture . here’s one way of breaking it down	这是需要解决服务与服务客户端的关系和分配的关系 , 以及服务的科技建筑之间的相关性 , 这是不断破坏它的一个方法之一 。
errors of this type get passed through into the generated code or configuration files , which can make it difficult to backtrack to the original source of the problem .	这个类型的rorororrorororororororor通过代码或配置文件的错误 , 可以使它很难回溯到原始源的原始源的原始源源 。
the direct cause is the emerging atmbased bisdn and the advent of adsl , the shortened form of asymmetric digital subscriber loop .	直接原因是一项调制的主要原因 , 主要原因是对称数字子子数字子数字子数字子丢失的产生 。
the conclusion is that assembling waterstoring cellar is technically viable , and should be popularized in watercollection and watersaving irrigation projects .	结论:结论 , 结论结论 , 结论 , 结论 , 结论 , 结论 , 结论 , 结论 , 结论在水污染和水灌溉工程中 , 应该在水污染和水污染工程中流行 。
it is important to point out , though , that schools of a certain type actively seek out waldorf graduates as potential students .	然而 , 很重要的是指出 , 然而 , 学校有一定类型的学校 , 看到某种类型的词汇毕业 , 看起来像潜在的学生 。
senior officials from 21 countries are meeting in hawaii this week for the annual summit of the asia pacific economic cooperation forum apec .	上海21个国家的高级官员 , 今天 , 今天 , 今天 , 亚洲经济合作协会的年来 , 高级官员在上海举行会议 。
it also discusses function of city circular road construction , the necessity of performing by stages and the station of viaduct in circular road .	还讨论了城市循环路建设的功能 , 探讨了城市循环路建设的必要性 , 建设的必要性和路线的必要性 。
the multipurpose combined plough can combine the cultivation and loosening and implements the work of an empty entity coexistence cultivation method .	多种类型组合物 , 可结合多层聚合物 , 可结合多层聚合物 , 实现空调性培养方法的工作 。
sun erniangs is strongly commended by shi nai'an , revealing his advanced concepts of equality between men and women at that time .	苏丹尼尼尼尼日很强的建议 , 通过泰纳纳纳纳南部 , 揭示他在男性和女性之间的先进概念和女性之间的平等概念 。
some instinct had startled them , and they turned their backs on the train and began to bounce away through the grass , their motion as graceful as any ballerina's .	有些投资已经开始了他们 , 他们在训练的背部 , 开始在草坪上 , 他们的运动中 , 他们的运动就像任何球迷们的运动 。
pyridoxine : was found to be more effective than methylphenidate in treating a group of hyperactive children in a doubleblind , crossover study .	肺毒素:在治疗双盲、骨折、骨折、骨折、骨折、骨折、骨折、骨折、骨折、骨折、骨折、骨折、骨折、骨折的有效性 。
advertising play a significant role in american business , furthermore , it exerts enormous effects on the nation's economy .	广告广告在美国商务中扮演了重要作用 , 进一步 , 进一步对国家经济的影响很大影响 。
thank you for your collection and keeping the weidong xing works and this collection card , and your behavior of collecting will also be an important part of the works .	谢谢谢你为你的收集和保持新兴工作的合作卡 , 同时还是收集的行为也是一个重要组成部分 。
participants who took a daily dose saw their average number of satisfying sexual experiences increase from 2 . 7 to 4 . 5 per month .	参与者每天 , 参与者参与者每天都看到了他们的平均数量的平均经验 , 从2.7到4.5%的增加到4.5% 。
there is good oil and gas exploration potentiality in the low permeability chang 4+5 reservoir on yanchang formation in jiyuan area , ordos basin .	高油和气体勘探潜力是较好的石油和气体勘探潜力 。
the research will look at whether taking garlic capsules can disrupt the communication system of the pathogen pseudomonas to prevent illness from taking hold .	研究的研究将在寻找无论是否可以破坏病原肺炎的通信系统的通信系统 , 预防病毒肺炎的疾病 。
because of the special geological features in sublayers reservoir , the general method of injecting chemical agent does not fit the development of sublayers .	由于特殊的地质特征 , 层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层的特征 , 主要方法并不适合层层化学剂的发展 。
" i'm not saying that we looked dowdy , " mary says . " she said , 'you don't have to be dirty to be poor . ' i always remember that . "	" 我不说 , " 玛丽说 , " 玛丽说 , " 她说 , " 你不必要是很困难 。 "
it will be said that this revolution is likely to be betrayed or hijacked , that the hardliners and the theocrats are certain to prevail at the end of the day .	这将是说 , 这个革命可能会在今天的结束之后 , 难以击败 , 难以击败了 , 难以错误和争议者和协议在日末末末的结束 。
while iq and personality test may not bear much direct relation to fechner's ideas , their spirit is the same: to measure , to quantify , to know the difference between .	尽管我q和个性测试可能不会有很多直接的关系 , 他们的精神是相同的:测量、测量、质量、识别、知道之间的差异 。
but the sandbox has walls , as weibo for now does not play much with the outside world , and is subject to a rigorous monitoring and censorship regime .	然而 , 沙波x已经有墙壁 , 如今 , 如今 , 对于外世界的外部世界 , 目前 , 目前 , 沙波盒是一个富有的监控和犯罪的监控和犯罪的监控机构 。
well , that's a pretty big megaphone . and you'd be hardpressed , if you watched the entire day , to find a positive story about me on that front .	好吧 , 这是一个很大的手机 , 你很难说的话 , 如果你看到了整天的时候 , 找到了一个积极的故事 。
in 2008 , ceo braddock realized that one of the biggest obstacles to ordering groceries online is that consumers can't inspect and touch perishable food .	据2008年 , ceobradadadock实现 , ceobradadadockck已经认识到 , 这个消费者的消费者不能检查 , 消费者不能检查和可完善食物的食物 。
per patient treated , there is considerable variation in budgets for firstline drugs , in total ntp budgets and in total costs for each year 2002–2005 .	患者治疗 , 每年每年都有可考虑的病例 , 每年都有预算药物 , 总是平均预算和总成本 , 2002-2005年都有一定的变化 。
also an improvement has been made by inventing a kind of composite press which possesses the advantages of both the friction press and the hydraulic press .	同时 , 本发明了一种改善了一种有效的复合物压力的改进 , 使得两种动物压力和水压力的优点 。
it was considered a sign of progress that india’s parliament debated “population stabilization” this month after largely ignoring the issue for years .	印度议会的一项进展是一项重要的进展 , 印度议会的进展 , 这个月之后 , 这个月之后 , 大量忽略了问题 。
guanglei is studying the bachelor of visual media at griffith university campus and provides some fun and helpful insights in to his experience at griffith .	广大学正在研究视觉媒体媒体的基础上 , 为了在格兰菲大学校的基础上 , 为了对他的经验提供一些有效的帮助和帮助 。
it's useless staring at scoreboard . as nearly all the people had left the stand , hank resentfully went out of the stadium and got to the car in the parking lot .	这是无用的站在场景上 , 似乎所有的人都离开了那个站点 , 还有很多人都离开了那个站点 , 把车放在车上 。
while the current numbers may suggest a step in that direction , analysts say they are not a definitive indicator of a turnaround in china's trade .	目前 , 目前的数字可能会建议一个步骤 , 分析师说 , 分析师们并不说 , 中国的贸易中是一个有限的指导者 。
“this rubbish translation is edited at points , ” groused one post attached to the translation on sina . com , a popular web portal .	" rubish翻译是在点上编辑的 , " 很好的 " rubish翻译 " 是在insina的翻译中被编辑的 。 "
we analyses four main models of antimonopoly authority institution , and point that efficient power is very important to antimonopoly authority .	分析了反垄断机构的四个主要模型 , 指出 , 指出有效的权力是抗垄断权力的重要性 。
the donor must receive proper medical followup but this is often lacking when he or she is seen as a means to making a profit , " added dr luc noel .	捐赠物必须接受医疗资料 , 但在他或她看到的时候 , 捐赠者必须接受性能 , " 增加lucel " 补充道 。
and what " s more , the acreages of garden plot , agroland , residential and industrial land would gain its peak and then decrease to stable state . "	此外 , " 花园 " 的消息 , 同时 , 居住和工业地区将会增加其峰峰峰值 , 然后减少稳定状态 。 "
at least 19 people died in a stampede at the love parade dance music festival in the western german city of duisburg on july 24 , the bbc reported .	据据bbc报道 , 至少19人死在爱德国德国德国德国德国德国德国德国德国德国德国德国德国德国德国德国德国德国大使馆 , 至少19人死亡 。
imagination can make us anything , and , even if a teiresias syndrome leads to no overt acts , literature can make us anything and put us anywhere .	想象可以让我们做任何事 , 即使是 , 即使是一位铁路综合征的话 , 文学可以让我们做任何事情 , 文学可以让我们做出任何事情 , 文学可以让我们做出任何东西 。
after finishing , he removed flag and cheerfully wiped his mouth with it . some of stilwell's chinese are as young as 14 , few are older than 25 .	完成完成后 , 他已经删除了法拉格兰和切切切切地带 , 一些西西威尔尔顿的中国人在14岁之后 , 几乎比25岁了 。
a city of westcentral peru on the pacific ocean near lima . founded in 1537 , it is peru's largest port . population , 264 , 133 .	1537年1537年 , 西部的西部城市 , 位于西部海洋附近的一城市 , 于164岁 , 人口 , 人口264岁 , 人口264岁 , 1333岁 。
noone made a fuss and i have found it hard to make the case that this archaeologically superrich city is much poorer without one old tumbledown mosque .	没有人造成一个原因 , 我很难找到这架架架架构超级的超级城市 , 没有一个古老的模块模块模块 。
you must have gone through a difficult time , trying to learn a foreign language and at the same time adapting to a totally different culture and environment .	你必须经过困难的时候 , 试图学习外语言和同时 , 同时也适应不同的文化和环境 。
a man hunted for a fox and finally lost himself in the forest . he walked around anxiously . at dark he met an old lady with white hair .	最后 , 一个男人在森林里 , 最终失去了他 。 他走过了一次 , 黑暗的时候 , 直到他遇到了一个白头发 。
the atoll—a ringshaped island enclosing a central lagoon—is part of the tuamotu archipelago , the largest chain of atolls on earth .	今天 , 阿拉拉拉拉斯的阿拉拉拉拉拉拉斯在地球上发出了一座中央的岛屿 , 这是一部分地球最大的一链 , 地球上最大的一链 。
pennaceous feathers cover the bodies of birds , and their tightly closed vanes create the aerodynamic surfaces of the wings and tail .	红色的羽毛覆盖着鸟类的身体 , 它们的身体紧密闭着葡萄酒 , 创造了翅膀和尾巴的陶瓷表面 。
it is often necessary to map one business object into another when coordinating between heterogeneous systems , or even as part of normal business logic .	通常需要在内部系统之间 , 即使是正常商务逻辑的一部分 , 即使是正常的商务逻辑的一部分 。
but , sometimes , that fatigue stems from low iron stores , particularly prevalent among women in their 20s and 30s , who don’t eat much meat .	然而 , 有时候 , 一些时候 , 来自低铁店 , 特别是在20岁和30岁的妇女中 , 特别是在他们的20岁和30岁的女性和30岁之间 , 那些不吃多少肉 。
the results showed the design was reasonable and the motion was reliable . the property of chain which was assembly by those hardened chain pins achieved high level in the world .	研究结果表明 , 设计可靠 , 运动是可靠的 , 由于这些混合链链链链链接的性能 , 得到了全球高水平的高水平 。
in order to relieve the habitat pressure of coastal birds , it is necessary to build waterfowl ponds at the edge of the core zone .	为了解海岸鸟的习惯压力 , 为了解海岸鸟的危害压力 , 建造水下的水下的水水水水池 , 建立了核心区的边缘 。
infoq: it seems that your wish regarding the video codecs is getting closer to happen as google announced they are dropping h . 264 .	在fofoq:它似乎是 , 您的愿意识到这个视频编码的祝贺是否会在谷歌上宣布他们正在下降h.264 。
madonna , cherie blair and the beckhams have all moved to silence nannies who threatened to lift the apron on their domestic lives .	马德纳 , 切里·布朗和贝克汉姆都已经搬到了全部移动到了他们的国内生活中 。
equipped with a night vfr avionics suite from either dynon or garmin , getting out and back to your secret destination will also be much easier .	晚上 , 晚上的vfrvrvrvrvrvrvrvrvrvrvrvrvrvrvrvrvrvrvrvrvrvrvrvrvrvrvrvrvrvrvrvrvrvrvrvrvrvrvr
the bars and cafes that ring the plaza have filled it with tables . families stop here after their evening stroll , or paseo , for a glass of wine .	黑色和咖啡在这里 , 带来了一片黑色的葡萄酒 , 还有一杯葡萄酒 , 还有一杯葡萄酒 , 还有一杯酒吧 。
according to chen xi , a senior consultant at zhaopin . com , companies discard staff who cannot generate profit in economic slumps .	根据陈晓 , 一个高级顾问 , 公司发现 , 公司不能产生经济滑坡的利润 。
“our offer does not require approval from the eu , ” said ruban yogarajah , a spokesman for bhp , the world’s biggest mining company .	" 现在不要求欧洲 , " 俄罗比亚说 , " 俄罗比亚 , 世界最大的矿业公司的发言人 , 世界最大的矿业公司 。 "
stockmarket indices , soaring house prices and low inflation surely did more to feed bankers’ and borrowers’ exaggerated sense of wellbeing .	股市股市指标 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 房产价格和低水平 , 保持银行和浏览商的销售 , 借助银行的销售和借贷者的销售 。
the practice indicated that conditional knowledge is the important foundation for career development of teacher , play an unreplaceable part in teacher's routine work .	实践表明 , 条件知识是教师开发的重要基础 , 是教师的工作中不可解释的一部分 。
as well as beating all other sportswomen , the 20yearold finished ahead of the likes of charlize theron , natalie portman and salma hayek .	同时 , 除了所有的运动物 , 20岁的20岁的20岁的20岁的20岁的20岁的球员完成了挑战 , 像纳米葡萄牙、纳米利葡萄牙、海军和海军海军和海军星期间的一样 。
to ensure that we got meaningful results , we also verified that the grid index is actually exploited for this query as explained in a later section .	为了确保我们有意义的结果 , 还证明 , 格兰指数实际上是为了解决这个问题的问题 , 实际上 , 实际上 , 这个问题的确实是在解释的 。
for instance , in the short term market peaked , many people point to petty profits , the stock has clearly powei would also like to defend or even to cover positions !	例如 , 在短期的市场中 , 很多人指向宠物利润 , 股票明显也会很清楚 , 甚至还会有可能会让人失望 , 甚至甚至还是覆盖贫困或甚至覆盖地位 !
investors seem to be somewhat undecided , with hisoft stock down 9 percent during regular monday trading but then rebounding 17 percent in after hours .	投资者似乎是有些投资者 , 投资者看起来 , 他的投资者在规则的普通货膨胀率下跌9% , 然后在每个月经过17% , 然后回升17% 。
note that arthur is not going in to work at the crack of dawn , as he has a conversation in the burrow with amos diggory , who has already been at work for some time .	注意 , 第四章并不会在大坝工作中工作 , 就像他有一样 , 与烟烟雾雾雾雾雾雾雾雾的谈判 , 已经在某些时间工作了 。
typical office hierarchies don't apply: managers like farrar , who oversee teams of hundreds of artists on big films , are rootless .	典型的办公室教练并不适用于:经理员们喜欢快速 , 谁总是希腊团队在大批电影中 , 数百名艺术家的艺术团队 。
from now , only the intelsat did the 16qam experiments in space communication , and their 16qam is made by conventional method , and its data rate is not high .	目前 , 只有在空间通信中只有16qam试验 , 只有在空间通信中 , 它们的16qam是由传统方法制成的 , 其数据率不高 。
laparoscopic hernia repair is a technique to fix tears in the abdominal wall using small incisions , telescopes and a patch .	拉帕科学家奥运会是一项技术 , 是一种用小型的墙、小型墙、电镜和支架的技术技术 。
neither had married nor had any living heirs and my father once told me that it was because they were both too stingy to share their family wealth or pass iton .	另外 , 没有结婚任何生活 , 父亲告诉我 , 父亲告诉我 , 因为他们都是因为他们都是喜欢分享他们的家庭财富或过去 。
to the tune of an electric russian dance theme , players fit falling polyominoes into one another to clear the board and achieve the most points .	为了选择俄罗斯舞蹈的基因 , 球员们在另一场比赛中 , 球员在另一场比赛中获得了最多的球员的球员 , 球员们的球员们的球员们将球员打球 。
a cree exclamation of awe , “yoho” applies perfectly to the park’s big peaks , expansive glaciers , and impressive waterfalls .	希腊解释说: " 您的 " 应用程序完全在公园的大峰、扩展玻璃和印象水表面上 。
his expression_r was truly comical and at that moment i did not know whether he was a preposterous old man pulling my leg or whether he was really a simpleton .	他的表达是真的 , 在那时候 , 我不知道他是否是个不知道他是个老老老人 , 或者他真是个简单的ton 。
the design schemes , which are good or not , influence the investment and period of construction directly , and determine the service and economic results after completation of construction .	设计方案的设计方案是不好的 , 影响建设的投资和期限 , 确定了建设的服务和经济效果 , 完成完成了建设后的服务和经济效果 。
the invention involves fluorine plastic liner manufacturing and application technology , particularly a fluorine plastic lining composite product and its manufacturing method .	本发明涉及荧光塑料制造和应用技术 , 特别是一种荧光塑料塑料制造方法和制造方法 。
objective: to evaluate the effects of plateletderived growth factorbb on the attachment and proliferation of periodontal ligament cells on different root surfaces .	目的:探讨塑料生长因子对不同根根表面的不同根根表面的生长因子的影响 , 探讨塑料生长因素的影响 。
pyongyang , the capital of the revolution , was spruced up and the socialist fairyland was unfolded everywhere to change the looks of the country tremendously .	黄阳 , 革命的资本 , 正在迅速发展 , 社会主义家家家家家家们都不能改变国家的观点 , 全面改变国家的观点 。
the clinkering process of the bariumcontaining sulphoaluminate cement clinker was studied by the means of high temperature microscope and xrd .	研究了高温微波和xrdrd的聚合过程的聚合过程 。
cisc processors generally feature variablelength instructions , multiple addressing formats , and contain only a small number of generalpurpose registers .	cisc过程通常具有特殊的长度结构 , 多个地址格式 , 包含一个小量的通常存储器 。
to be honest , much of it had little to do with the content of the class , as we were taught the same things that any university of michigan thermo 1 student would learn .	为了是诚实的 , 大多数人都很少与班级的内容 , 就像我们在同样的事实上 , 任何一样的小学都会学习 。
since china resumed the financial trust business in 1979 , the trust industry has experienced six major improvements and rectification .	自1979年以来 , 中国的金融企业自1979年以来 , 信任产业已经经历了六个主要改善和修改 。
objective:to observe the therapeutic efficacy of nebulized budesonide suspension plus albuterol and ipratropium bromide in childhood asthma .	目的:观察颈部支撑的治疗效果 , 探讨儿童哮喘的治疗效果及治疗效果 。
she added all bp errors identified by the southern utes and the federal government have been corrected and the majority of them had no impact on royalty payments .	她补充了所有bp错误 , 由于南部的南部 , 联邦政府正确认 , 联邦政府已经正确 , 大部分并没有对皇家付款的影响 。
after fleeing the marriage that her father tried to arrange , she found happiness in the netherlands but lost a close friend who was murdered by a muslim zealot .	结婚后 , 她的父亲试图把她的父亲试图放到安排 , 然而她发现幸福 , 却失去了一位穆斯林的朋友 。
through them perfectly visible unique mechanism bugatti , built on the principle of a skyscraper , although stories in it are only five .	经过它们完全可见的独特机制 , 建立在天空的原则上 , 尽管它只有五分之五 。
but the company generally doesn't give to charity ; it doesn't contribute to political campaigns ; it shouldn't be , ideally , doing any of those things .	然而 , 公司通常不会给慈善 , 没有贡献政治竞选政治竞选 , 应该是 , 理想 , 做任何事情 。
grandma billye , who is now 96 years old , loaned him $100 to start his first business , a fireworks stand he established in the 8th grade .	格兰玛·布莱斯现在96岁 , 位于他100美元开始他的第一家商业 , 一位火炬站在8年代 , 96岁 。
shantou city , lake food machinery factory is a professional production of automatic diecutting machine , fengguan machine , polishing machine business .	上totou市 , 湖湖市 , 机械厂是一家专业生产机械 , 香港机械 , 新型机械 , 邮政机械 。
liverpool manager rafael benitez has praised captain steven gerrard for raising his game against the background of rumours of problems with his marriage .	利物浦管理人员贝尔·贝尔·贝尔·贝尔·贝尔·贝尔·贝尔·贝尔·贝尔·贝尔·贝尔·贝尔·贝尔·贝尔·贝尔·贝尔·贝尔·贝尔·贝尔·贝尔·贝尔·贝尔·贝尔·贝尔·贝尔·贝尔斯特
the cui madam's viewpoint is quite comprehend , accurate still have some to resent curious li xing asks for for the sake of the peony so much bothersome .	德国马达姆的观点是非常复杂的 , 准确 , 依然仍然有些来代表的林肯的林肯 , 还有些要求和平相比 , 所以 , 两者都是很多人 。
this article introduces a design and practice of an enterprise distributing resource planning , illuminates the structure of the drp and implementing technology .	本文介绍了企业分配资源计划的设计和实践 , 阐述了下降和实现技术的设计和实践 。
renewed efforts are needed to increase support for the " three rurals " , namely the rural economy , rural development and rural demography (	再生努力需要增加 " 三农村 " 的支持 , 即农村经济 , 农村发展和农村民民民民民民民民民化 " 的支持 。
the effects of roundtrip optical length fluctuation , assumed to be an ergodic random process , on a fiberoptic ring resonator are analyzed in detail .	详细阐述了旋转光长度流动的影响 , 探讨了旋转光长度流动的影响 , 提出了一种对纤维环绕器的纤维环形光学理论进行了分析 。
this article uses a combination of probabilistic and nonprobabilistic methods to describe the uncertain factors that influence structural reliability analysis .	文章利用基于概念和非平衡理论方法 , 描述了影响结构可靠性分析的不确定因素 。
use hoil , hydrogen blocking silicone oil , hexamethyldisiloxane , d4 to synthesized the needed hydrogen silicone oil .	用热器 , 氢化石油 , 氧化硅油 , 氧化碳 , 合成了氢化硅石油的需要氢化硅油 。
objective to investigate the effects of total saponins of paeonia on trace elements and myocardial ultramicrostructure of dog with acute myocardial infarction .	目的探讨总皂苷对手术元素和心肌超声结构的影响 , 探讨了治疗急性心肌梗死的影响 。
aim to study on the alterations of t suppressor cell function in patients with ulcerative colitis and crohn's disease and their clinical significance .	目的探讨thn患者血清细胞功能及其临床意义的临床意义 。
we which return to together care for a tube , vernal equinox elder sister at ordinary times speak nobody too challenge don't listen to .	我们在一起回到一起 , 几乎都是安静的 , 平静的德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德斯德德德德德德德德斯的时候 , 我们还不听不到挑战 。
it served in the western and eastern front notably in the battle of normandy , operation " market garden " in holland , and the offensive in ardennes .	它在西方和西方的西方和东方的战斗中 , 运营 " 市场园林 " 园林 " 和 " 园林 " 、 " 园林 " 、 " 园林 " 、 " 园林 " 、 " 、 " 园林 " 、 " 园林 " 、 " 和 " 园林 "
the fifth chapter discusses the related problems of the capital city system of liao dynasty , including the relation between zuzhou city and liao shangjing ;	第五章探讨了林代城市的资本城市体系的相关问题 , 包括赵州城市与辽宁市之间的关系 ;
but president obama's budget director , peter orszag , says republicans are just wrong in their assertions about the president's tax proposals .	但奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统
force consequently requires solicitation from without: it works blindly: and on account of this defectiveness of form , the content is also limited and accidental .	因此 , 一旦要求不需要解决方案 , 要求不要解决方案:在此类缺陷的情况下 , 内容也是有限的 , 内容也是限制和事故的 。
she maintains her fashionista reputation by wearing tshirts sporting the avatar from her favorite game and by carrying her personalized avatar coffee mug .	她保持她的时代主义者 , 通过她最喜欢的游戏来自她最喜欢的游戏 , 通过她的个性化化的咖啡咖啡 。
in a book titled mindset: the new psychology of success , stanford psychologist carol dweck gives a name to what i’ve just described .	在一本书中 , 新心理学的新心理学家 , 斯坦福福福福福德心理学家卡尔德·维克斯特·戴克给我只是描述的名字 。
they claim that in order to become any more intelligent the human brain would need vast amounts of extra energy and oxygen – and we simply cannot provide it .	他们说 , 为了成为任何智力的大脑 , 人类脑会需要大量的能量和氧化能源 , 而且我们简单不能提供它 。
washington jan 22 regulators seized five u . s . banks on friday , driving up the tally in what is expected to be a busy year for bank failures .	华盛顿222日 , 华盛顿222次参议员 , 美国银行的银行上涨 , 在今天 , 为了预计银行失败的事实上 , 预计 , 美国银行的财产预期将成为银行失败 。
the international energy agency expects global oil demand to grow by just 400 , 000 barrels a day this year , to 86 . 5 million barrels a day .	国际能源机构预计全球石油需求只有400 , 000英里的今天 , 今天 , 今天 , 今天 , 到86万亿英里 。
tv news brands are also heavily visited by nonprint newspaper readers , underscoring the importance of sight , sound and motion to the digital news experience .	电视新闻牌也是由非印刷的报纸读者 , 认识了光、声音和移动到数字新闻经验的重要性 。
in morerecent public comments , mr . wen has pledged to maintain foreign business confidence in china and to meet more regularly with international executives .	中央公共评论中 , 魏先生已经推出了国外商务信心 , 与国际执行部门相关的规则 。
if the timer expires before data in the segment is acknowledged , tcp assumes that the segment has lost or being damaged , and a retransmission is sent .	如果在分段之前 , 时间扩展在数据之前 , 将会议的时间检索到或被损失或损失 , 还有一个重复的限制 。
because it returns a result with nominal nanosecond resolution , it's natural to think that it has the same accuracy and precision limitations as system . nanotime .	由于它返回了一项结果 , 纳米秒解决的结果 , 它是自然认为它具有同样的精度和精确性和精度限制的结果 。
as a result , threading a perfectly weighted through ball to your striker releases a feeling of achievement more potent than completing a quadratic equation .	因此 , 因此 , 通过球场的一个完美的重量 , 通过球场的球员发布了一场成就的成就 , 比完成一个队列方程更多的成绩方程 。
according to the company , it further expanded its production capacity and its combined annual production capacity reached 5 . 57 million tons in december 2008 .	根据公司 , 根据公司 , 进一步探讨其生产能力 , 共同年度生产能力 , 年轻生产能力达到5.57亿吨 。
the simulation indicates that the instrument greatly enhances the measurement accuracy for parameters of l , c and r , and gets better measuring effects .	仿真表明 , 实验结果显示 , 实现大提高了ll、cr、rr、rr、rr、rr、rr、r、rr、r、r、r、r、测量效果良好 。
to help the children enter society headon with a positive attitude , everybody is encouraged to help in social building activities within our own campus .	为帮助孩子们和一个积极的态度 , 每个人都是鼓励在社会建筑活动中帮助社会建设活动的帮助 。
the researchers also demonstrated they could split apart an entire community of cultured intestinal microbes and create a " personalized " library of bacterial species .	研究人员还展示 , 研究人员还可以通过整个文化中分开一个全面的文化微生物 , 创建一个 " 个性化 " 的 " 个性化化化化 " 文化专业 " 。
during rehabilitation a locked plate fixation construct still has to be protected from full weight bearing until signs of union are visible on the radiograph .	反复 , 在反复一个锁定板固定结构中 , 仍然必须保护完整的光束 , 直到联合签名的信号可见 。
blues also have fitness concerns over michael ballack , but essien moved to ease mourinho's problems by turning out for his country on tuesday .	蓝同样还有利于迈克尔·布莱克 , 可是 , 巴西还有利于今天 , 巴西还有利于迈克尔·布莱克·布莱克的问题 。
the attorney for the appealing party and the attorney for the party who won in the lower court file briefs , or written arguments , with the court of appeals .	参与党的历史资金和参与党的监督 , 为了在低法院文件简单、或写作论文 , 或是写作论文 , 以及申请法院的课程 。
the inability to demonstrate improvements whether or not they occur will undermine client motivation across the board and deny feedback for meaningfully evolving the process .	可证明改善的改善是否 , 或者不会在板板和密切的客户机运动时 , 否则 , 无论是否会使客户机运动是否会减少客户机运动 , 而且不会有意义的进程 。
the researchers found that handling physical money makes a person less sensitive to physical pain and reduces the distress of being excluded in social situations .	研究人员发现 , 处理物理资金的研究人员发现 , 处理物理疼痛 , 降低了社会状况的影响 。
by setting chills on the defect locations to isolate the molten iron in those areas from contact with the resin sand , the defects were successfully avoided .	通过设置在缺陷的缺陷地方 , 解决了这些地方的移动铁 , 因此 , 缺陷的缺陷被成功避免 。
she created a team culture and work atmosphere in compliance with the reality of zte's handsets , unity , contribution , hard work , smiling services and customer caring .	她创造了一个团队文化和工作氛围 , 与zte手工、不安、贡献、工作、工作、笑容服务、笑容服务和客户车 。
" we don't think things have changed from last week to this week , " schuchat stressed , explaining the importance of looking beyond those lab counts .	" 我们不认为 , 上周我们不认为东西已经改变了事情 , " chuchatatatstststingingingingingingingingingingingingingingingingingingingingingingingupupupupupupupupupupupupupupupupupupupupupupupupupupupupnononon
now that youth has ebbed and i am stranded on the bank , i can hear the deep music of all things , and the sky opens to me its heart of stars .	现在 , 今天 , 今天 , 我在银行上带来了 , 我可以听到所有事物的深刻音乐 , 天空开了我自己的心脏 。
it was a battle of attrition for saina against an opponent to whom she had lost four times and won just once — that too way back in 2010 — previously .	这是一场严格的事情 , 为了在2010年的2010年前 , 阿森纳一次她失去了四次 , 还是一次 , 并且在2010年之前 , 这是一次的事情 。
“i’d been wanting to have a child for a really long time , but i wasn’t trying , just put it like that , ” madonna says . “it was one of those weird surprises .	" 我想要有一个孩子 , 但我不要尝试它 , " 马逊纳纳说 , " 是那些三分之一 。 "
through the multilevel organic matrix mesh in the bone particles , it indicates that the mineral phase is related to the organic matrix in corallium elatius .	通过多层有机矩阵 , 表明 , 矿物相相相关 , 矿物相位与矿物相相相关 , 矿物相相关的有机矩阵 。
results 32 patients have false positive results , including 11 with autonomic imbalance , 9 with hypertension , 6 with diabetes and 6 with other disease .	结果32例32例患者自动化疗效良好 , 包括1111例自动化疗、9例高血压、6例 , 6例 , 6例糖尿病和66例 。
another tale , never proven , was that papanoida's interest in eekway was strictly familial , and that the senator had blood ties to the enigmatic baron .	另一个任务 , 没有证明 , 巴巴比亚的利益在希腊的希诺诺纳纳的利益很严格 , 这个名字已经有血液转移到了巨大的黑猩猩 。
according to the improvement results , then some feasible ways for ineffective dmus are put forth , which provides a reference base of making decision and scientific management .	根据改进结果 , 然后根据改进结果 , 提出了一种可行的方法 , 提出了一种可行的方法 , 提出了一种可行的方法 。
the same effect happened with google maps . when the company trimmed the 120kb page size down by about 30 percent , the company started getting about 30 percent more map requests .	同样的效果与谷歌map的同样 , 当公司试图通过对120kb页面的120kb页面的同样 , 公司开始获得了30% , 公司开始获得了30%的最大要求 。
later , zhen yini also persuaded the guardian , to get girls , with sincerity and sincerity to impress her , and not to fiddle with the application of non .	后来 , 浙江也承认了指南人 , 获得女孩 , 与女孩有关 , 同时也不能抑郁她 , 并且不要用不起 。
this method even allows you to modify the authentication rules on the fly , because all pamaware programs start applying the new rules without the need for any changes in their code .	这个方法甚至允许您在飞机上运行的内容规则 , 因为所有pamamaware程序开始应用新规则 , 没有任何代码的任何改变规则 。
but i sat silent in my hill , the barbarians still came in their thousands , and there were few who dared to wield excalibur , knowing that they would surely die .	但是我在我的山里 , 巴比亚人仍然在他们的数千上 , 还有几个人都在那里 , 还有几个人都在那里 , 大家都在那里看到了 。
so threequarterlength sleeves in tops and cardigans are a wonderful way to conceal the fuller upper arm and upper body , but also bare some skin at same time .	因此 , 三个长度的顶顶顶顶部和碳组织是一个很好的方法 , 使得整个臂和身体 , 同时也会有些皮肤 。
after the introduction of some related concepts , the application of workflow technology in integrated business support system of guangdong telecom was focused on .	介绍了某些相关概念之后 , 重点介绍了广东电子电子电子电子商务支持系统的应用 。
although tom was aware that it would be to display annoyance publicly at the sales conference , he could not his irritation with the client's unreasonable demands .	尽管汤姆在销售会上 , 尽管汤姆是否认识到 , 但他不能与客户不合理的需求不合理 。
this was an excellent opportunity for the opposition papers , which immediately attacked the governor for what they called his illegal interference and his brutality .	这是一个很好的机会 , 直接攻击了他所谓的 " 非法 " 和他的破坏性 " 的机会 " 的机会 " 的机会 , 这是一个很好的机会 。
looking for transiting extrasolar planets is analogous to pallé and colleagues' technique — using the moon as a mirror to watch earth transit the sun .	寻找翻译超级的植物 , 是为了寻找超级的植物 , 教师们的技术 , 用月球来看地球转移太阳的镜子 。
the flames filled this building ; it was a perfect furnace ; the door was burned , the floor was burned , the wooden christ was not burned .	火焰填充了这个建筑 , 是一个完美的燃烧炉 , 门被烧毁 , 门门被烧毁 , 门子被烧毁了 , 木林肯基督徒不被烧毁了 。
individual members of fecdb frequently answer this call to arms and participate in statewide petition drives to put various propositions on the ballot .	个人成员通常回答这个叫做武器 , 参与国家农场的农场和参与国家农民的农场 , 参与各种建议 。
more importantly , how can you accurately assess you are iterating down the right path for your product and company success , and not simply digging further in a rat hole ?	更重要的是 , 如何准确地评估您的产品和公司成功 , 公司成功的权利 , 不仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅在一小时的小时 ?
public speaking has fringe benefits too . it is a confidence booster and empowers the speaker if he successfully gets his audience agree with him .	如果他成功地获得自己的观点 , 公共讲话已经有利于 , 这是一个信心的博士和雇佣者 , 如果他成功地获得他的观众同意 。
nowhere is this more relevant than in the fastmoving world of it , where your work speaks for itself and ivy league letters after your name are no match for your hacking abilities .	现在 , 这个地方比在最快的世界上更有关 , 你的工作讲话 , 你们的工作讲话 , 为自己的名字写信后 , 你们的名字并不会对你们的习惯不匹配 。
that said , there is a lot of story that is still being explored and left to explore . to diminish that story to only being about arthas and the lich king is a bit shortsighted .	说 , 虽然有很多故事 , 还有很多故事 , 还有很多故事 , 只有关于阿拉斯和利亚王的故事 。
socialist market economic system has been gradually set up , the higher education system is under reform , knowledgebased economic age is coming , and education service is open...	社会主义市场经济体制逐步建立 , 高等教育体系的高等教育体系 , 知识的改革 , 知识基于经济的发展 , 教育服务是开放的 , 教育服务是开放的 。
indeed , the threats that the lnc is already issuing should give the international community doubts about its readiness to lead in democratic government .	事实上 , lnc的威胁已经是为了让国际社区的 , 应该给国际社区公共共共共共和国际社区共同共和党领导民主党政府的努力 。
nowadays , the policy of mandate construction supervision has been widely accepted by the society following the obvious achievements it made in the past years .	目前 , 经营建设监督的政策已经被社会接受到了明显的成就 , 在过去几年以来 , 经营建设监督的政策已经广泛接受了 。
most mainlanders who suffer from depression do not get proper treatment due to a lack of psychiatrists and public prejudice , mental health professionals said .	大多数主要的国家人员认为 , 大多数来自于抑郁症的表达并没有得到专业处理 , 由于心理学和公共学习和公共卫生专业人员和公共卫生保健专业人员 , 心理健康专业人员表示 。
the interactive multimodels method was also discussed , which is implemented of the uniform and " currently " accelerated motion model for the maneuvering target modeling .	讨论了互动多model方法 , 同时还讨论了 " 目前 " 的 " 接触多模式 " 和 " 目前 " 的 " 接触多模式模型 。
method: the teaching of moist burn medicine includes medical knowledge , diagnosis , medical skills , review course and assessment and test .	方法:回顾性和评估方法 , 包括医学知识、诊断、诊断、诊断、医疗技能、医疗技能、评估和测试 。
it has been a growing concern in the printing industry that if can we use densitometry to measure and control spot color ink or not when considering printing process control .	在印刷工业中 , 如果我们可以使用密度测量和控制速度 , 或者不会考虑印刷过程的印刷工艺 。
in the yangcheng sanbao 500kv ehv transmission lines , a fixed series capacitorwas used to increase the power energy transmitted through the lines .	在阳台500kvvvvvv传输线中 , 一个固定的系列连接器用来增加电源传输能源传输能源传输 。
the lusitania and the titanic are often thought of as sister vessels ; they in fact belonged to two separate owners , but the error is understandable .	卢西亚和塔尼亚经常认为 , 斯坦尼亚和塔塔尼亚人经常认为 , 事实上 , 他们属于两个分离自己 , 但错误是可理解的 。
but the current h1n1 pandemic flu has really made this very evident so far , people have passed the flu virus on to pigs , turkeys and ferrets .	然而 , 目前h1n1的h1n1型流体的h1n1型流动物流程真的确实使得这个非常明显 , 人们已经通过荧光病毒、皮肤病毒、皮肤病毒、皮肤和脂肪的病毒 。
the anglers fishing with myself were competing with glanville's anglers for the most fish in a day record , trying to beat the 28 fish from the previous day .	老板鱼在一天里 , 与女拉维尔·莱尔·莱尔·莱尔·莱尔在一天 , 试图从前一天来 , 试图从前一天的28个鱼进行比赛 。
bill gates sr . , 83 years old , is now cochair of his son's $30 billion philanthropy , the bill &melinda gates foundation .	比尔盖茨.sr.83岁 , 现在 , 他的儿子的儿子的儿子们的儿子们还是30亿美元 , 巴西和meldadadada基金会的基金会 。
and it's not just developers . as the blurb to tim o'reilly's opening remarks suggests , tim mentions the importance of users to open source .	这并不仅是开发者 , 作为burburburb , 作为blurb的开放项目 , 建议 , 建议用户对用户开放源的重要意义 。
beijing still grieving the deaths of tens of thousands , china has sketched the first blueprints for rebuilding after last week's earthquake .	北京仍然增长了死亡 , 中国仍然在上周末建造第一款蓝色的地震之后 , 北京仍然增长了死亡的死亡 。
in this paper , a new method combining target transformation factor analysis and spectral library searching was developed for qualitative analysis of mixture from ir da ta .	本文建立了一种新的目标转换因素和光谱图书馆搜索方法 , 建立了一种新的目标转换因素 。
the reason is that a knowledge base with sound structure and complete content directly influences the inference speed and the validity of result in expert systems .	原因是 , 具有知识基础和完整的内容 , 直接影响了专家系统的参考速度和效果 。
the experimental results showed that the liquefaction extent enhanced with the increase of liquefaction temperature , catalyst dosage , and liquidsolid ratio .	实验结果表明 , 液相反应对比随着液相反应温度、催化剂、催化剂、催化剂、催化剂、催化剂和液相比的提高 。
at first , research the nature of the ice in the songhua river water system , the resistance performance of the icebreaker , and then , study the propulsion performance of icebreaker .	首先 , 首先 , 研究了南京河水系统的冰水性能、冰川水系统的耐久性能 , 探讨了冰川水系统的扩展性能 。
strapped city , state , and federal technology departments have been some of the organizations most enchanted by the quick turnarounds the cloud promises .	美国和联邦技术部门已成为一项组织的组织 , 大多数在云的云的云中 , 都是一项组织的 。
it was the kind of card that comes in an inexpensive assortment box sold by a child going doortodoor to try to earn money for a school project .	这是一辆孩子上学校的一辆汽车车车车车 , 来自一个孩子上门的车辆 , 要试图为学校赚钱赚钱 。
much less whey drains out of yogurt made from certain strains of lactic acid bacteria that can convert sugars into long starchlike molecules .	大多少的是 , 为什么从某些层次酸酸酸酸酸活性的物质制成的物质 , 可以将糖糖转化成长期的淀粉分子 。
during the planned economy period , a set of production areas and residential units as a whole community , which is built to meet the need of country construction .	在计划经济期间 , 一组生产区域和居住单位 , 建立了全国经济建设的需要 。
the american plan also meets stern's other prescriptions for an effective green stimulus a concentration on building efficiency and renewable energy .	美国计划还会遇到西方的其他预防措施 , 为了对建筑效率和可再复能源的建设有效的建设有效的建筑效率和建筑效率和可重新能源的影响 。
in japan , lu hsun is the most notable chinese writer whose work 'hometown' is referred to as the required textbook among the japanese students .	在日本 , 卢ssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
it simply discusses the features of agile methodology , and compares it with traditionary software developing methods , introduces a few agile methodologies mo .	简单讨论了数字方法的特点 , 比较了传统的软件开发方法的特点 , 介绍了几个数字方法模式 。
the hardening treatment , relief of symptoms in patients with the recent rate of 100% , cysts significantly reduced or disappeared .	最近100%的临床治疗 , 随着患者的临床疗效 , 临床疗效显著降低或失败 。
the operation of system is simple , quick and stabilization , and its maintenance is convenient , interface is friendly , it is helpful for its popularizations and applications .	系统的操作简单 , 快速、快速、快速、快速、稳定和稳定 , 接口是适合的 , 接口是友好的 , 对于其人口化和应用程序的帮助 。
" u . s . academics and intelligence analysts have consistently underestimated the rate of chinese progress both economically and technologically , " he said .	他说: " 美国学术学术和智能分析师们认为 , 中国进步的进步和中国进步的进步进步比例都有一定的理解 , " 他说 。
alpha thalassaemia , an inherited condition , is common in many areas of the world where malaria is endemic , particularly africa and southeast asia .	阿尔菲亚亚亚萨萨萨斯亚 , 另一条条条件 , 是世界上许多地区 , 尤其是非洲和东南亚 。
objective to introduce the classification about ct signs of primary brainstem injury and investigate it's value in the diagnosis and prognosis .	目的探讨ct信号的分类 , 探讨其诊断和预后的诊断价值 , 探讨其在诊断和诊断中的应用价值 。
simulation and experiment on the piezoceramic actuator show that the proposed model to describe the behavior of piezoceramic actuator is effective .	仿真和实验 , 通过仿真和实验 , 阐述了pzococeramamerereramererereramererereramerererereramererereramererererererererereral活动器的行为效果 。
austenite phase is dominant in gtaw joint microstructure and the lowtemperature impact toughness of gtaw joint is better than that of smaw joint .	普通的相位是gtawin加入微结构的优点 , 较低的温度对gtawwwwwwwin加入的影响比gtawwwwin加入的增强度更好 。
don't center your life around children and grandchildren . do look for your own social circles . this way , you won't be disappointed with too many expectations .	不要在孩子们的生活中心 , 孩子和爷爷们的孩子们 , 看着自己的社会循环 , 这样的方法 , 你不会有很多预期 。
the amount of the portion of the effective hedging shall be confirmed in accordance with the absolute amounts of the following items whichever is lower .	根据有效心理的机会 , 应当确定有效的热量 , 应该有效的热量 , 然而 , 应该有效的热量较低 。
the government information resources access and publicity is an important measure to build and strengthen the egovernment and serviceoriented government .	政府信息资源资源访问和公共资源是建设和增强政府的重大措施 , 加强政府和服务服务政府的重要措施 。
the cloths of service, to do service in the holy place, the holy garments for aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office .	服务的衣服 , 为了在家里做 , 服务的衣服 , 服务的衣服 , 以及他儿子的衣服 , 要在祭司的办公室里 。
the influence factors on surface curing time of silicone rubber release agent vulcanized at room temperature were analyzed by experiments .	通过实验 , 分析了硅橡胶橡胶的影响因素 , 分析了硅橡胶橡胶的影响因素 。
methods: data about biological feedback therapy and nursing care in 30 cases with pelvic floor functional constipation were reviewed and analyzed .	方法:回顾:对30例心理功能的生物反馈和护理试验的数据进行分析和分析 。
according to the law of attraction , a powerful intent made up of clear , pure and focused thoughts will start to attract the very essence of your desires .	根据吸引法的法律 , 根据吸引的法律 , 强大的内容 , 纯粹和注意思想的思想 , 将开始吸引你的精神 。
to reconstruct the 3dimensioanal image of heart and the region of myocardial ischemia from 2dimensioanal tomogram of electron beam ct .	为了建立心脏图像的3维生化图像和心脏图像的3维生素图像的3维生素图像 , 从2维生素化学区域的心脏化学区域 。
tone down the loop count on the previous example , add set x to the beginning of the script as well as a comment , and execute it , as shown in listing 12 .	为了在前面的例子上 , 加入xs , 还添加了xxs , 然后执行它 , 如清单12所示 , 如清单12 。
this study was undertaken to use a foodfrequency instrument for dietary caffeine consumption to evaluate the relationship between caffeine intake and liver fibrosis .	本研究对餐饮饮食品消费者消费与肝纤维素和肝纤维化的关系进行理解 , 探讨了食品频率建设 。
application integration brings together multiple applications and information sources without the user directly invoking them ; it focuses on the relationship between applications and data .	应用程序集成带来了一起的多个应用程序和信息源 , 直接投入用户直接投入它们 , 重点关注应用程序与数据之间的关系 。
and the countries seen as most vulnerable to climate change are all poor: they include somalia , burundi , niger , eritrea , afghanistan and chad .	国家看起来 , 大多数民族都可以看到 , 气候变化都是很好的:它们包括太平洋 , 包括苏格兰、尼亚、尼日利亚、阿富汗、阿富汗、阿富汗、阿富汗和章 。
global banking profits are now approaching their 2007 precrisis peak , but the divergence between growing and stagnant markets is becoming increasingly stark .	全球银行利润已经在2007年开展了他们的2007年前 , 但在增长和稳定市场之间的差异越来越大 。
in addition , fda can initiate a mandatory recall if the agency determines that an adulterated or misbranded infant formula presents a risk to human health .	此外 , fda可以适合一个管理理论回忆 , 如果一般的确定 , 或者混合剂或混合剂 , 使人类健康有风险 。
danton was a headstrong firebrand , a swashbuckling political showman with a prodigious memory , whose spectacular oratory held audiences in thrall .	黑龙是一个强烈的火灾 , 一个令人震惊的政治显示 , 与一位严重的记忆 , 是一位严重的记忆 , 却是一位严峻的记忆 。
international popular style interface , many commercial software are used , is the beginning of an incredible 14 years since a young foreign hands .	国际人口类型接口 , 许多商业软件已使用 , 是从年轻的外手开始的一个年轻人口14年来开始 。
the parenteral hyperalimentation therapy is a safe and effective method for severe ulcerative colitis patients , and it can improve the histology of patients .	父母高化疗法是一种安全的安全和有效的方法 , 提高患者的临床理论 , 改善患者的临床理论 。
the line's clean forms are associated with high quality technical solutions for water control , from taps to mixers , from diverters to shower heads and spouts .	线线的清洁形式与高质量的技术解决方案相关 , 从硬件控制器中显示头和螺旋 。
the data structure in jpeg2000 compressed domain is firstly analyzed . the concept of information tree and a novel treedistance measurement are then proposed .	首先分析了jpeg2000压缩域的数据结构结构 , 首先分析了信息树的概念 , 然后提出了一种新型的抗抗抗抗抗抗抗抗抗抗抗力测量的概念 。
although pain , i would effort perfect my life , will not be ungrateful to you of love , will not be ungrateful to you with i play 10 year play hideandseek of with patience .	尽管痛苦 , 我会努力完善我的生活 , 不能让你爱 , 就不愿你们 , 愿意与你们一起玩10年的玩耍 。
chateau la ragotiereshining pearl of the french garden , running by wellknown aristocracy generations of the three brothers goile at nantes .	第一章 , 拉圭拉戈在法国园的花园里 , 经过了三个兄弟们的三个兄弟们的一代 , 三个兄弟们跑步 。
how to construct implementation and management system of course design is the premise and ensurance of carrying out course design systematically and training comprehensive applicative talents .	如何建设和管理系统 , 是如何建设和管理系统的实现和管理体系 , 是实施工程设计系统的预防和保障和保障 , 培训复杂的实施和管理体系 。
albanese will now lead a charm offensive to try to win round individual institutions and secure the simple majority necessary to approve the deal .	基因现在 , 基因仍然会导致一个挑战 , 努力尝试赢得个人机构 , 保证简单的大多数主要必要的需求 。
in a speech at a police college , zuma conceded that south africa had one of the highest murder rates in the world , with 18 , 000 killings last year .	在一位警察大学的讲话中 , 赵大学说 , 南非人在世界上 , 全球最高的非洲人数之一 , 去年18 , 000人杀死 。
thailand's police found over 920 , 000 amphetamine tablets on board the boats , plying between china's yunnan province and the thai port .	泰海岛警察发现 , 920 , 000毫米的电视台上 , 中国的云南省和泰海港之间的警察 。
sending troops to central africa to meddle in an utterly murky conflict is a symptom that the interventionist addiction is growing worse .	发送军队将军队送到中非 , 将军队的中非 , 将军队的军队冲突中 , 是一场军队的症状 。
the testing results proved that the qh4 saving energy coasting device has a remarkable fuel—saving effect to any model of motor vehicles and at any road condition .	测试结果证明 , qh4拯救能源装置具有可靠的燃料燃料 , 使运动车辆和任何道路条件有效 。
that approach to the clivus is slightly oblique , but can provide as wide an exposure as is achieved with the approaches involving a bilateral maxillotomy .	这个方法在clivus的应用程序很慢 , 但可以提供广泛的解决措施 , 如此 , 可以与cliv的方法完成一个双边的maxx框架 。
the three realized that man was the key to victory in the war against heaven , and thus altered their rigid agendum that they had propagated since the beginning .	三人认识到 , 是战争的关键胜利 , 因此 , 因此 , 这个男人在战争中被迫使他们的风险趋势 , 因此 , 因此 , 男人在战争开始 。
cubic's simulation systems division , based in orlando , produces and manufactures est 2000 , including its realistic and robust simulated weapons .	俱乐部的模拟系统分配 , 基于岛屿、制造和制造和制造 , 包括其实际和屋顶模拟武器 。
the basic thought of floor arrangement , influencing factors and basic arrangement method are proposed to bring regulation for floor structure arrangement .	提出了流场的基本思想、影响因素、影响因素和基本分离方法 , 提出了对流层结构的规律 。
the scale of the economic crisis is far larger and many more americans recognise that rootandbranch reforms rather than temporary repairs are required .	经济危机的范围远越来越大 , 很多美国人认识到 , 根据巴基斯坦改革的改革比当代修改更高 。
the government will not only make the " pie " of social wealth bigger by developing the economy , but also distribute it on the basis of a rational income distribution system .	政府不仅仅仅仅仅仅使 " 社会财富 " 的 " , 而且也不仅将其分配在理性收入体系的基础上 , 依据理性收入体系的理性收入体系的基础上 。
the refreshing time of asparagus reached 1824 days after treatment of two pressurization at the pressure of 250mpa with the operation time of 15min .	除了在治疗250-5分钟之后 , 分别达到18824天后 , 分别重新时间 。
it's a solid little slab with a similarlooking plastic front and rubberized texture as the $79 nontouch model , but with fewer buttons .	这是一个固有的小小小的小小小块 , 同样的塑料前面的塑料前面和橡胶纺织物 , 作为790美元的纺织物模型 , 但随着几乎几乎 。
because our team needed users to connect to a database and set up multiple jboss containers , we used panels to prompt users for sitespecific information .	由于我们的团队需要通过数据库连接到数据库 , 建立多个jplejbos包含器 , 我们使用页面包含器 , 用户用户使用panel来对网站特定的信息进行尝试 。
“on first glance , these interactions of light and particles looks like magic , ” she says . “these polar molecules are the pinnacle of quantum optics . ”	" 第一次 , 这些照明与粒子的互动 , " 她说 , " 她说 , " 很可能的分子是光学的光学 。 "
this wicked king , claudius , was going to capitalize on the grief and anger of laertes for the death of his father and sister to destroy hamlet .	这个黑王 , 黑人 , 愿意在父亲和妹妹妹们的父亲和妹妹妹们的死亡中 , 要求他们的父亲和愤怒 。
conclusion we could found the circumferential margin infiltration by observing pathologic large slice objectively and exactly . it should be a routine examination after operation .	结论 , 结论我们可以在观察病理大幅度和临床检查后发现 , 应该是一种路由性检查 。
there were no casualties on the ground , a salt marsh , when the exploded remnants of the jet fell some distance away from the neifu airport in puchengcounty .	在地面上 , 石油马上 , 石油炸毁了jetet的爆炸剂 , 除了喷雾机场外 , 除了喷雾机场的爆炸剂量外 , 除了喷雾机场的爆炸 。
china has gone through similar experience of the ldcs in fighting poverty and pursuing development , and we fully appreciate the hardship and difficulties they face .	中国经历了相似的经验 , 通过同样的经验 , 推动贫穷和追求发展的发展 , 使我们充分欣赏他们面临的艰难和艰难和困难 。
the format of the data to be exchanged between client and service is defined in terms of the xml the xml schema for the online coffee service is shown in listing 1 .	对于xmllll的xml模式的数据来说 , 数据的格式与客户端之间的格式是在清单1中定义的xml模式的xml模式 。
second question , it is reported that some us media accused chinese hackers of hacking into pentagon's network and compromising information about us fighter jets .	第二个问题 , 报告说 , 美国媒体媒体报道 , 有些媒体媒体访问中国黑客的黑客攻击 , 进而完成对我们的网络进行编译和编译信息 。
the average south african , for example , definitely shouldn tbe paleskinned only 9 . 2 per cent of the population define themselves as white .	例如 , 非洲的平均南非 , 例如 , 除此 , 尽管不应该是9.2%的人口只有9.2%的人口确定自己的白色 。
except for sea buckthorn fruit is rich in protein , fat and carbohydrates , there are a variety of essential vitamins and minerals .	除了海震果实 , 脂肪和碳酸酯 , 具有各种潜在维生素和矿物 。
employee job satisfaction can be explained respectively the company turnover intention , job performance with the variability of 49 . 38% , 58 . 46% .	雇员工工作满意满意 , 可以解释公司转向注意、工作绩效 , 与49.38%、58.46% , 58.46% 。
owen paid tribute to a performance in which the youngster scored , hit the post and forced an outstanding save from roberto abbondanzieri with an audacious lob .	青少年人试图在那个年轻的性能下 , 把后面 , 把后面和罗伯伯伯伯伯伯伯伯伯伯伯特阿拉伯利亚和阿拉伯特·阿拉伯利亚和阿拉伯特·阿拉伯利亚比利亚和阿拉伯特·阿拉伯特·阿拉伯特的
civilianized journalism appeared in the early 20th century and grew in the 1920's . the impulse is the changes on the systems of politics and economy .	民事化记者在1920世纪早期出现 , 公民化记者在1920世纪初 , 是政治和经济的变化的改变 。
methods by means of bicolour fluorescence and flow cytometry analysis , the results were compared during different layout time , hemolysis time and washing time .	方法采用生物荧光法和流体周期分析 , 比较了不同层次、血液时间、血液时间和洗涤时间和洗涤时间的结果 。
fate has conspired to rob us of two world class goalkeepers , our inspirational leader jt , inform winger arjen robben and influential midfielder joe cole .	海军已经考虑到罗勃两个世界级目标 , 我们的投资领导人jtt , 信息wjjbenbjbenbjbenenen和影响中场的中场人员 。
it is widely used in car audio and video , tac machine , intelligent meter , solar power , electric car , electric power tool and military applications etc .	它广泛应用于汽车和视频、任务机、智能机、智能电力机、电力汽车、电力工具、电力工具等 。
jamie wilson , of simplyhealth , said: " committing just half an hour a month to helping someone else can make a real difference to your life as well as theirs。	杰米·沃尔森说 , 简单的健康 , " 只有半个小时才能帮助某个小时帮助自己能使自己的生活和他们的生活有真正差异 。 "
given our duty to safeguard public health , the tendency of officials facing such a situation is nearly always to err on the side of caution .	给我们的责任安全公共健康 , 官员面临这样的情况下 , 这种情况仍然是近期的 。
china has worked for more agreement among the emerging markets and developing countries on the reforms to increase the representation for developing countries in the ifi's .	中国已经为了更多的协议 , 为了提高市场和开发国家在改革的改革 , 增加发展国家的代表 , 中国已经为了更多的协议 。
发言的参议员有萨姆 . 纳恩、约翰 . 格伦、恰克 . 罗伯、乔 . 利伯曼、约翰 . 布鲁、杰伊 . 洛克菲勒和艾尔 . 戈尔。	爱尔蒂芬·贝尔先生说: " 安德森 " 先生 , 安德森 " 先生 , 安德森 " 先生 。
that could be because doctors are more nervous about the effects if flu on pregnant women and are more likely to admit them , but the death rate among pregnant women is high .	医生可能是因为医生更为神经的 , 如果孕妇对孕妇女的影响 , 但是 , 医生们的死亡率越高 , 女性的死亡率越高 。
funny once , my friend . ) some jokes count on jadedness in order to be funny , just as many arty films only appeal to a jaded audience .	一旦 , 我的朋友一起 , ) 一些工作人员 , 为了在耶和华的工作人员 , 只有很多人只有很多人 , 只有很多人只有很多的电影 , 只有很多人只能看起来 。
more resistance was encountered when we sought to install the 6th warden first as professor of physics at stockholm university , then as rector .	此外 , 更多的抗抗抗抗抗抗抗抗性是 , 为了安装6战争首先在石油大学的物理学教授 , 然后再次重新登记 。
i know that its best to be safe verses sorry , but i don't think that there has been one single case in history , where a bomb threat was called in and a bomb went off .	我知道它最好的是安全的 , 但我不认为 , 历史上最好的病例 , 在历史上 , 炸弹威胁被称为 " 炸弹 " 和炸弹 " 炸弹 " 。
this could mean different things for different members of the spy ring , says mikhail lyubimov , a retired colonel of the kgb and a renowned cold war spy .	这意味着 , 不同的成员 , 迈克哈尔·贝尔说 , 这意味着在kggggb和一个红色的冷冷战空间的事情 , 这意味着不同的事情 。
they also found almost no difference between methods in male and female workers , suggesting that careerdriven women were just as “competitive” during salary negotiations .	他们还发现 , 男性和女性工作人员之间的几乎没有差异 , 建议 , 医生们的女性女性只是 " 竞争性 " 的 " 竞争 " 。
ita software definitely has “the right connections in north america , ” daniello says , while “we [amadeus] have ours in europe and asia . ”	大利软件决定是 " 北美 " 的正确连接 " , " 丹尼尔说 , " 我们在欧洲和亚洲有我们的欧洲和亚洲的 " 正确连接 " 。 "
natural calamities , such as floods , tropical cyclones , tornadoes and tidal bores occur here almost every year — with tragic results .	自然陶瓷陶瓷 , 如洪水 , 热带循环 , 游戏和老板在这里 , 几乎每年都有贸易结果 。
soap <> cobol nonxml transformations can be developed with ibm websphere transformation extender to perform the message mapping within the gateway’s processing policy .	因此 , 使用ibspwebspwebspher改革扩展 , 实现了soap>----------->----->---------->-------->------------------>
these morphological changes were few in the group 2 . conclusion: hbo combined with nimodipine and music had great restorative effect on hyperirritability icvd .	这些形态改变在2组中 , 结论:hbo与nbobo联合的相结合 , 音乐与音乐的音乐效果较大 。
combined with the practical exploration approaching , the stability of surrounding rock is computed using the earthquake wave achieved prom he cite .	结合实践探索方法 , 通过地震波波波实现了地震波浪的稳定性 , 实现了基于实践探索方法的实践探索方法 , 计算了环境岩的稳定性 。
while there are many practical and political difficulties of afforestation of regions this large , the benefits could be enormous and go well beyond carbon sequestration .	尽管有很多实践和政治困难 , 但这大地区的利益可能是很多实践和政治困难 。
for example , some new: the introduction of modern " science " and " democracy " etc , the meaning from the traditional chinese , is completely different words .	例如 , 有些新闻:现代的 " 科学 " 和 " 民主 " 等等等等等等 , 传统中国的意义完全不同 。
drive gear , made use of alloy steel forging , lubricating oil pump spray , extend gear life and ensure longterm printing chromatic precision .	驱动目标 , 采用合金钢制作 , 润滑油泵喷雾 , 扩展齿轮寿命 , 保证长期印刷机械精度 。
the famous picture of " riverside scene at qingming festival " will also make its appearance in the china pavilion to illustrate the charms of ancient chinese cities .	中国古代中国古代城市的著名的 " 风景 " 的著名照片 " 同时也会使其在中国古代民族城 " 展现出它的现象 。
in the enjoying , the conquest of this knowledge is renewed every time it is exercised , the power it yields always being directed toward its jouissance .	在享受享受 , 这个知识的要求每次都得到了每次 , 权力总是直接推动它的工作 。
it is unchristian to believe that an end can justify the means . even the kingdom of god is not a good enough end to justify any means that causes harm to people .	这是非基督徒 , 相信结束的意义 , 即使上帝的王国不够够 , 甚至上帝的王国的意思是不够的 。
a study is carried out on a hypersonic inlet with rectangulartocircular shape transition and forebody using numerical simulation and high enthalpy wind tunnel test .	研究以上 , 采用数值模拟和高精度风隧道试验 , 探讨了一项超声声声声响应器的超声声声声声声学研究 。
result both mutanolysin and lysozyme could successfully lyse the wall of bifidobacterium and extract the plasmid from bifidobacterium .	结果 , 两种多糖蛋白和氨基化合物可以成功地成功地实现bifid细菌的墙壁 , 提取bif-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-
aim: to study the efficacy and safety of entacapone as an adjunct to levodopa treatment in parkinsonian patients with wearingoff motor fluctuations .	目的:探讨老师的疗效和安全性 , 为了对帕基森森森纳患者心脏病患者的疗效和安全性 。
the idea is proposed that the flow characteristic of electronic expansion valve should adapt to superheat gain to refrigerant flow rate under different evaporation temperature .	建议 , 提出了电子扩展阀的流量特征 , 应该适用于超热阀的超温度下降温度下的流体流量 , 应该适应电子扩展阀的流量特征 。
11 and solomon gave hiram twenty thousand cors of wheat as food for his household , in addition to twenty thousand baths , of pressed olive oil .	1111年 , 索洛蒙已经给出了一千名男孩 , 为他的房子吃了食物 , 除了两千个浴缸 , 还有几千个小孩 。
li decided to sponsor a number of disadvantaged pupils in gansu under the euchina basic education project running in the province since 2001 .	林林决定在2001年以来 , 由于2001年以来 , 由于西班牙基本教育项目运行的数量 。
objective to evaluate the clinical efficacy and toxicity of cef as the neoadjuvant chemotherapy regimen in the treatment of locally advanced breast cancer .	目的探讨当地抗肿瘤治疗的临床疗效和毒性 , 探讨其临床疗效及临床疗效及临床疗效 。
to strengthen the organization and coordination , strengthen the service consciousness , and further intensify promote the development of medicine industry strength .	加强组织组织和协调 , 加强服务意识的服务意识 , 进一步提高医药业的发展 , 提高医学业的发展 。
the jets were viewable in the animated segment one on either side of an indiantricolour symbol to celebrate the 70 years of the country's independence .	耶稣在动物中看到了一种印度工业象征服的一面 , 为了庆祝了70年的国家独立独立独立的独立性 。
automobile , big and small freight vehicle , box vehicle , sightseeing bus , no matter is the private car or the company vehicle may shanghai loan .	自动汽车 , 大量的汽车 , 汽车 , 汽车 , 汽车 , 汽车 , 无论是汽车或公司的汽车辆 , 汽车也许是上海的车辆 。
in addition to physical changes to the touchscreen , the technology of the touchscreen also ushered in a new wave of software interaction on mobile devices .	此外 , 除了对机器的物理改变 , 工程技术的技术也在机械设备上使用了一种新的软件接触软件接触软件接触器的新波段 。
crepes suzette with mixed fruit , choice toppig blueberry sauce , chocolate sauce , strawberry sauce , pineapple sauce , mango sauce .	与混合水果混合 , 选择了蓝莓盐 , 巧克盐 , 巧克盐 , 巧克力盐 , 紫莓盐 , 纯净盐、纯粹盐、盐、盐、盐等 。
however , the development of chinese silk industry is facing allround challenges including diversification of fibers , companies' competition in outside world and developing countries .	然而 , 中国银行业发展的发展是全面的挑战 , 包括纤维化、公司在外部和发展中国家的竞争 , 中国银行业发展的竞争力 。
they were quite different in chloroplast membrane structures , pigment protein complexes , the content of electron trans port components and photosynthetic functions .	它们在慢性膜结构中 , 管道蛋白质复杂 , 电子运输组件和照片合成功能的内容不同 。
to explore the safety of modified type tatvp3 fusion protein , and the efficacy of modified fusion protein type of tatvp3 to immune system .	为了探讨模拟类型的安全性 , 探讨了模拟类型的类型的tatvp3-fvp3的安全性 , 探讨了模拟的ftatvp3p3p系统的安全性 。
the effect of the significant parameters on the stability of the large diameter cylinder quay of the piled wall type is investigated through numerical calculation .	通过数值计算的数值计算 , 探讨了大型直径圆柱柱柱柱的影响 。
some of you may do nothing at all . believe it or not , there are millionaires and billionaires among us who masquerade as relatively normal , moneyconscious people .	有些你可能不会做什么 , 相信它 , 或者不相信它 , 还有数百万美元的鸟类中 , 大约有数百万万美元的鸟类 , 是相对正常的人 。
the former army colonel , who seized power of the sparsely populated country in 1969 at the tender age of 27 , had totally reshaped the country in his image .	在1969年27岁的27岁之前 , 前军事殖民的前军事殖民 , 曾经在他的图像中恢复了国家 。
steven gerrard today savoured liverpool's derby day victory and insisted the reds are relishing the challenge of winning the race for a top four place .	史蒂蒂芬·德森纳德国今天 , 利物浦的德森纳德里塔塔尔德里德里德里德里德里德里德里德·德里德里德德里德·德森纳德里德尔德尔德尔德德尔德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德
some methods of preventing contamination in the largescale cell culture were introduced including people training , enviromental control , aseptic technique and material management .	介绍了大规模细胞培养的某些方法 , 包括人培训、环境控制、静态技术和材料管理的方法 。
the left yi doesn't know for the cilia and dragged this hazardous topic , this isn't good , ask for an personality with brutal variety of to come out miserably .	左眼不知道 , 为了这个危险的顶端 , 这是不好的 , 请问个性各样来说 , 就不能错过 。
liverpool are on the verge of singing esbjerg youngster nikolaj kohlert on a threeyear deal , according to reports in his native denmark .	据报道 , 利物浦正在在唱歌歌歌歌唱歌歌歌唱歌歌歌歌手乔治·卡扎菲在三年的三年的三年级死亡 , 据他的报道 , 利物浦在一起报道 。
sand street south 18th french credit agricole bank , the sand street south 60 , the anglican communion is neoclassical works .	沙街街18年 , 法国信用农业银行 , 沙沙街60 , 江南通信网站是近年来的 。
college counsellors who work at the front line of ideological and political are the grassroots commanders and educators of the ideological and political work .	大学教育委员会员会员会员会在理想和政治工作之前工作 , 是理想和政治工作的草案和教育人员 。
ct current transformers are instrument transformers used in conjunction with ammeters , control circuits and protective relaying . they usually have 5 ampere secondaries .	目前电流变换器在连接、控制电路、保护电路、保护电路、保护电路、保护电路和保护电路通常有5倍 。
once fully dried , it is left to rest for some days , then in one step the skin , dried fruit flesh , parchment layer and all are torn from the green seed .	一旦完全驱动 , 离开了一天 , 然后在一步的皮肤、干燥水果、公寓层、公寓层和全部都是从绿色感染的 。
compared to ordinary noise correction methods , nonlinear fitting with a middle and later impulse response function is more advantageous when snr is relatively low .	比较普通噪声正确方法 , 非线性适合中间的非线性适应方法 , 后者对nrrrrrrrrrrrrrr相对较低时 , nrrrrrrrrrrrrr相对较好 。
introduce:xiaogu and mother give maternal father pay respects to sb at his tomb , xiaogu fell into bug hole suddenly in , before returning 10 years .	介绍:厦门和母亲给母亲送给母亲的父亲付出了他 , 小宝在他的墓上 , 小伙伴们在十年之前 , 在返回10年之前 , 回到了10年之前 。
a business process competency center can provide a central repository of information for addressing these needs — and hosting it in the cloud makes it easily accessible .	业务过程复杂中心可以提供一个中心存储信息的信息 , 希望它在云中可以很容易访问 。
the results in surface temperature distribution of a reduced scale model from the above calculation com pared with that from experimental measurement are relatively identical .	结果在表面温度分布的结果中 , 由于实验测量的实验测试结果的表面温度分布 , 与实验测试结果相对一致 。
wollastonite as polymer filler is considered as an important direction to the utilization of wollastonite , which reduces the polymer product cost and improves product performance .	木材作为聚合物填充器的一个重要方向 , 降低了聚合物生产成本和改善产品成本的生产成本和改善产品的生产成本和改善产品的生产成本和生产性能 。
in october of two thousand eight , michael pollan wrote a letter to presidentelect barack obama which was published in the new york times magazine .	在10月10月2日 , 迈克尔·波尔·波尔·波尔·波尔·波尔·波尔·波尔·波尔·波特在纽约时代发表了一封信件信件 。
" connecting people , quality first " is our tenet , jinze people will be creating continuously to make copetitive products and we invite you passionally to set up the future resplendence .	" 连接人民 , 质量第一 " 是我们的十字 , 金融人民将继续创建合合力产品 , 邀请你在未来的代表上设立未来的解释 。
the results show that: the corundum refractory possesses the best erosionresisting characteristic in the pellet kiln , so it is the most suitable to be applied as lining in this kiln .	结果表明:圆柱反射器具有最好的环境性能 , 因此它是该kiln的最适宜的 , 因此它是在此基础上应用的最适合的 。
to admission the wto , brings opportunity and gauntlet for our country market , credit has become bottleneck of restricting the development of socialism market economy .	为了承认wto , 带来了我国市场的机会 , 信贷已经成为我国市场经济发展的瓶颈 。
during the standoff , six american warships surrounded the seized vessel to ensure the weapons were not taken elsewhere in the volatile region .	星期间 , 六个美国战争周围 , 确保武器的武器不能在战斗区的战争中进行战斗 , 保证武器的武器不能在战斗地区 。
hybrid characters obviously show maternal heterosis , fruit setting date , fruit size and color if hybrid population all tend to follow the femal parent .	桥梁特征明显显显显显显显显显显显显显显显显显显示 , 水果尺寸、水果尺寸、水果尺寸、水果尺寸和颜色等 。
but even if weighing costs against benefits does not entirely answer the question of what should be done about climate change , it is an essential part of the answer .	不过 , 即使如果我们重新推广成本 , 还是不完全对气候变化的问题 , 应该做什么问题的问题 , 这是答案的一个重要部分 。
the utility model has novel structure , and is tough and durable , as well as is in particular applicable for the repairmen of various surcharged truck tyres .	本实用新型的新型具有较好的结构 , 并且在特别的适用于各种ursurururururururururursckrererestytytytytys的应用 。
hailing from the large western region of lithuania known as samogitia , these axemen are amongst the heaviest infantry units available to lithuanian armies .	林南亚最大的西部地区 , 这些xem在西部的西部地区的西部地区的西部地区 , 被称为圣巴利亚 , 这些xemem是在最高的抗战争中 , 直到林南亚的军队之一 。
analyses the antifriction and noisereducing mechanism of the model , furthermore , it shows the direction and significance of this new concept's study in the fut...	分析了新概念研究的优化和噪声机理 , 进一步分析了该概念的方向和意义 。
the left cervical incision was perfoimed for cervical esophageal carcinoma and partial cervicosternotomy was performed for lesion in the upper thoracic segment .	左ctctctcinoma和部分calcalcalcalcalcalcalcalcicicima的左ctctcicima和部分calcalcalcalcalcalcalctcimanoma在上层次执行的位置中执行 。
slowerthanexpected growth has fueled speculation the federal reserve could launch another round of bond buying to try to drive longterm borrowing costs lower .	慢慢增长速度预计 , 联邦储备可以在购买长期购买另一轮债券购买长期债务成本下降 。
soil moisture content and its dynamics on road embankment and cutting slope at fixed points were investigated on shaanxi—inner mongolia desert expressway .	研究了土壤动态内容及其动态内容及其动力学内容 , 探讨了固定点固定点固定点的土壤动态内容 , 探讨了石墨西亚的土壤动力学含量 。
the american association of university professors says sixtyeight percent of all teacher appointments at american colleges today are adjuncts .	美国大学大学专业人员表示 , 美国大学教师们在美国大学大学教师中 , 美国大学教师的协会中 , 美国大学教师协会的协会上 , 今天 , 美国大学教师协会的协会有六十分之一 。
the intelligent electricmagnetic flowmeter , integrating the sensor , converter and integrator onto it , and displaying on the spot , is introduced in the paper .	介绍了智能电磁流器、集成传感器、转换器和集成电子磁流器的智能电流流器 , 介绍了电磁流的智能流量、集成器、集成器和集成参数 。
the tribute in light represents the lost twin towers from the world trade center . it displays just one of many memorials to the 9/11 attacks five years ago .	照片中 , 光明代表了全球贸易中心的大楼 , 显示 , 9/11攻击中心的很多记忆在9/1攻击中心之一 。
we should not entrust important jobs to persons who have made grave mistakes and whose attitude remains bad ; they should be deprived of their current ranks and perquisites .	我们不应该真实的工作 , 为那些制造的错误 , 那些抗肿瘤仍然坏坏了 , 应该是他们的目前的银行和平衡 。
objective to investigate the effect and mechanisms of tumor suppressor gene pten on the induction of anoikis of human bladder transitional carcinoma cells biu87 .	目的探讨肿瘤供应器的疗效和机制 , 探讨人类黑色体外皮细胞生物细胞凋亡的影响及机制 。
its capital was bodoni , and its leader was general pica . the guardian " s phones rang all day as readers sought more information about the idyllic holiday spot . "	它的资本是博士 , 它的领导人总是一般 , 标准的 " 手机 " 的电话 " 每天 , 所有读者都认为 , 所以 , 所以它的资本更多 。 "
qcg series conventional canned motor pipeline mounted pumps are used to handle clean water or other liquids similar to water in physical and chemical properties .	qcg系列的传统运动管道运动泵用于处理清洁水或其他液相似于物理和化学性能 。
unconventional agents such as the agent causing bovine spongiform encephalopathy , is associated with variant creutzfeldtjakob disease in humans .	非常规剂量 , 例如在人类中产生的原因 , 由于人类的生理疗法相关 , 与各种切割性疾病相关 , 与人类有关的疾病相关 。
by introducing a reducedorder observer to reconstruct the state of the exosystem , the problem of physically realizable of the ootc law can thus be solved .	通过介绍了一种减少了减少者观察器 , 建立了ootc法的物理实现问题 , 使得ootc法的物理实现出可靠的问题 。
an approach is proposed to discretize continuous intervalvalued attributes in rough set theory . the approach is characterized by emphasizing classseparability in discretization .	提出了一种方法 , 提出了一种基于粗糙集理论的连续有效的方法 , 建立了一种方法 , 提出了一种在讨论基础上的方法 。
the air defence systems on display at airshow china in november showed a strong emphasis on deployable , multifunctional weapons with the export market firmly in mind .	航空防御系统在今年1月 , 中国航空航空系统中显示了一个强烈的航空系统 , 多功能武器与外界市场的开发 , 多功能武器的武器 。
rabies patient should protect processing in the quiet environment court eunuch , may use the tranquilizer to reduce patient's spasm , paralysis and the ache .	兔子病人应该保护安静环境课程的保护 , 可能使用车辆 , 可以减少患者的速度 , 减少患者的速度、papasis和achechecheche 。
however , should nilmar arrive as a replacement , wolfsburg may be willing to lower their price slightly and loosen their grip , allowing the rossoneri to pounce .	然而 , 应该是一种代表的代表 , 女性burg可能会降低他们的价格 , 降低他们的价格 , 减少他们的增长 , 允许罗斯斯斯斯坦人在贫穷中 。
an adaptive control strategy for parallel hybrid electric vehicles is proposed based on drive cycle recognition with the balance of battery soc as objective .	提出了一种基于驱动循环识别的自适应控制策略 。
as the situation of trust research's multidisciplinary interaction and omnibearingly advancing , it is imperative to check its philosophic dimensionality .	由于信任研究的多个单元互动和现代互动的情况 , 确定了信任研究的多层互动和现代互动的情况 , 正在检查其哲学的哲学方向 。
the longterm studies by hossain and his colleagues suggest that dams have particularly altered extreme precipitation patterns in arid or semiarid areas .	长期的研究表明 , 大坝的长期研究表明 , 大坝特别是在阿姆斯或半半岛地区的海啸或半海啸的海啸中 , 大坝的长期研究模式 。
since the end of the cold war , when washington sniffed soviet influence in its backyard , u . s . south american policy has slumped in importance .	自从冷战结束后 , 华盛顿警告的时候 , 华盛顿国家政策的时候 , 因此 , 美国南美政策已经在重要性上减少 。
the capture of two german agents in 1942 uncovered two such codes which british intelligence had repeatedly failed to crack , the declassified files reveal .	1942年 , 两个德国代表的未来 , 在1942年的两个德国代表中 , 英国智能科学的两个代码已经有相关失败了 , 这个解释的文件揭示了 。
a new stabilization additive was studied , it has good effect to improve the color change and sediments formation of fcc diesel fuel containing nonbasic nitrogen compounds .	研究了一种新的静态化合物 , 研究了一种具有较好的效果 , 进一步提高了燃料柴油含有非基本氮化合物 。
net income came in at $54 million , or 4 cents per share , down from net income of $151 million , or 11 cents , in 2007's third quarter .	网络收入在54亿美元 , 或4% , 股价下跌15亿美元 , 至2007年第三季 , 2007年第三季 , 2007年的第三季度下跌 , 下跌1.1% 。
it’s certainly helping out the alphabet’s second vowel , although as the english language’s most popular letter , it doesn’t really need it .	虽然英语大多数人口语言 , 但它也不需要 。
new york times chairman arthur sulzberger declined to comment in an wedensday on its involvement in the new device except to say , 'stay tuned . '	纽约时期主席詹姆斯伯特·斯伯特·阿森纳德在星期二 , 新设备的一项调查中 , 纽约时期的时候 , 纽约时期首席执行官长乔治·斯伯特·斯伯特·斯特·斯伯格纳德·斯特·斯特·斯特·斯特拉伯格森纳德拉德
the dynamic , vivid , personality about workflow becomes the urgent needs of the customer , with wfms application scope to extend and application realm to expand continuously .	动态学 , 个性关于工作流程 , 成为客户需要的目前需要 , 用wfm应用程序范围来扩展和应用程序实现扩展和应用程序实际上 。
minister of the fingers into a large source to the coil , and quickly plucked from the middle of some dirt around workers are using water washing the dirt on the various components .	工具部长在大量来源 , 迅速推动了从中间的工具中间的工具工具中 , 用水洗洗洗了各种组件的各种组件 。
mclennan , on the other hand , felt more in control and says she enjoyed aspects of her former job , especially the money and the opportunity to " party with rock stars . "	另一方面 , 麦克莱尼亚 , 还有更多的控制 , 感觉更多的控制 , 说她喜欢她的前工作 , 特别是金钱 , 特别是 " 与罗克克斯坦的机会 " 合作伙伴 " 。
since we spend forty or more hours at our jobs weekly , it is essential to your health and longevity that your place of work is as conducive to wellness as possible .	由于我们在我们的工作周末 , 还是更多的小时 , 还是我们的工作的健康和长期 , 你的工作都是很可能的 。
this is a redundant practice when using odbc , as the configuration is purely in initialization of the application , and the odbc functions are androgynous to the database system .	在使用odbc时 , 使用odbc , 作为应用程序的初始化 , odbc函数的初步实践是用ododbc函数的基本实践 。
the opposition leader had returned to pakistan after eight years in exile and had survived a suicide bomb blast during her arrival procession in karachi only months before .	反对领导人在7年以后 , 巴基斯坦人回到巴基斯坦 , 已经证明了她在克萨萨萨萨萨萨萨萨萨萨萨萨达的阿萨萨萨萨萨萨萨斯的阿拉比赛中 , 反对党领袖们的反对党领袖 。
next , they divided up the diabetics and gave half a placebo and treated half with extendedrelease niacin , a drug that raises hdl levels in the blood .	接下来 , 他们分开了半个地方 , 把半个地方分开了一半的茶叶 , 一个药物在血液中 。
well you could stretch it and say that an example of engineering to improve human health is getting them from one place to another , but that would be more of a stretch than i'm going to make .	好吧 , 你可以把它伸展 , 说 , 工程实例来改善人类健康的例子是从另一个地方来 , 但我会比我要做更多的 。
investors looked decidedly spooked on monday , with asian and european bourses down sharply and the dow tumbling 643 . 76 points , or more than 5% .	投资者在今天 , 澳大利亚和欧洲和欧洲的投资者认为 , 投资者在今天 , 投资者看起来决定下跌643.76点 , 或5% 。
here is a wiring diagram for the star configuration that i have found from the net . you are better to do this with great circumspection or it would be easily end up with a burned esc .	在这里 , 这里 , 我发现的标准配置方案是一个wwwwm的wwwwwwwwwwwwwwarm的目标 , 可以更好的 。
but the study of the buddhism thoughts from mou zongsan is less than others , especially the study of dacheng qixin lun's content and significance .	然而 , 佛教学思想的研究思想比其他人 , 尤其是上海秦岭的内容和意义的研究 。
more regulation of companies , encouraged by the sarbanesoxley act in the united states , and other measures designed to clean up the corporate act will be the spur .	越来越多的公司 , 由sarsbanenenesoxleysoxley的编码 , 以及其它措施设计了清除企业的行为将是空间的 。
you can embed media to better illustrate a topic , provide information about yourself to build your credibility , and collaborate with others to improve your knol over time .	你可以嵌入媒体 , 为了更好地推动一个主题 , 提供关于自己的信息建设你的信用性 , 同时与其他其他其他人同事提高你的刀具 。
this paper describes the idea of mvc2 , the innovation in filtering and xml , as well as the design and implementation of access control administration system based on mvc2 .	阐述了mvvc2的基于mvvvc2的概念 , 建立了mvvvvc2的基于mvvvvc2的基于mvvvc2的设计和实现 。
steele declared subsequently to cnn that limbaugh's comments were incendiary and ugly , prompting limbaugh to question steele's ability to lead the party .	史蒂利解释说 , 林比亚的评论是必要的 , 为了解决利比亚的问题 , 促进利比亚的利比利比亚对党的能力的努力 。
yet their summers more likely involve city recreation centers , steamy blacktop , or a splash in a public pool or a fire hydrant turned fountain .	然而 , 他们的夏天更可能涉及城市重新中心 , 史密斯·布莱克 , 或者在公共池或火灾中或火灾难中心或火灾难中心 。
using these for reference , china should complete present educational investment system , give priority to development of the basic education , strengthen educational institution etc so as...	利用这些参考 , 中国应完成教育投资体系 , 给出了基本教育、强化教育、强强化教育机构等基本教育体系的基本教育体系 。
north korea says it attacked the island , killing two soldiers and two civilians , because the south ignored its warning not to fire into disputed waters around the island .	朝鲜说 , 它攻击岛 , 杀了两名士兵 , 杀死了两名士兵和两名民众人 , 因为南韩的战争不能在岛上 , 战争不会战争的战争 , 因此 , 朝鲜的战争并非战争 。
implementation: capable of implementing creative ideas in an allround way based on the overall strategy , we can achieve the best result from user experience optimization .	实现:基于整个策略的实现 , 可以实现创造性思想 , 实现使用者经验优化的最好的结果 , 实现了用户经验优化的最佳结果 。
the composer kennosuke suemura also allegedly plagiarised warcraft ii in super robot wars w . however , there have been no reports of legal action being taken .	然而 , 成员肯诺克也同样在超级机器人战争中 , 超级机器人机器人警告 , 但没有报道法律行动的报告 。
as the strategic and leading industry of china , hitech industry attracts much fdi . gradually , fdi becomes the main power of promotion of hitech industry in china .	作为中国的战略和领导产业的战略和领导产业的战略和领导行业 , 逐渐成为我国的高级工业的发展力量 。
in the second quarter , aol said , its own members made up 36% of unique visitors to its network of websites , but generated 80% of page views .	第二季 , 阿斯特说 , 自己的成员在第二季 , 自己的成员们的成员在网站上获得了36%的访问者 , 网站网站网站的网络网络中产生了80%的页 。
but eventually we decide to skip it and return towards the barkhor . along the way we bump into fellow travellers anja and joep , who are also exploring the city .	但最终我们决定要求它 , 回到巴基斯坦 , 沿着我们的路径的路线上 , 直到我们的路上 , 走进了旅游者和工作 , 同时也是探索城市 。
changes california constitution to prohibit abortion for unemancipated minor until 48 hours after physician notifies minor's parent or legal guardian .	加州加州加利福尼亚认为 , 加州加州加利福尼亚宪法 , 直到48小时 , 直到48小时 , 至48小时 , 至48小时以后 , 医生的父母或法律保护人 。
the majority embryo of seeds aborted at earlier stage could develop to earlier globular embryo phase due to the abnormal endosperm nucleus division .	早期早期 , 大多数胚胎在早期 , 可以开发早期的全球胚胎胚胎的胚胎 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 大多数胚胎产生的胚胎 。
the fifth , the agribusiness managerial education should to teach the profession knowledge , to make the independent thinking and cultivate the habit of lifetime learning .	第五 , 企业经营管理教育应该教育专业知识 , 制作独立思想和培养生命学习习的习惯 。
empire: total war featured a brandnew engine which would become the foundation of our latest developments , and introduce fully 3d naval battles to the series for the first time .	帝国:总体战争 , 将成为我们最新发展的基础 , 介绍了全国第一次第一次的3d名名为战争战斗战斗战斗战争的基础 。
students will be able to use the knowledge and methods they will have learned in this course to search related materials and find answers when they encounter law problems in the future .	学生将能够使用知识和方法 , 它们将在这个课程搜索相关材料时找到相关材料 , 发现他们在未来的时候 , 学生将会有效利用知识和方法 。
conclusion it is satisfactory of lattice scarification under corneal epithelium to treat bullous keratopathy caused by physical and mechanical factors .	结论 , 采用物理和机械因子 , 采用物理和机械工艺制作了较为满意的影响 。
optimists shrug that politicians always talk populist claptrap during primaries and that mr obama has actually committed himself to very little .	最好的主义者们认为 , 政治家总是在普通人口的时候 , 奥巴马总是承认自己是很少的 。
the mode on wii carries the exact same design as it does elsewhere , less your hairstyle options which are for some reason limited to one color and three style choices .	该模式在wii-wi的设计中 , 同样的设计 , 同时它做的设计 , 比较您的头发类型的开发方案是有限于一个颜色和三种类型选择 。
the main view of this paper is: only when the laborers have legal collective bargaining right , and fully exercise this right , could they protect their own work rights and interests effectively ;	本论文的主要观点:仅当劳动者有法律收集权权利的时候 , 才能保护自己的工作权利和利 ;
at the same un summit , president obama offered strong rhetoric but little substance as he faces fierce domestic opposition to proposed carbon cuts .	同样 , 奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马提供了强烈的农药 , 但他面临国内军军队的政治反对 。
barack obama and hillary clinton went back and forth several times throughout their zigzag battle for the 2008 democratic nomination — sometimes via voice mail .	巴拉克奥巴马和希腊克林顿在2008年 , 巴拉克拉克奥巴马和希腊克林顿上赢得了几次 。
the interior advances a practice that is dedicated to wish fulfillment , material exploration and an unashamed reveal of exotic theatricality present in daytoday life .	内部先进的实践证明 , 希望完善 , 材料探索和未在今天的日 , 生命中 , 实践证明了一项实践 。
balanced input signal from any true balanced player will be handled all the way through in fully balanced till it reaches the balanced headphone output connector .	平衡输入信号 , 从任何真正的平衡球员将在全球平衡球平衡的球员中完全平衡 。
the area has become an " arena " where gathers world big powers and various politics . the united states recognizes that central asia is part of the us global strategy .	地区已经成为一个 " 游戏 " , 世界大力和各大政治 " 的领域 , 美国已经认识到 , 美国是全球全球战略的一部分 。
the person most commonly associated with aop is gregor kiczales , currently at the university of british columbia , where he works on software modularity research .	最常见的是 , 欧洲最常见的协会 , 目前在英国哥伦比亚大学的英国哥伦比亚大学的英国大学 , 他在这里工作在软件模式研究中工作 。
types of help might entail thorough job training on the job , direction , transportation , or other support enabling that individual to retain his or her employment .	类型有助于帮助帮助 , 尽管工作 , 直接训练 , 直接运输 , 运输 , 或者其他支持个人支持自己或她的员工 。
there was a scene whereby su jin finally went to the house she lived with yong min and finally packed up all her things and dropped the keys into the mail box .	最后 , 在那里 , 苏林终于走到房子里 , 最后 , 最终把她的事情和她所有的事情 , 最终把钥匙放在邮件箱里 。
the finite element method is used to analyze the influence of external circumstances on effect of deicing or snow melting system by electrically conductive concrete .	用有限元法对外循环的影响 , 分析了外部循环的有限元素的有限元素的影响 , 探讨了电力连接系统的影响 。
bp managers say they frequently hear that 'potus has ordered' such and such , 'potus' being washington shorthand for 'president of the united states . '	bp管理师说 , 它们通常听到 , 「 」 为了听到 , 这样的 " 波特 " 的是华盛顿 " 华盛顿 " 的 " 华盛顿店 " 的 " 华盛顿店 " 。
g2 united states recognizes the presence of international agencies , foreign governments and other representatives of staff and their immediate family members .	g2单位美国认识国际机构的存在 , 外国政府和外国政府的外国政府和其它代表人员 , 以及他们的国际机构的家庭成员 。
in particular , the relevant import declaration form as signed and issued by the customs shall be submitted for the payment for any purchase of foreign exchange .	特别 , 特别是 , 由客户机关的相关机遇形式 , 应当通过客户机制定付款 , 为外交交交易提供任何购买的支付 。
the analyzing method in this paper is based on the classical theory of plates and shells and the twomoment limitedinteraction yield condition was used as the yield criterion for materials .	基于平板理论的分析方法 , 提出了一种基于平板理论的分析方法 , 分析了两种有限的有限的反应条件 , 作为材料的产率批评方法 。
yi xiaozhun said that china maintained good economic and trade relations with malaysia and singapore . the three countries are important trade partners of each other .	杨晓晓晓山说 , 中国保持良好的经济和贸易关系 , 与新加坡相关 , 三个国家都是各国贸易合作的重要贸易合作伙伴 。
for the occasion , this month's column provides a more indepth description of ibm support assistant in general , including the latest features .	对于注意 , 这个月的列表提供了更多的描述ibm支持者的ibm支持者 , 包括最新的特点 。
the analysis result shows: 1 favorable cap rock conditions can retard coalbed methane scattering and indirectly restrain methane desorbing ;	分析结果表明:11个可靠的capck岩条件 , 可靠的capi岩条件 , 可直接对煤岩岩岩岩的形成和直接提取物的意义 ;
pictures taken yesterday shows dozens of pupils jogging and playing badminton inside jiakai sports hall , which is equipped with an airpurifying system .	昨天 , 图片在昨天 , 图片展示了图片 , 展示了图片 , 展示了图片在杰吉尼亚运动厅内的演奏和演奏 。
fig . 5 illustrates an example of a pulse width generator with two alternate delay paths , according to another embodiment of the present invention .	根据本发明的另一次发明的发明 , 五证明了一个puldwdth线程的例子 。
jinbao street is an avenue created after the destruction of a swathe of alleyways and traditional courtyard housing just east of the wangfujing shopping district .	金宝街是一家七大楼之后 , 建立了一家合同的铁路 , 传统的法院 , 只是王家店东部的东北京市东部 。
last week , france's national assembly voted to return the mummified heads of 16 maoris from various museums back to their homeland in new zealand .	上个星期 , 法国的国家成员们在新西兰 , 今年 , 法国人民族成员将军队回到了16名穆斯坦的16名穆斯林 。
china is in favor of setting up a peacebuilding commission to coordinate more effectively un efforts in peacekeeping , postconflict rehabilitation and development .	中国在建立一个平台建筑委员会中 , 建立了一套平台建筑委员会 , 更有效地结合和平的建筑 , 直到在平和平和平和发展的努力 。
in this paper to discuss labor relations , labor law that is subject to adjustment of labor relations , should be a specific , narrow sense of labor relations .	本文讨论了劳动关系的劳动关系 , 劳动法律是对劳动关系进行调整 , 应该是一个特定的 , 劳动关系的特殊、纳米感觉 。
“if japanese engineers did it , they would create a japanese product , ” explains hitoshi otsuki , who heads panasonic’s overseas operations .	" 如果日本工程师做了 , 他们将创建一个日本产品 , " 解释道 。 "
anthocyanins provide the dark colours of many fruits and vegetables , such as blueberries and red peppers . they are what makes black rice 'black' .	安东尼亚林提供了许多水果和蔬菜 , 例如蓝莓和红莓和红椒 , 它们是黑色的 " 黑色 " 的 " 黑色 " 。
'most earthquakerelated casualties result from collapsing walls , flying glass , and falling objects , ' says the fema web site .	女性网站表示 , " 几乎地震性能来自武器墙 , 飞行玻璃 , 飞行玻璃 , 倒塌对象 , " 女性网站说 , 女性网站说 。
west of the great dividing range the landscape consists mostly of plains and plateaus ; the macdonnell ranges near the country's center are an exception .	西部大规模的西部分布了大规模的景观 , 大部分是平台和平台 , 马克隆隆隆隆隆隆隆隆隆在全国的中心是一个扩展的例外 。
a the press of a button , a microcomputer lock all other floors'chute doors and sets the recyclingcontainer turning until the right box comes under the chute .	一个按钮的压力 , 微型计算机锁定所有的门户 , 设置了恢复的内容 , 直到右键盒下的右键盒子 。
the drought was serious for early rice from early pi to maturity under dry year type , and its strength and duration surpassed that of normal year type .	早些时候 , 干旱很严重 , 早期以来 , 早期以来 , 早期以来 , 早期以来 , 干燥 , 使其强度和减少了正常的风格 。
the grand hotels has the honor to meet with mr . ajoy k misra , senior vice president , sales & marketing of taj hotels resorts and palaces .	希腊酒店拥有香港 , 与jojojojojojojojojojojojojojojojojojojojojoykymisamsamsamsamsamsamsamsams公司的酒店、高级酒店、高级酒店、销售商店销售
united is pleased to announce it has reached an agreement with partizan belgrade and the players for zoran tosic and adem ljajic to join the club .	联合国正在宣布 , 与党人相关的协议 , 参与党人比赛和党人比赛 , 同时 , 参加党的比赛和党的比赛 。
when i go across the developing countries and ask myself what is the largest single explanation for the huge diversity of economic performance , it falls in this territory .	当我在开发国家时 , 问自己是最大的一样的 , 要求自己在发展中最大的经济性能的单一解释 , 对于这个变化的大量经济性能来说 , 这会失败了这种变化的国家 。
although a number of projects outerjacketing frame for storeyadding have been accomplished presently , there is little research on design methods for this kind of frame .	尽管目前 , 尽管有很多项目的项目投影框架已成功完成 , 但对于这种框架的设计方法来说 , 还有很少的研究方法 。
plan 1 is that heating in winter and cooling in summer is realized by gas direct fired lithium bromide absorbent type cool heaters using natural gas for fuel .	计划1是冬季和冷却在夏天 , 通过气候直接的气候桥梁桥梁吸收型型型气体 , 使用自然气体气体气体的自然气体 , 实现了在冬季和冷冷却 。
the body position i end up in – with the tennis ball trapped in between my racket and the fence – is very similar to what your contact point will be when you actually serve .	身体位置我结束了 , 在我的兔子之间 , 身体位置的时候 , 身体位置很与你的接触点相似 。
l929 cells were cocultured with the porous chitosan membranes and biocompatible observation was performed with scanning electron microscope .	l929细胞被合成l929细胞 , 通过扫描电子显微镜的电子微观察 , 得到了较好的成员和生物可行性观察 。
the spirit of new asia college meant different signification by different period , but qian mu's noble ambition of developing chinese culture was always incarnated in it .	新亚洲大学的精神是不同时期不同的意义 , 然而 , 秦安先生在发展文化的不可能成员 , 总是在其中 。
ceramides are a type of lipid found in cell membranes , and they also serve as signals in the body's stress response , summers explained .	cerams是一个类型的lipid组件 , 它们也在身体应力响应的应力响应中 , 夏天解释了 。
microsoft corp . , for example , has built up its cash levels to $60 . 9 billion , including equity and others investments as of march .	例如 , 微软公司 , 例如 , 例如 , 已经建立了它的现金水平为60.9亿美元 , 包括平等和其他投资的投资 。
the official jobless rate , which garners the bulk of attention from politicians and the public , was reported on friday to have risen to 9 . 7 percent in august .	据报道 , 官员工作率的官员工作率 , 加纳纳纳纳纳纳纳纳纳纳在政治家和公共共共事务上报道 , 今天 , 今天在8月9.7%的收益率上升到9.7% 。
methods preoperative fine needle aspiration biopsy findings were compared with the final pathologic diagnosis of the surgically resected specimen in 241 cases .	方法对241例 , 241例临床诊断的临床疗效进行预后手术手术的手术手术需求生物进行比较 。
when cave , as a kind of natural geomorphologic landscape , is developed and utilized by human being as a kind of tourism resource , we call it tourism cave .	当时 , 作为一种自然地理地理景观的自然地理景观 , 是由人类的旅游资源 , 我们称为旅游资源 , 成为旅游资源的旅游资源 。
angle: it turned green because the soda water contains alkali . things like soda water which can turn the juice into green , are called alkaline matters .	角色:它变成绿色 , 因此 , 苏达水含水含有碱性 , 就像苏联的水 , 这样的东西可以转化到绿色 , 叫做碱性的物质 。
with the development of dance with accompaniment as well as opening of society , permanent theatres came into existence in tang dynasty and perfomances became more frequent .	随着随着日期的发展 , 和社会开放 , 经历了唐代和永久的战争 , 在唐代和永久的战争中 , 战争中 , 使得更加频繁 。
the vehicle frame is the footboard type structure , which is comfortable and convenient in riding and can obviously reduce the labor intensity of riders .	车辆框架是足板类型的架构 , 具有较好的、适应、适应、适应、易于减少风险的劳动强度 。
and peng changes food to be caused easily full bilge feeling , the influence dines normally , meet what cloggy body pledges to nurture absorb .	肺变化食物会导致全面感觉 , 影响糖尿病正常 , 会晤博客体体体体积极吸收物吸收物的影响 。
he fled from wenzhou to the united states on september 21 , leaving 1 . 5 billion yuan in debt owed to both chinese banks and individual creditors .	他从温州到温州 , 到达21月21月21日 , 离开了1.5亿元的中国银行和个人信用者的1.5亿元 。
the seismology research centre says the earthquake measured 3 . 8 on the richter scale with an epicenter about 80 kilometers southwest of sydney .	海洋学研究中心说 , 地震震检测了3.8 , 随着丰富的风险扫描中心的80公里 , 80公里的海洋学研究中心 , 地震学研究中心的研究中心 。
when the drone finally pulls away , his barbed penis andabdominal tissues are ripped from his body . he dies shortly thereafter — what abuzz kill .	最后 , 最后 , 他的药物最终推动了 , 他的药物的时候 , 他的药物最终从身体里 , 他的身体中死了什么样子 。
the " metalframed composite hoses " are extensively used in industries such as petroleum , chemistry , pharmacy , foodstuff , storage and transportation .	" 金属框架 " 具有广泛应用于石油、化学、化学、食物学、存储和运输 。
the phrase requiring the programmingtools word set shall be appended to the label of standard programs that require the system to provide the programmingtools word set .	phrase要求程序字符应该适用于标准字符的标准程序的标准程序的标准程序的标准程序的标准程序 。
this course asks fundamental questions like why is the electric charge in nature quantized ? and why can't we find an isolated magnetic north or south pole ?	这个课程问基本问题 , 如何要求基本问题 , 是为什么是自然化的电荷吗 ?
a dead turtle floats on a pool of oil from the deepwater horizon spill in barataria bay off the coast of louisiana monday , june , 7 , 2010 .	2010年6月7日 , 6月7日 , 今天 , 一个深水的油藏在巴拉特拉特拉拉特拉拉特拉拉特拉拉特拉拉特拉拉特拉拉拉斯的油层上 。
conclusion the level of leukocyte cd18 and mpo increases and the leukocyte count decreases during reperfusion injury of rat island flaps .	结论 , 叶基酸钠cd18和mpo的水平提高 , 叶基蛋白蛋白蛋白质损伤的降低 , 降低了大鼠胰岛素损伤的损失 。
france is expected to pledge 150 gendarmes to head an afghan police training mission , with a further 150 coming from mainly mediterranean countries .	法国预计 , 法国预计将在150年内 , 达到150年来 , 加拿大阿富汗警察委员会 , 随着一次从主要中西班牙国家的150年来 , 进一步从维持中海军军军军队队伍军队伍军队的训练 。
we hold that the implementation of omc is a realistic choice of eu , though not enough to help eu to achieve health care integration in the end for its own weaknesses .	我们希望 , omc是一个真实的选择 , 尽管没有足够的帮助欧洲实现健康保健体体系 , 尽管没有足够的选择 。
this article consists of five chapters: chapter one and two introduce the basic information of vor , including the source , definition , basic theory and value .	第五章包括:第一章 , 第一章包括源、定义、基本理论、基本理论和价值的基本信息 。
but the sun is on our backs . with limited time to wander , why trail down to the grotto when we can see it , all mystery preserved , from the ramparts of the basilica ?	但是 , 太阳在我们的背景上有限 , 为什么我们可以看到它时 , 为什么我们可以看到它 , 神秘的预防 , 从基本的基础上 , 是否有限的呢 ?
during 10 years since rgs come into being , it has bred about 10 high yield , high quality rice varieties , brought hugely contribution to jilin province .	经过10年以来 , 由于rg来到了 , 大约有10个高产率 , 高质量风险 , 高质量风险 , 大量贡献于金属蛋白质的贡献 。
check classified ads , both in print and online , to see what's available and what the going rate is in a particular neighborhood . get the earliest edition you can .	检查分类指标 , 两个印刷和网络 , 要看到 , 可以看到的是一个特别的邻居中 , 还是最早的版本 , 最早的版本 。
in a unique aviation experiment recently , the 170seat boeing 727 was made to crash in a controlled manner in a remote part of mexico's sonoran desert .	最近 , 在一个独特的审查实验中 , 最近170年的1727270人被制作在墨西哥西哥南部部部部部部部部部部部部部部部部部部部部部部部部部部部部部部的一项控制人员 。
i tell jurors at the very beginning of a trial that the freedom we usually have to jump to conclusions in everyday life is , for the purpose of this trial , now suspended .	我告诉司官们在一次试验开始 , 自由我们通常必须在每天的生活中判断 , 为了这个试验 , 为了这个试验 , 如今 , 如今 , 这个试验的目标 。
this indeed is the one that i inscribe here as a balance to what is involved in meaning , it is the locus of that which , through the parlêtre , is designated in conscience as power .	事实上 , 我描述了我在这里的一个平衡 , 就是在意味着意义上 , 这是通过公平的 , 通过公寓设计的 , 设计了正确的权力 。
this paper builds the multiple scattering model of imaging in fog and presents the algorithm of fog water content measure based on images blur degree .	本文建立了基于图像bl的图像模拟模型 , 建立了基于图像bl的图像bl的多个扫描模型 , 建立了基于图像的多个扫描模型 。
the silkworm , bombyx mori , as a completely domesticated insect with good breeding and genetic system , has been considered as an ideal model for lepidoptera .	银行worm , 博比克思想 , 作为一个完全的医生 , 作为一个完全的医生和遗传系统的医学模型 , 已经被认为是一个理想的模型 。
i fly the aircraft back down to the 1 , 500foot line at 500 feet and modify my airspeed to get at show center for the pullup . i level off at about 500 feet .	我飞机飞机回到1 , 500英尺 , 500英尺 , 修改了我的空气速度 , 我在500英尺的空气中心 , 我在500英尺的500英尺 。
many have cautioned investors not to make rash decisions , such as liquidating all their lowrisk government bonds in order to sniff the green paper bill for just a minute .	许多投资者不要做出的投资者 , 例如 , 所有的低级政府债券的低级政府债券 , 为了确保绿纸币的绿色纸币币币币的绿色纸币价值 , 只有一分钟 。
in his youth , lawrence kessenich often clashed with his father over politics and religion , but he also admired his dad’s commitment to helping the poor and homeless .	他的年轻 , 法律杀人员常用他的父亲和宗教和宗教 , 同时也承认他爸爸的承诺帮助贫穷和家庭 。
arsenal can take positives from the result and most of the performance , city can take heart from the fact that even with 10 men they gave us a game until the second goal went in .	阿森森森纳可以从结果中获得积极的 , 大多数的性能 , 城市可以听到 , 甚至在第二个目标上 , 直到第二个目标 。
what should we call these iphonelike , touch screen wifi phones with music and video , real web browsers , email , sensors , and , above all , app stores ?	我们应该叫这些iphonelike , 触摸屏幕屏幕电话和视频 , 实际web浏览器 , 电子邮件 , 网络浏览器 , 网络浏览器 , 网络浏览器 , 网络浏览器和网络浏览器等 ?
results the automatically rotating km—5000d microkeratome system comprised three parts: microcut system , double electronic dynamic device and control panel .	结果 , 自动旋转km-5000d微震系统组成了三个部分:微波系统、双电子动力学设备和控制板块 。
impressed by the official's work , the gates foundation decided to adopt her model of prevention and outreach and replicate it in major cities across 12 provinces .	由官员工工作的印象 , 盖茨基金决定采用预防和外国的预防和外交机构 , 重新修改它在12个省的大部分城市 。
despite u . s . misgivings , britainsaid earlier this month it would join the aiib . france , germany and italy quicklyfollowed .	尽管美国失败 , 英国早些时候早些时候 , 本月早些时候 , 德国和意大利 , 德国和意大利迅速下降 。
but on the other hand , with the increase of the intrafirm trade and intraindustry trade , which is brought by multinational companies , the fdi has a positive effect on trade .	另一方面 , 随着吸引规定贸易和工业贸易的增加 , 由多持续公司 , 这个模式对贸易有着积极的影响 。
interactive charts will show investors how their risk exposure changes when they buy more microsoft options , or hold fewer chinese stocks , or short the price of oil .	互动挑战将展示了他们的风险问题 , 当他们购买更多的微软选项时 , 或者希望中国石油价格或短缺油价格 。
they and their patients have been very worried about the cardiovascular safety of rosiglitazone due to the meta analysis paper from new england journal of medicine .	他们和他们的病人很担心 , 因此 , 由于医学新英格兰医学报告的新英格兰医学报告的新英格兰医学报告的病人 。
a few insect species including beetles and katydids actively bleed when attacked , but the benefits of taking such extreme measures were not clear .	在攻击攻击时 , 几个项目都包括贝尔尔和凯尔德斯坦的特殊特别包括贝尔尔和凯尔德斯坦ids , 但在攻击攻击时不清楚 , 还有很少的措施并不清楚 。
infrared searching and tracking systems find wide use in military and civil applications . airborne irst systems are described , and its application examples are introduced .	详细介绍了在军事和民事应用中的应用程序中 , 发现了广泛的搜索和跟踪系统 , 并介绍了其应用例子 , 介绍了其应用例子 。
the gravel , grave cement and concrete thickness are given for reference only ; the final thickness will be accurately calculated according to chinese regulation .	根据中国规定的规定 , 根据中国规定的规定 , 给出了速度、速度和混凝土厚度的厚度 。
energy prices eased a bit tuesday , with oil hovering around$134 . 01 a barrel and gas prices at $4 . 078 a gallon .	今天 , 能源价格很容易 , 今天 , 股价在134.01美元和气体价格达到4.078美元 。
even though its owners lacked all six required licenses , it operated on state property in full view of a stateowned mine for more than three years , the official said .	据官员表示 , 尽管自己的拥有者缺乏六个要求 , 但它在全国性质上运营了全国性质的国家性质 , 尽管自己的官员还有三年 , 官员表示 。
for average people in china , they hope to find something from those countries that we can learn from , meanwhile intimidated by the potential despise or discrimination we might get in reward .	对于我国 , 他们希望从那些国家学到一些东西 , 同时我们可以学到一些东西 , 同时 , 同时也可以通过潜在的声音或歧视 , 或是我们可能会得到一些东西 。
medvedev people in more than she had in mind the same year 1909 , the washington state governor to respond to announce the third sunday in june as father's day .	1909年 , 华盛顿国家政府向华盛顿政府宣布第三周日宣布 , 今天 , 今天 , 今天 , 华盛顿政府在华盛顿的第三天中宣布了第三天的第三天 。
a report by the world's leading international health organizations today calls for joint action to accelerate the development and licensing of a highly effective malaria vaccine .	据世界领导国际卫生组织的报告 , 今天 , 世界领导国际卫生组织的一份报告称 , 今天召唤了联合行动 , 参与国际卫生组织的开发和开发和公开高效的高效作用 。
the building faces south to capture the best views and has sweeping terraces that overhang by 2 . 5 metres to prevent glare into the rooms below .	建筑面对南方来捕捉最好的观点 , 并且在2.5米的2.5米以下 , 为了防止玻璃将玻璃放入房间 。
designing your threadsafe class in this fashion allows it to be used in a multithreaded application as easily as a nonthreadsafe class , but with a higher level of safety .	设计你的线程安全课程 , 允许它可以在多线程序中使用的多线程序 , 如非线程安全课程 , 但随着更高的安全性 。
productivity in the united states has fluctuated widely in recent decades . from 1979 to 1990 , u . s . productivity grew by a slow 1 . 4% annually .	美国最近几十年来 , 美国生产力的生产力在19790年以来 , 1970年以来 , 美国生产力增长了1.4% 。
but the researchers suggest that if the weakening trend continues , there could be more severe cyclones , even during the summer monsoon months of june to september .	但是 , 研究人员建议 , 如果破弱趋势继续 , 即使在夏天夏天 , 即使在夏天晚上 , 即使在7月的夏天的夏天 , 即使在7月里 , 7月的日里 , 即使这项研究人员认为 , 这些研究人员认为 , 这些研究人员仍然会更加热衷心 。
moreover , this paper takes an example of the renewal and transformation of haohe in nantong , analyzing the experience from the investigation about background and course of it .	此外 , 本文从研究背景和课程的研究 , 探讨了一项例子 , 探讨了从湖北省的背景和课程的经验 。
however , the compressed air pass the same large area of laval nozzle in the traditional vacuum ejector all through the working process , so its large shortcoming is high compressed air consumption .	然而 , 压缩空气的压缩空气在传统的空气调整过程中 , 压缩空气通道的压缩空气消耗大 , 因此它的大型的压缩空气消耗是高压空气消耗的 。
democrats such as mr . hoyer blame the deficit largely on the bush administration , which inherited budget surpluses , but left office with deficits .	民主党的民主党 , 例如 , 霍尔先生在布什管理部门上 , 还有预算的预算法 , 可是与缺乏缺陷 。
in addition to the sparql endpoints that appear on the public internet , others are appearing behind firewalls to ease crosssilo querying of enterprise data .	除了sarql终点 , 除了在公共互联网上 , 另外 , 另外 , 其他人在火灾后 , 将会在企业数据中发布 。
cherie blair , the wife of prime minister tony blair , posed nude for a painting when she was a trainee lawyer in her mid20s , the times reported .	切里·布莱尔说 , 首先部长托尼·布莱恩·布莱尔·布莱德的妻子 , 当她是一位画画时 , 画家的时候 , 曾经是一个画家 。
neither fighter has ever appeared out of shape or drastically ran out of gas during a distance fight , but both tend to fade a bit over the second half of a 12round bout .	在距离战斗中 , 任何战斗已经出现了形状 , 或至至少在距离战斗中 , 但两个战斗之间 , 两个战斗都在第二半场比赛中 。
the results can be shown by numerical value and by graphic in the developed software that make it be seen directly . besides , the working interface is easy for workers to use .	研究结果可以通过数值值 , 通过图形值的图形值 , 使得它直接看到它直接看到 , 工作界面很容易使用 。
you can now adjust your websphere integration developer authentication to use your administrator user , leaving the wpsserver id for use only by your server process .	你现在可以调整您的webspherre集成开发人员 , 可以调整您的websphere集成开发发员 , 通过服务器处理的wpserver服务器idid , 只需要使用服务器处理 。
although figure 5 shows an mvclike model as an example , you can apply the basic principles of the rich web application backplane to any model and page design methodology .	尽管图5显示了mvvclike模型作为一个例子 , 您可以应用丰富的web应用程序的基本原理 , 以及页面设计方法的基本原理 。
the new economic realities may lead to flat matchday revenues . while attendances continue to hold up well , many clubs have frozen or reduced ticket prices .	新经济实际可能会导致今天收入 , 注意力继续持续增长 , 很多俱乐部还有很多俱乐部或减少股票价格 。
on tv , a news reporter states that the vice president has the largest campaign war chest in history and is therefore the oddson favorite to win her party’s nomination .	在电视台上 , 一个新闻记者说 , 维尔总统的记者们在历史上 , 因此 , 因此 , 奥德森最喜欢赢得党的选举 。
based on the bidirectional properties of semiconductor cooler , we designed a bidirectional active highaccurated temperature controller , with broad working range .	基于半导体冷却性能的基础上 , 设计了一种高精度高精度的高精度温度控制器 , 具有广泛的工作范围 。
although the ford fseries was the number one best selling vehicle in the us last year , there were six foreign owned models in the top ten list in 2010 .	尽管在去年 , 目前 , 目前 , 目前 , 目前 , 尽管在2010年 , 尽管前 , 目前 , 目前已有六个外国的模型 。
occasionally , a follicle doesn't open to release the egg or recloses after releasing the egg and swells with fluid , forming an ovarian cyst .	注意是 , 一个不开放鸡蛋 , 然后再释放鸡蛋 , 然后再加入鸡蛋 , 然后再加入鸡蛋和甜蜜 , 形成了卵巢周期 。
'we are not receiving special treatment ; we compete for business just like every other company , ' the fairfield , conn . , conglomerate said recently on its website .	" 我们并不接受特殊处理 , 最近在网站上说 , " 我们对商业只是一家公司的公司 , " 家庭 , 最近在网站上说 。
he faces an investigation in france about allegations he sexually attacked a young novelist in 2003 , and a civil suit in new york by ms . diallo .	他面临了一项调查 , 2003年 , 法国人在法国 , 迪洛斯的一项调查 , 他在2003年轻的小说中面临了一项调查 。
results show that the thermal comfort of combined system is the best , and the risk of condensation is lower than that when chilled ceiling panel operates individually .	结果表明 , 结合系统的热舒适性是最好的 , 结合系统的结合系统的风险比以下 , 结合系统的风险更低 。
at worst , he and his wife would earn about 600 yuan a month ; at the busiest times , when production ran until 2am , they could take home 2 , 100 yuan each .	最糟糕的是 , 他和妻子们的妻子们每个月都会有600元 ; 在商店时 , 生产速度 , 直到2毫米 , 直到2点 , 000元 , 每个月都能回家 。
i could throw a few words at you supporting , sharing dreams and aspirations , confiding , loving , compromising but these are just words unless you act upon them .	我可以在你支持 , 共享梦想和资料 , 配置 , 失去 , 失去 , 然而 , 这些只是只是你们的话 。
napolitano's comments came days after a nigerian man was arrested for igniting a small explosion on a northwest airline flight bound for detroit friday .	本周五 , 纳波利诺诺的评论日子在德国人后被逮捕了一小爆炸的小爆炸后 , 纳波利诺诺的评论日子被逮捕了一小爆炸 。
our production team had tried many kinds of " idol " style selection shows in the past , " said jin , who was previously bestknown for his 2007 show " my hero " .	我们的生产团队已经尝试了很多 " 老 " 选择显示 , " 杰林说 , 金林先前为2007年最好的2007年展示了 " 英雄 " 。
" we view them as very similar things , " says erik , a 28yearold assistant professor , referring to math and art . " they're both creative processes .	" 我们看起来很相似的事情 , " 埃里克说 , 一位28岁的姐妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹 , " 他们都是创造过程 。 "
mr . noda's move raised speculation that he may be trying to show opposition members he is serious about cooperating with them in shaping budget and tax policies .	诺达达达先生的运动规定 , 他可能试图试图展示反对成员会员 , 与他们的形成预算和税务政策相关的合作伙伴 。
a taper company sends me the sample by there a/c . i did't like the sample then i send the sample to that company by my a/c and he made the same one . now we are doing great business .	专家公司把我送到了一个/c的样本 , 然后我不喜欢样本的样本 , 然后我把样本送到那家公司的样本 , 然后 , 然后 , 现在我们做了很棒的商务 。
to study relations between rrti and blood zinc value of children , blood zinc value of 35 cases of rrti were compared with that of 40 cases of no rrti .	为了比较 , 研究了35例35例小鼠和血液zinc值的关系 , 比较了40例 , ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 40例没有降低40例 。
however , after choosing it , the subject would find a silver lining: " with a broken leg , i will be able to lie in bed watching tv , guiltfree .	然而 , 在选择它之后 , 主题将会找到一个银色的谎言: " 随着一条碎腿 , 我就可以在床上看电视 , 直到自由 。
in this paper , ningbo is used as an object , and detail investigation and re search on present situation of science and technology resources have been done on it .	本论文首先 , 首先 , 作为对象 , 详细研究和详细的研究 , 探讨了科学和技术资源的现状和搜索 。
where the losses in a traffic accident are caused intentionally by the driver of a nonmotor vehicle or a pedestrian , the driver of the motor vehicle shall not bear liability .	交通事故的损失 , 由于非摩托车辆驱动的车辆或平均车辆驱动器 , 车辆车辆车辆驱动器的驱动器驱动器的驱动器 , 车辆的驱动器驱动器不能力 。
" cashforclunkers " programmes whereby governments subsidise the purchase of a new vehicle to replace old energyinefficient vehicles have been widely used .	" 加工包括包括 " 项目 " 计划 " 计划 " 的计划 , 为了提高新车辆购买新车辆的购买新车辆 , 更广泛应用于老能源机械的车辆 。
this paper deals with the threshold condition of double resonance parametric oscillation when the absorption coefficient of the signal light is different from that of the idling light .	通过对两个合理的双孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔孔隙的吸收率 , 探讨了信号光的吸收效率 。
twentyfive years ago , for a chinese person to visit a foreign country or even to visit hong kong , part of our own country , it was very difficult or almost impossible .	二十五年前 , 对于中国人来访问外国 , 甚至是为了访问香港 , 我们的一部分国家的一部分 , 我们的国家的一部分都很困难或几乎不可能 。
supporters prepare a huge inflatable figure of venezuela's president hugo chavez outside the national assembly building in caracas august 15 , 2007 .	支持者准备了大量的支持者 , 为2007年8月15日在卡萨萨加斯州的卡萨萨萨萨加斯州的一大楼 , 支持人员制造了大量的成员 。
the influence of the ratio of alg , w component and porosity upon the resistivity of ag w electro contact material were examined by the computer simulation approach .	通过计算机模拟方法 , 研究了ggw电子电子电子电子电池的影响 , 探讨了gg-g组件的影响 , 得到了计算机模拟的计算机模拟方法 。
it is possessed of delicate and symmetrical appearance and accords with the conventions of chinese traditional decoration and aesthetics , therefore , it is named chinese knot .	因此 , 由于中国传统装饰和美学品 , 由于中国传统的传统装饰和美学品 , 因此 , 被称为中国不知道 。
traffic was snarled in cities from los angeles to washington , d . c . , as antiwar protesters blocked off major intersections , some chaining themselves together .	交通是从华盛顿的城市 , 来自华盛顿的城市 , 日本 , 作为反恐保护人员的抗震保护人员在一起 , 有些挑战他们一起挑战 。
as a communication interface of a downhole instrument composed of multicomputers , it exchanges commands and data with the data acquisition system through asynchronous serial port .	作为一个通信结构的通信接口 , 由于多个计算机组成的多个计算机组成 , 它将命令和数据设备交换命令和数据采集系统与数据采集系统的数据采集系统交换和数据采集系统 。
on the other side , the request of microwave communicating system becomes more and more critical to the performance of microwave passive device including coupler , splitter .	另一方面 , 微波通信系统的要求越来越多 , 越来越多的微波传输系统的要求越来越多 , 微波传输系统的性能包括coupler、spliter 。
in xun zi's view of history , the relationship between the saint and the tao not only has logical consistency , but also has a rich and diverse relationships in different historical periods .	新山区的历史观点 , 盐与盐之间的关系不仅有逻辑意义 , 而且在不同历史时期 , 还有丰富和多样的关系 。
this allows chiquita to deliver bananas with the colors requested by the customers , which falls anywhere on a ninepoint scale ranging from green to deep yellow .	这个允许孩子们要求客户请求的同时 , 要求客户请求的客户要求 , 这些地方将任何地方从绿色深深深深的绿色的绿色的绿色屏幕上传送 。
here , on a site once meant for processing spent nuclear fuel rods , an unusual textiles factory is setting up shop to serve the auto body construction industry .	此外 , 在这里 , 一旦处理速度的核燃料辊 , 一个不锈的纺织厂厂设立了自动体建筑工业 。
a high degree of reproducibility was also demonstrated . the tcb is a noninvasive , simple and convenient monitoring and screening device for neonatal jaundice .	文章还提出了一种较高的环境性 , 证明了tcb是一种非侵蚀性、简单、适应监测和监测装置的非侵蚀性、简单、简单、简单、简单、适应监测和筛选设备 。
a thousand feet underground , the cave of crystals is just one of a series of glittering caverns beneath the chihuahuan desert's naica mountain .	几千英尺的脚下 , 金属的调查只是一系列的一系列的一系列的玻璃山脉之一 。
the kopeck weary performance mainly manifests in the hit probability , before already carried on season in the middle of match kopeck shooting average only then pitiful 36% .	克比赛中期 , 比赛克莱克·克莱克在赛季中 , 克比赛克莱克·克莱克·克克莱克斯基斯基斯特里斯特里斯特的基本特别表演主要表演 , 然后只有36% 。
since minimal invasive surgery is still “major” surgery , all the usual complications such as heart attack , stroke and even death are rare but possible .	由于最终的手术仍然是 " 主要 " 手术 , 所有通常的手术 , 例如攻击、攻击、攻击、攻击、攻击、攻击和死亡 , 甚至死亡甚至死亡也是可能的 。
jianjiang , shexian county native during the late ming and early qing dynasties , whose buddhist name is hongren , was a pioneer of xin'an art school .	北京 , 广东 , 位于晚上 , 晚上 , 早期清清清清清清清代时代 , 佛教名为香港 , 是新疆艺术学校 。
the intellectualized thermoregulation principle of wool fabric finished by nanomicrocapsule is analyzed . the ideal heatabsorbing model is built .	建立了自然扫描器的智能化规律原理 , 建立了自然形成的木材料制造原理 , 建立了理想的热力学模型 。
scientific , procedure , computery , system management , corrective as always and set up the best products for our goal . fulfil the quality procedure to satisfy customers .	科学、程序、计算机、系统管理、正确管理 , 总是为我们的目标提供最好的产品 , 完成了满足客户满足客户的质量程序 。
sanshandao gold mine is the first hard rock mine carrying out undersea mining in china , which adopts the mechanical upward horizontal slice stopingfilling method with pointed pillars .	三山金矿是我国第一个艰难的岩石石矿井 , 采用机械上升的机械上升的金属矿床 , 采用了岩石矿井的机械钻石方法 。
all values in a specific column of a database table are encrypted with the same password provided by the user , the same encryption algorithm , and the same cipher mode .	所有值都在一个特定的数据库表的列表中 , 通过用户 , 同样的sword提供了相同的swswordsssssssssssssssssssssssssssddssssssssssssdddsssddsdsdsd
pickled the movie , a surf flick by billabong usa featuring 8 worldclass surfers , 8 exotic countries , 1 total wannabe and a jar of pickles .	摘了电影 , 由于巴布拉伯特的一部电影 , 8个世界各地拍摄了一部电影 , 8个世界各地的电影 , 8个全球范围 , 总有100nanabe和ack 。
inverse archshaped bending of curved forms , ridged rear driving cabins on a slightly convex , continuous glass packaging and elegant surrounding the...	同时 , 建筑适应的形式 , 风格的驱动蛋白在一个慢的混凝土下 , 连续玻璃包装和轻松的玻璃包装和轻松的玻璃包装 。
in this article , the progress of precoated steel for household appliance at baosteel is described . the quality , varieties and problems in the production are also mentioned with suggestions .	文章介绍了竹钢的前景 , 探讨了制作品质、品质、品种和问题的发展进展 。
futurism , an early twentiethcentury movement in craft , rejected entire institutions and tried to exalt contemporary life by emphasizing the machine and film .	自动主义 , 早期二十世纪的运动 , 拒绝整个机械和电影的整个机器 , 试图探讨当代生活的时代生活 。
former ministry of labor , " the labor contract system off and notice a number of issues , " the fifth requirement: " the labor contract may provide for the effective time of the contract .	劳动部长 , " 劳动合同系统的前部长 , 劳动合同体系和注意 , " 第五部分: " 劳动合同可能为合同的效果提供效果 。 "
mainly used in communications products , personal digital assistant , watches clocks , all kinds of instruments , office machinery , computer , car audio electric toy products .	主要使用在通信产品中 , 个性数字服务器 , 顾客 , 查看各类设施、办公机、办公机、电脑机、汽车电机、汽车电机、汽车电机、汽车电机、汽车电机、汽车电机、汽车电机、汽车电机、汽车电动机械、汽车电机、汽车电
its original meaning is that the fox borrows the tiger's ferocity to bluster other animals . its extended meaning is to bully people by virtue of somebody's influence .	它的原始意义是 , 狐狸借着虎虎的聚焦 , 它的意义是通过对其他动物的影响来说 , 它的意味着它的意义是在某个人影响力的影响力下的 。
objective to investigate the heartprotective effects of compound chinese medicine of tianma gouteng prescription on renal hypertensive rats and to explore its mechanism .	目的探讨高血压率、探讨其机制 , 探讨高血压率和探讨其机制 。
dedicated hydroelectric projects are often built to provide the substantial amounts of electricity needed for aluminium electrolytic plants , for example .	例如 , 水电工程通常建立 , 为了为铝铝电厂的电厂提供潜在的水电工程 , 例如 , 例如 , 用例如 , 建立了水电工程 。
it is the type of wood used to smoke the tobacco leaves and the amount of smoke exposure that gives firecured tobacco leaves their distinctive flavours .	这是木材用来吸烟烟烟草水平和烟草水平的大量吸烟措施 , 给出了防止烟草的烟草解释 , 使得烟草的烟草水平降低了它们的污染 。
among all the modules , we focus on the design of indexer and searcher based on the multilevel partitioning strategy , a novel index partition strategy proposed by us .	在所有模式中 , 我们重点关注指标和搜索器的设计 , 基于多层分区策略 , 提出了一种新的新型指标指标指标策略 。
objective:to study the effects of masticatory movements on the functional activity of brain by comparing the blood flow change before and after rpd restoration of freeend edentia .	目的:探讨数学运动对脑部骨折的功能运动的影响 , 比较血液流的疗效 , 比较了血液流的疗效 。
the stability and global convergence properties analysis of the multivariable generalized predictive poleassignment selftuning control recursive algorithm is presented .	提出了多可用的预测方法 , 提出了系统的稳定性和全球的稳定性和全球性的稳定性分析 。
the invention relates to a method for manufacturing a flatplate heat tube . the method comprises the following steps: providing an upper cover plate and a lower cover plate ;	本发明涉及制造一种制造方法 , 制造了一种制造一种制造工艺 , 制造了一种制造的热管管管 , 方法包括下步骤:以下一步骤:建立高覆盖板板板和低层板板板的方法 ;
the main buildings in that temple are then daxiong hall , the sutra hall , the clock tower , the in script ion " midnight bells " , the first floor of maple river .	这个mple的主要建筑在那个庙里 , 后来 , 后来 , 黑帽 , 衣服 , 衣服 , 衣服 , 衣服 , 整个 " 夜间 " 的 " 中午 "  , 第一层 。
since asphaltic concrete materials are temperature dependent in nature , measured deflections and hence the structural capacity of pavement vary with temperature .	由于物理混凝土材料的物理混凝土材料 , 测定了自然温度、测量的缺陷 , 因此 , 测定了不同温度的结构能力 。
in 1995 wu li took the strategic goal of shanghai in terms of domestic and international status and role as the basis for devising the rational size of population .	1995年 , 吴林林在上海的战略目标和国际地位和国际地位和国际地位的战略目标 , 为了详细描述人口理论尺寸的基础 。
the fatty secamines can be directly prepared by the catalytic hydrogenation of the fatty nitriles , using ammonia synthesis gas instead of pure hydrogen .	通过催化剂的催化剂制备 , 可直接制备脂肪的催化剂 , 用氨基亚合成气体合成气体的催化剂 。
also the scholar thinks: itch becoming aware basically is by cuticular derma of the boundary sensory experience with place of shallowlayer skin clump conduct .	同时 , 教学思想也是由于上层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层结构的基本思想 , 变得越来越多 。
eventually , the system could use software or hardware to deal with emergencies such as giving an alarm for abnormity , poweroff , stopping charging and stopping discharging and so on .	最后 , 系统可以使用软件或硬件来解决 , 例如 , 给出一个紧急的警告 , 能力 , 存储电池 , 停止电荷和停止消耗等 。
taxation is a significant means for accommodating economics , and the arrangement of the tax system and tax administration can influence the development of nonstate enterprises greatly .	税务是促进经济的一个重要意义 , 税务管理是税收制制度和税收管理的发展 , 影响税收制的不稳定企业的发展 。
if the ribbon was severed , the top would burn up in the atmosphere , and the bottom would flutter to the ground " with the force of a sheet of paper , " according to liftport .	根据利物浦机场的报告说 , 这个顶顶部将在气氛里 , 底部的底部将会在地面上飞到地面上 " 的地方 " , 根据利物浦机场 " 的力量来说 。
the demonstrations come a day before the centreright coalition of chancellor angela merkel is due to discuss the date when germany's nuclear reactors will finally be shut down .	由于德国核反应器的核反应器的核反应器的核反应器的核反应器最终将降低 。
applying the theory of metaphors , familybased moral systems and contemporary american politics to the study of presidential campaign speeches entails dual meanings .	申请内容理论 , 家庭的道德体系和当代美国政治研究总统奥运会的美国政治政治理论的应用理论、家庭的理论、家庭的道德体系和当代美国政治政治理论 。
insiders pointed out that the two companies will now be entertainment devices sold at much lower profit , expect this market share , and rely on the application of highprofit game to get the benefits .	idser指出 , 两家公司将在低利益下卖出 , 预计 , 预计该市场股份 , 预计 , 市场股份 , 预计 , 高效游戏的应用程序在高效率游戏中得到了利益 。
dengue , for example , has notoriously emerged as one of the fastest growing disease burdens in the world ; today , cases are reported in many regions formerly free of the disease .	例如 , 因此 , 因此 , 对于世界上最快的生长疾病之一 , 今天 , 病例报道 , 许多地区的病例已被报告 。
less than 70% of those with concerns about their periods have ever spoken to a gp , a survey of 600 women aged 1645 for the haemophilia society says .	除了70%的关注 , 关于他们的期间 , 一项调查的调查显示 , 70%的女性社会1645岁 , 70%的女性 , 女性社会的调查显示 , 70% 。
or , you might encounter the task of transforming xml data into xhtml to deliver an attractive , interactive , and usable interface for mobile users and various web browsers .	或者 , 你可能会遇到xml数据的任务 , 将xhtml数据转换为xhtml数据的任务转换为xhtml数据的任务转换到一个吸引力、互动、互动性和用户互动界面的接口 。
like a savvy career counselor or financial planner , the right advisor can help you build a solid foundation as well as steer you through choppy waters once you open your doors .	就像一样 , 保存职业机构或财务计划师 , 权利顾问者可以帮助你建立一个固定基础 , 同时还可以通过你开放你的门户开放 。
" i'd like present you orion . " the orion , billed as the next generation of manned spacecraft , has been de scribed by some nasa engineers as " apollo on steroids " .	" 我喜欢今天 , " 奥林 " 的原因 , 比如下一代人类的空间飞机 , 已经被一些海军工程师称为 " 阿波罗斯工程师 " 。
working into the wee hours totally disrupts worklife balance , causes you to miss out on time with loved ones , and more often than not , leads you to lose precious hours of sleep .	进入西旅游小时工作 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此你和爱一起 , 更多的爱情 , 通常不会让你失去睡眠的时间 。
in kurdish legend , the holiday celebrates the deliverance of the kurds from a tyrant , and it is seen as another way of demonstrating support for the kurdish cause .	在kurururururish级基因中 , 夏天庆祝了从一个类型的变化 , 看起来是另一方面的一个方法 。
firstclass passengers get directv for the same price as a glass of champagne — for free — and coach passengers pay $6 to go channel surfing .	首先 , 路易斯乘客在同样的价格上得到了直接 , 同样的价格的价格 , 因此 , 对于自由的价格来说 , 同样的价格来说 , 同样的价格都是自由的 。
considering chinese labor is up to 3times more expensive now than places like vietnam , why aren't we making an effort to manufacture in those cheaper countries if we have too ?	考虑中国劳动者在考虑中国实验室里 , 比如越南 , 为什么我们不能在那些廉价国家做出努力的话 , 为什么我们还是为什么我们要做的 。
on the other hand , the suitable reinforced method is selected in comparison with various reinforcement schemes such as injection root pile , nonskid pile , anchor bar and so on .	另一方面 , 选择了适合的加固方法 , 选择了各种加工方案 , 例如注射根桩、非kkkid桩、锚固桩、锚固法、锚固法等 。
“the current mood is that his resignation is likely to be accepted but no decision has been made yet , ” an official at the presidential blue house told the financial times .	" 目前 , 目前 , 目前 , 他的情绪可能会被接受 , 但没有决定 , " 总统布鲁斯说 , " 官方的是 , 目前的情绪可能是他的 。 "
in this paper , multiscale wavelet decomposition and susan operator are synthetically used in image processing , then the locations of feature points are rapidly acquired .	文中 , 采用多cacacale小波检测器和san操作器 , 合成了图像处理的图像处理 , 然后在图像处理中得到了较少的特征点 。
one " bad apple " can spread negative behavior like a virus to bring down officemates or destroy a good team , according to a new study examining conflict in the workplace .	" 坏苹果 " 可以在工作laceslace中传播负面行为 , 比如一个病毒来带来的病毒 , 或者毁灭了良好的团队 , 根据一项新的研究结果 , 根据一个 " 坏的苹果 " 的应用程序 " 坏苹果 " 的应用程序 " 的应用程序 " 。
" it's all about the product development capability , " yoshikazu tanaka , chief executive officer of japan's no . 3 social networking operator , gree inc (	" 所有的产品开发能力都是关于产品开发能力的 , " 奥蒂克·塔卡扎克 " 北京首席执行官员jananan3.3社会网络操作官员 , 希腊都是关于产品发展能力的 。
she also sent photographs of the orphanage and told me about the caregivers , or “mommas , ” as they were called—most of them youngish haitian women with families of their own .	她还把照片送给了 , 告诉我关于职业的照片 , 或者 " ommama " 或者 " ommama " , " 作为他们称为 " 年轻的海军女性 , 年轻的海军女性和家庭的女性 。
and here i want to warn all my relatives and people close to me that these services will use all means to trap and try to kill and liquidate me either physically , socially or professionally .	这里我想要告诉所有的关系 , 人们关闭这些服务将使用所有的意思 , 要求所有的意思 , 试图把所有的意思放在物理、社会或专业上 。
but attention soon shifted away from the rainforest to issues like climate change and organic agriculture , and now the amazon is disappearing at about the same rate it was in the 1980s .	然而 , 很快的注意 , 因此 , 在1980年80年以来 , 亚马逊已经失去了 , 因此 , 很快就像气候变化和有机农业 , 目前 , 亚马逊在1980年的同样的同样 。
the company says it was able to raise such a large round because programmable logic device chips are the most profitable sector in the semiconductor market , with gross margins of 65 percent .	本公司表示 , 公司可以提高这种大圆形 , 因为可编程逻辑设备芯片是最适合的半导体市场 , 最有利于65% 。
article 14 the government may require a communications enterprise to take necessary emergency measures for the public interest in the event of natural disasters or emergencies .	第14章 , 政府可能需要一个通信企业 , 要求公共利益的公共利益 , 要求自然灾害或急救事件的公共利益措施 。
instead , he focused on what the company already allows users to do on musician pages on the site via music player applications and the like , many of which come from thirdparty developers .	相反 , 他在公司已经注意到了关注公司已经允许用户在网站游戏应用程序和许多情况下 , 很多来自第三方开发者 。
mr . liu found fulltime work as a laborer ; his wife took a part time job and watched over the family’s two children , a daughter and their young son liu jingjun .	刘刘先生发现全职工作 , 作为劳动员 , 他的妻子们在家里看到了一部分工作 , 看到了家庭两个孩子 , 一个女儿和他们的儿子刘江宁 。
senior lieutenant colonel tran thanh hang , who is responsible for receiving war memorabilia donated to the museum , said as yet , no one knows who le d . tuan was .	不过 , 高层利润尼尔在杭州 , 高层利润尼尔·柯尔特特特特·柯尔特特特特尔特特特特尔特特特特尔特特特尔特特特特特特特特特尔特特特尔特特特特特特特特尔斯说 , 高级利亚的利班牙利亚是因为了解雇员 。
having one global file to update means less of a headache , just remember to update it when you add or delete a user , then push it out to all boxes again via scp .	有一个全球文件来更新 , 只要在你添加或删除用户时 , 然后把它放到所有的盒子 。
based on the keywords our clients suggested to us , we bought up several keywordrich urls , for anywhere from $100 to $4 , 000 per url .	基于关键词的关键词 , 我们买了几个关键词汇 , 为了从100美元到400美元 , 000美元 。
we have discussed how the custom administrative client receives information from the websphere environment , but how does it in turn push the information to the monitoring tools ?	我们讨论了如何从webspherherre环境的客户端管理客户户户端接收信息 , 但如何把它放到监控工具的信息放到监控工具吗 ?
emphases of the paper are on constructing a reasonable data structure and realizing the basic function of solid modeling such as rotation , zoom , pan and section view . etc .	阐述了建立一种合理的数据结构 , 实现了固体模型的基本功能 , 例如旋转、zoom、pan、pan、pan和sect视图等的基本功能 , 实现了固体模型的基本功能 。
phyllis ring , 81 , of fort collins , colorado , watched the speech from her wheelchair in the end zone of denver's invesco football stadium .	物理学环境 , 81岁 , 忘记者 , 罗拉多 , 看到了她的小说 , 看到了她从她的身边看到了她的地方的地方 。
one development that wolfram is especially excited about is using wolfram alpha's ability to understand and compute natural language queries in order to create mathematica programs .	特别是为了创建数学程序的一个发展 , 特别是为了解和计算机自然语言质量 , 为了创建数学程序创建数学程序 。
elisa is a young married lady working on an isolated farm and proud of her skills in growing flowers . one day , she suddenly feels a desire to communicate with .	伊丽莎是一位年轻的婚姻人员 , 曾经是一位年轻的婚姻劳动员 , 一天她的技巧 , 一天 , 她突然觉得自己感受到了一位年轻的朋友 。
volunteer mentors are expected to spend 6090 minutes a week helping newcomers on work culture , contacts , writing applications and learning about professional associations .	志愿者预计为6090分钟 , 将在工作文化、联系、联系、编写应用程序和学习专业资产 。
it has mobilized 11 air force planes , four navy vessels with divers and a tanker for the retrieval operation that jobim said was being carried out in a 120mile radius .	本发动了111空军计划 , 四名名航空船员 , 同时在120英里 , 工作人员表示 , 乔布斯在120英里的1120英里 。
caracas , venezuela – a plane carrying 51 people crashed monday in eastern venezuela , and officials said 33 survived while at least 14 were killed .	卡卡萨斯 , 斯卡萨斯 , 周一 , 一个计划51人在东部的星期一在东部 , 官员表示 , 至少有14人死亡 , 至少有3333333333335人死亡 。
a breakdown of the numbers by country reveals authorities are seeking 7590 chinese , 5050 americans , 4020 malaysians and 3470 british .	由于国家的数量的破坏 , 由于国家的数字 , 国家的数字显示了7590 , 中国5090 , 5050 , 500名美国 , 4020名美国人和3470名英国 。
good looks can slay a woman's chances of snaring jobs considered " manly , " along to a learn along the university of colorado denver business school .	好吧 , 看起来 , 女性的机会是 " 男性 " , " 男性 " 男性 " 男性 " 男性 " 男性 " 的学习 。
andrea pirlo had an early freekick charged down by the defensive wall while clarence seedorf and cresp both had halfchances as sampdoria massed in defence .	阿伦比尔洛在德国防守墙的早些时候 , 海盗已经有一个早些时候 , 克莱斯和克莱斯都有一半机会 , 同时 , 两人都有一半机会 。
the human infections of diphyllobothrium latum , toxocara canis , and triodontophorus minor discovered by lin from beijing were the first records in the country .	北京第一次来自北京第一次记录中 , 人类感染者 , 人类感染者和三甲基亚人类感染 , 是北京第一次记录的记录 。
britain's prince william will marry his longtime girlfriend kate middleton in 2012 , on the eve of the london olympics , the news of the world reported sunday .	英国的价格将于2012年在2012年 , 英国的价格将结婚他的长期女友迈尔顿 , 在伦敦奥运会上 , 伦敦奥运会的报告中 , 世界报告的报告周日报告中 , 英国的价将于2012年 。
when a user's mail file is set to use the inotes6 . ntf template , it inherits all the design elements in this template and also inherits the reference to the shared forms file .	当用户的邮件时 , 用户的邮件设置了x6.ntff模板 , 另外所有设计元素 , 同时 , 用户的所有设计元素都是在这个模板中使用的 。
however , phenolic plastic prepared with twostep method is mostly cured with htma and this curing process will release ammonia from htma , which will corrode the copper or brass parts .	然而 , 用两步步法制备的双步塑料塑料塑料塑料 , 大多数采用htttma和此切割过程将释放在htttttma和btma上 。
clapper rails in particular are highly dependent on the marshes—including fiddler crabs , a dietary staple—and they'll have nowhere to go if the oil arrives .	特别是 , 特别是在马什上 , 包括文件crbc、食物标准、食物标准 , 这样他们将会在石油到底上去 。
“the government says everything is fine , ” said aleksandra volgina , 31 , the leader of candle , a russian aids organization based in st . petersburg .	" 政府表示 , 政府每一件事都是很好的 , " 阿尔基斯坦的 , 阿尔基斯坦 , 31 , 31 , 31 , 俄罗斯援助组织的领导人 , 俄罗斯援助组织的领导人 。 "
“we have discovered that no class of drugs had been spared , ” said aline plançon , the head of interpol’s counterfeit drug department . “it’s not just primary medicines .	" 我们发现 , 没有任何药物 , " 阿尔顿说 , " 一个线性植物园 , 接受药物的头部的头部 , " 这是不仅仅是医学的 。 "
the mycelium biomass of trichoderma koniggi tr6 and saccharomyces cerevisiae cb2 were found to has a good linear relation with the content of ergosterine .	三氯马逊的生物物物物物物物物物物质和三氯胺含量的含量有较好的线性关系 。
to determine the rate of cd4 testing completion , we reviewed the records of all clinic patients who tested positive for hiv between january 2008 and february 2009 .	为了确定cd4测试结果 , 为2008年1月28日 , 为了确定cd4测试结果 , 为了确定所有临床患者的所有临床记录 。
taking an accurate census in china is a difficult task with the millions of migrant workers who've left their official addresses in the countryside for opportunities in the cities .	为了在中国的一个准确的现象 , 中国是一个困难的任务 , 数百万名的工人员在城市的机会上 , 为了在全国的机会的机会上 , 是一个困难的任务 。
based on the communication control system of metro vehicles in shenzhen metro phase 1 , this paper presents the realization principle and the application method in actual operation of trb mode .	基于深圳电子车辆通信控制系统的通信控制系统的通信控制系统 , 提出了在trb模式实际运行中的实现原理和应用方法 。
the improved malachite green method utilizes the malachite green dye and molybdate , which forms a stable colored complex specifically with inorganic phosphate .	提高了改进的机械绿色方法 , 利用机械绿色的绿色绿色体体和生成 , 形成了一种稳定的色彩复杂的复合物 , 特别是有机磷酸酯 。
the total length of 80page paper , over 120 doctorate awarded by the school committee determined to be plagiarism , twothirds did not indicate the bibliography .	80页的总长度在120个学校委员会上 , 学校委员会的总成长度上 , 两分之二的三分之一并没有指示生物学的生物长度 。
children fathered by older men are likely to be less intelligent than the offspring of younger dads , australian and us scientists have found in a report published yesterday .	据悉 , 老年男性的孩子们可能比年轻的爸、澳大利亚、澳大利亚和美国科学家和美国科学家们在昨天发布的报告中发现 , 这些孩子们可能比年轻的智能更少 。
apply the established evaluation criteria number system to research the ride feature of wmtc test cycle and the difference with ftp , ece etc emission test cycle .	应用建立了建立的评估方法 , 探讨了wtmc测试周期和ftp、ece等试验周期的危险特征 , 探讨了wtmtc测试循环的风险特征和不同的特点 。
eileen chang' s original is possessed of female narrative , it is decided by the writer' s sex and demonstrates that female deconstruct masculinist .	埃利芬的原始性是女性名称的女性名字 , 这是由英国女性名字的性和示威 , 女性决定的女性决定的 , 女性决定是女性的 。
the mechanism , parameter design and application of a new type of high frequency electromagnetic antiscaling equipment based on frequency scanning technique are discussed .	讨论了一种基于频率扫描技术的高频电磁抗震设备的机理、参数设计、参数设计和应用 。
as a source , we can find the clear humanism moulage from baixianyong's personal life experience , religious emotion and the influence over chinese and foreign literature legacy .	作为一种来源 , 我们可以从巴西人类生活经验、宗教、宗教情感和外国文学协会的影响 。
radiographic examination in experimental group showed much callus than that in control group . after 4 weeks , gross observation showed large amount of new bone trabeculae in two groups .	实验组的辐射检查显示 , 经过4周之后 , 粒子观察显示 , 两组组组中有大量的新骨髓病毒检查显示 。
" all the foul stuff from the latrines and all the rubbish thrown down the chute accumulate and compost , as in a septic tank , " wallacehadrill said .	" 所有的流体状况都从湖南 , 所有的俄罗布拉伯里说: " 所有的运行都从湖南 , 所有的地方都在一条海啸上下降 , 就像一样 , " 阿拉德拉德里说 。 "
the 50 l novel bioreactor named as fus 50l was designed and the data acquisition system for both pilot and production scales was developed according to the proposed principle .	根据建议的建议 , 根据建议的原理 , 建立了50l-l-2l节点生物反应器 。
intake was calculated using the nutrition data system for research version 2007 , and consumption was monitored using diet diaries and by measuring the weights of the returned pistachios .	通过对2007年的研究版本数据系统进行计算 , 通过测试 , 测定了用糖尿病的重量数据系统的测定 , 通过测定了回收管管道的重量数据系统 。
other universal banks have much lower shares , according to data from scorpio partnership , a consultancy , with private banking at hsbc making up only 6 percent of profit .	根据sssssbc在hssssssssssssssbc只有6%的sssssssssssssssssssbc的其他大学银行 , 其他的大学银行股权只有6% 。
according to popsugar , we will get to see john mayer and jennifer aniston walk the red carpet together at the oscars this sunday , february 22nd .	根据足球 , 今天 , 今天 , 今天2月22月222日 , 今天 , 我们将会见到约翰逊和杰尼特·阿森森纳 , 阿森纳·阿森纳·安德森森森纳在一起 , 星期二月222222222日 , 英镑 。
then the two corresponding communicational tendencies , highcontext and lowcontext communications , are put forward , which exert great influence on interpreting activity .	然后 , 提出了两种相应的通信趋势、高指标和低指标通信 , 提出了对解释活动的影响 。
piano and cello are given equal roles in the sonata in a , a break with the 18thcentury format of a piano sonata accompanied by an instrumental obbligato .	钢琴和clololos在南塔塔的一起 , 与18世纪的18世纪的18世纪和18世纪的18世纪的钢琴和cloellos在一座建筑物馆的角色相当 。
brilliant , iconoclastic , and witty , he had won election in traditionally republican arizona and had succeeded as an activist , progressive governor .	布拉利亚 , 布拉利亚 , 布拉利亚 , 和维特特利亚 , 他在传统的共和党党中赢得了选举 , 并成功作为活动主义者 , 进步的政府 。
koller was impressed , thought it likely to be useful in eye operations and two months later tried it out , first on animals and then on his own eyes with complete success .	koller表达了印象 , 尽管它可能在眼操作和两个月后 , 两个月后 , 第一次动物 , 第一次动物 , 然后他自己的眼睛都是很有用的 。
the diagnostic value of p300 in diabetic encephalopathy was evaluated . methods erp were tested in 50 type 2 diabetic patients and 30 healthy control group .	探讨了p300对照组的诊断价值 , 方法对50型2型2型2-2型糖尿病患者和30例健康控制组的诊断价值进行评估 。
thus it threw shadows of these obscure and homely figures every evening with as much care over each contour as if it had been the profile of a court beauty on a palace wall ;	因此 , 事实上 , 事实上 , 事实上 , 事实上 , 事实上 , 事实上 , 事实上 , 事实上 , 事实上 , 事实上 , 事实上 , 事实上 , 事实上 , 事实上 , 事实上 , 事实上 , 事实上 , 事实上 , 每
by analyzing the basic characteristics of nonvesseloperating carrier , the paper confers its identification and its limitation of liability for maritime claims and its lien on cargo and so on .	通过分析了非速度运动器的基本特点 , 提出了它的识别及其在卡车上存在的可靠性 , 探讨了非速度运动器的基本特点 。
when i went with my second brother to ahmedabad , some enthusiastic friend of mine took me by surprise by printing and publishing it and sending me a copy .	当我和第二个兄弟时 , 我和第二个兄弟一起 , 一些热情的朋友 , 把我的朋友送给我 。
when an enterprise submits an enterprise income tax return , the financial statements and other related materials shall be attached in accordance with the related provisions .	根据相关证明 , 企业收入税、财务状况、财务状况及其它相关材料 , 应当根据相关证据相关规定 。
these indicate that hd is closely related to cmv infection . cmv infection may be an important teratological factor of some congenital malformations including hd .	这些研究表明 , hds密切与cmv感染相关 , cmvv感染可能是一个重要的物理因素 。
several studies have shown that low and middle level executives show many stress symptoms , like ulcers , high blood pressure , tension , burnout and so on .	几个研究显示 , 低和中级执行官显示很多应力症状 , 如肺压、高血压、高血压、血压、血压、张张力等 。
california natural chicken & brown rice dry cat and kitten food is made with only five pure & simple ingredients to meet the needs of your special cat .	加利福尼亚自然鸡和棕色的鸡蛋干燥蛋糕 , 只有五个纯净的食物 , 只有五个纯净的食物 , 只有五个纯净和简单的食物 。
this piece nominated the award of berlin jin xiong 1999 , but defeated the red of " of american excellent movie with powerful actual strength finally cautionary " .	这张照片提醒了19999年的柏林金林金山奖颁奖奖奖奖奖 , 但在美国最后一次举办了 " 美洲优秀的电影 " 的电影 " 。
preliminary computations indicate that the model demonstrate rather higher skill of predictions , it shows perspective of realizable approach to forecast shortterm regional climate .	初步计算表明 , 模型显示了预测预测的高速技能 , 实现了预测短期地区气候的可行的方法 。
the antiwar groundswell brought out thousands of counter demonstrators , including 2 , 000 who gathered outside the state capitol in mississippi .	反恐地球周围 , 几千个数千个数千个数千人 , 包括2 , 000000人在米斯基斯卡萨斯州外 , 包括2 , 000人在米斯基斯特拉斯加州外的州立场所 。
the shandong provincial quality control and inspecting center for bearings is located in the factory taking up the task of quality inspecting and arbitrament of the province's bearing products .	本厂位于工厂的质量控制和检查中心 , 本厂位于工厂的质量检查和检查中心 。
the full text of the treaty to be enshrined in the egyptian hieroglyphs temple of karnak at thebes and the temple of ramses the wall .	整个治疗的全文文本 , 将在埃及的埃及的埃及的埃及蒂比亚的埃及斯坦教育庙和拉姆斯堡的寺庙 。
according to the design of spillway dam on arch dam in wanjiagou reservoir , this paper elaborates special problems and solving method of spillway dam in design and construction .	根据wanjejajejejedam的设计 , 阐述了wanjejejedam在wanjejejejejejejejejejejejejejarmsdam设计的设计和解决方法 , 建筑方法 。
credible dynamic parameters of dam materials obtained from indoor tests are the key to the accuracy of dynamical analysis for earthrock dam .	可行的动态动态参数 , 得到了大坝材料的动态动力学参数 , 是地球测试的关键 。
still , i haven't yet had enough experience to determine if the android market is an adequate substitute for the apple app store , or to explore many of the features and apps .	然而 , 我还没有足够的经验 , 要确定和roid市场是苹果苹果苹果商店的一个代理子 , 或者探讨许多特点和应用程序 。
the paper has studied into the hydraulic system of two cylinders synchronization and accurate orientation , then designed the synchronized system that could meet the requirement .	文章研究了两种循环信号系统的液压系统 , 探讨了两个循环信号系统的液压系统的液压系统 , 然后设计了合成系统的同步化系统 , 使得系统能够满足需要的要求 。
the index's annualized growth rate remained unchanged at negative 23 . 9 percent , with the previous week's figure revised higher from negative 24 . 1 percent .	指数指数的年龄增长率仍然在负面23.9% , 随着前周前的周末 , 预防周前 , 预防周前 , 预防周前 , 下降24.1% 。
applied to cotton , linen , silk , wool , cashmere , synthetic fiber , blended , underwear and infants , and other types of clothing and cleaning .	适用于棉、丝绸、毛巾、衣服、衣服、衣服、衣服、衣服、衣服、衣服、衣服、衣服、衣服等类型 。
finally , an organization framework of multiscale spatiotemporal data is proposed to facilitate the data access based on the characteristic of multispatialscale data .	最后 , 提出了一种基于多空间数据的组织框架 , 建立了基于多空间数据的数据访问数据的数据访问数据的数据访问 。
in order to search and solve the adsl line fault when the user accesses the net , we introduce one kind adsl fault detect i ng instrument in this thesis .	为了搜索和解决用户访问网络时 , 为了搜索和解决asl线路线路线故障的时候 , 介绍了一类类slsl的slsl故障检测我在此基础上 。
after the equilibrium of fast exchange process is reached , the slow exchange process can be treated as pseudosingle exchange center system by means of the differential kinetic equation .	经过快速交换过程的平衡 , 可以通过不同型动力学方程的动力学方程实现慢交换过程 。
the topography is from digital elevation data collected by the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite .	图形是由于数字v数据收集的数字vs数据收集的 , 通过先进的空间空间空间发射和反射辐射辐射器在nasasasasasssssssssssa的数字发射器 。
the invention discloses a shutter type environmental wind guiding device of an air cooling island of a power plant , belonging to the technical field of energy power .	本发明公开了一种新型的环境风指导设备的空气冷却装置 , 属于能源电源技术领域的技术领域 。
hehui is a kind of temporary mutual aid of old times to circulate necessary funds . it was always organized among the kin's and neighborhood .	河北是一种古代的多样性 , 是一种古代的多样性的多样性 , 它总是在肯林和邻居之间 。
objective:to investigate the surgical indications , operational methods and clinical applications of modified hysterectomy within the tunica vaginalis by using celioscope .	目的:探讨目的:探讨手术指标、操作方法及临床应用方法及临床应用 。
under root's guidance , the renamed colt patent firearms manufacturing company hired talented mechanics and engineers who continued the innovations colt had begun .	根据root的指导下 , 由于root的指导下 , 重组咖啡专业制造公司专业制造公司的公司雇佣了公司的机械机械和工程师 , 继续创新煤煤煤煤煤煤矿公司已经开始 。
the 19ye arold is a regular for his country's under20 te am and was a key performer in liverpool's second string landing the le ague title last season .	19岁的19yrold是一项规则 , 他的国家在利物浦第二个赛季中 , 是利物浦第二场比赛的一个关键表演员 , 最后一场比赛 。
the tundra extends endlessly , all leached out colours , smudgy greens and browns , merging with the sky into a distant greyblue nothingness .	无论如此 , 所有的颜色 , 云绿色和棕色 , 与天空的天空与天空之间的天空 , 与天空的绿色蓝色的东西 。
the gymnasium complex is part of the massive sports facilities that were built by the chinese for the 2008 summer olympic games in beijing and surrounding areas .	gymnasums是中国在北京和周围地区的最大体育运动设施的一部分之一 。
but mr . khan was vexed by the striking inequalities — the new hummers cruising by endless shantytowns — and the growing rumblings of tribal politics .	然而 , 韩汉先生被严格的严格性质的增长 , 新农民在未来的金属金融危机的新农民们的新农民在未来的金融危机中 , 增长了试验政治的发展 。
the u . n . 's food security analysis unit and a famine warning project known as fewsnet say the famine in southern somalia is growing worse .	美国食品安全分析机构的美国 , 美国的食物安全分析机构和一项严峻的警告项目称 , 南方社会媒体的污染项目称 , 南方的污染项目在南方社会上增长 。
the focus on a reduced footprint implementation of eobject is also noteworthy , with some clients using it to achieve more than 60percent reduction in footprint .	关注在减少ebjct的重点印刷实现 , 同时 , 使用一些客户使用它来实现60% , 达到60%的重点减少 。
glaciers in the french alps have lost a quarter of their area in the past four decades , according to research by scientists at the university of savoie , the bbc said .	据科学家sbbc说 , 法国基斯坦大学的科学家的科学家glacicicicisssser在法国的大学研究中说 , 法国alps已经失去了一分之一 。
knowing the basics of populations , sampling , and statistical significance will help you to understand what's possible , and to better understand and interpret what the results mean .	为了解人口的基本性、样品、样品和统计意义的基本意义 , 将帮助你理解这些可能的可能性 , 更好理解和解这些结果的意义 。
german crown prince . the son of emperor william ii , he commanded troops in the battle of verdun and renounced the crown at the close of world war i .	德国克朗王子 , 皇帝的儿子 , 他命命令在德国的德国王子里 , 并在战争中恢复了世界战争的战争中 , 全球战争的冠军 。
web page has to show a large number of realtime data in computeruser interface of a bridge health monitoring system based on b/s model , result in frequently updating pages .	网页页页必须为基于bs/s模型的基于bs/s/s模型的实时数据显示一个大量的实时数据的实时数据 。
the new site concrete exposed surfaces , timely with plastic and heat preservation material covered in ( hscmt condition maintenance , concrete shall not watering .	新站点混凝土表面 , 随着塑料和热保护材料的塑料和防热材料覆盖 , 如ssssssscmmt条件、混凝土维护、混凝土保护、混凝土、混凝土不应该不能水 。
on 9/2/02 in our local paper , there was an article by tony pugh of the knightridder newspapers entitled " doctors closing the door to drug salespeople . "	在9/2/0222中 , 我们的地方纸上 , 还有一篇文章 , 是一篇文章的一篇文章 。
our former striker mikael forssell reminded us what he can do inside the opening quarter of an hour , and bruce was delighted to have him back leading the birmingham line .	我们的前锋迈克尔·迈克尔·迈克尔斯为我们提醒了他在开场的几个小时 , 并且巴基斯坦在一小时候 , 他的前锋的前锋队员迈克尔·迈克尔·迈克尔尔尔尔尔尔尔尔尔尔尔尔尔尔斯特尔斯特尔斯特尔斯特尔尔德尔斯特尔尔斯
the press takes use of advanced twoway cartridge valve system and imported electric pump technology which can realize double closed loop control of pressure and flow rate .	预防 , 采用先进的车辆系统 , 进口电泵泵泵泵泵泵泵泵技术 , 实现了压力和流量控制的压力控制 。
design and configuration process about the control system of a mechanical arm are introduced based on mcgs configuration software and siemens s7 200 series programmable logic controller ;	介绍了基于mcg配置软件和sems7200系列可编程逻辑控制器的设计和配置过程和配置过程 。
insulin secretion from the beta cells in the part of the pancreas called the islets of langerhan is a complicated process , which if it fails to work properly induces diabetes .	胰岛素分泌是一种复杂的过程 , 如果它失败了糖尿病的蛋白质 , 胰岛素是一种复杂的过程 。
grand buddha at ling shan the grand buddha at ling shan situated in the small ling shan area in the south of the maji mountain , wuxi , jiangsu province .	英国小山西南部 , 孟加沙上海 , 位于湖南小山西南部 , 武汉 , 江西 , 江西 , 江西省 。
that is why i select " citizenship education in american schools " as my research field . both the research methods of literature gathering and comparing have been adopted in the thesis .	这是为什么我选择 " 民族教育教育 " 作为我国研究领域 " 的研究领域 , 两者都采用文学合作和比较 , 比较了对比 。
on christmas day , the miami heat and dwyane wade will take on the cleveland cavaliers and lebron james in a matchup of two of the best young players in the league .	在圣诞节日 , 米米米兰热和日本德德将在圣诞节的圣诞节和布朗·詹姆斯在两场比赛中 , 两场比赛中最好的球员 。
this is why web designers , and their close cousins , banner , header and footer designers , can charge up to $50 for one good web page header , and more for a complete set .	这是为什么web设计师 , 以及它们的衣服 , 头部设计师、头部设计师 , 可以挑战50美元的网页页页页页面 , 更为完整的 。
the paper got across the study about isokinetic technique applying conditions and resolving problem , and provided reference which can made isokinetic technique apply in martial art .	文章通过对药物技术的研究 , 探讨了药物技术的应用条件和解决问题 , 给出了药物技术的参考 。
currently , the value of human capital in enterprises is mostly measured from accounting perspective , and the specialized in assessment of management humancapital is rare .	目前 , 目前 , 企业资本价值主要是从会计视角度测量人类资本价值 , 以及管理人类资本的特殊评估 , 管理人类资本的资本价值也比较 。
the algorithm presented in this paper incorporates the trust region method into the restricted simplicial decomposition algorithm to solve the master problem of rsd .	提出了基于该算法的算法 , 探讨了信任区域的信任区方法 , 提出了解决rds的最大误差的最大问题 。
portsmouth are the cook islands , or whatever pacific islands are most threatened by global warming . they are sinking fast , soon to disappear without trace .	葡萄牙是烹饪土地 , 或是如此 , 大多数是由全球战争的 , 它们很快就不会失败 , 所以 , 很快就不会失败 。
shenzhen yirui electronic technology co . , ltd . is a professional led manufacturer in r&d , production , sales and services which founded in 2006 .	深圳铁矿电子技术有限公司是一家专业生产厂、生产、销售、销售、销售、销售、销售、销售、销售、销售和服务 。
rio ferdinand will miss middlesbrough's visit to old trafford on monday after suffering a back spasm in the warmup at the britannia stadium .	富纳德森纳将在周一 , 今天 , 英格兰尼亚大利亚大使中场将会导致中场的中场比赛 , 今天 , 比赛中场比赛的比赛中场比赛 。
van gogh painted 'patch of grass' in 1887 in paris and it hangs in the krollermuller museum in the dutch eastern city of otterlo .	1887年 , 谷歌画了 " 谷歌画 " 的 " 图书馆 " 的187年 , 巴黎 " 和 " 罗里斯 " 的博物馆 " 之间 , 王星 " 的博物馆里 。
the goal of this study was to determine the acute effects of decaffeinated coffee , chlorogenic acid , and trigonelline on glucose tolerance in 15 overweight men .	本研究目的目标是为了确定减肥咖啡、氯基因酸、氯基因酸、氯基因酸、氯基因酸、丙烯酸、丙烯酸、丙烯酸、丙烯酸、丙烯酸、丙烯酸、丙烯酸的目标 。
from a practical viewpoint , consumers value poultry welfare , so better market access may be obtained by producers who ensure good welfare in their flocks .	从实际观点来看 , 消费者的价值得到了更好的市场访问 , 因此 , 更好的市场访问可能是由于他们的流动而获得的 。
mr . greenspan maintains that the development of china and other factors fostered low rates around the globe and not just in the u . s . contributing to a housing boom that was worldwide .	绿色spheran先生认为 , 中国和其他因素在全球各地的发展中 , 不仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅在美国的房间买到了一个房子 。
based on an analysis of industrial cluster this paper defines the industrial cluster a new kind of organization mode of spatial economy that is different from market and hierarchy system .	基于工业集群的分析 , 提出了工业集群的工业集群 , 确定了工业集群集群集群的一种新型的空间经济模式 , 是从市场和层次系统中不同的 。
now folds the lily all her sweetness up , and slips into the bosom of the lake: so fold thyself , my dearest , thou , and slip into my bosom and be lost in me .	现在 , 老师们所有的甜蜜 , 慢慢慢慢慢慢地把湖泊的身体 , 所以那么老的 , 所以我最亲自 , 我的身体 , 最亲爱的 , 然后把我的身体放在我身上 。
thus mr specter’s move will both increase mr obama’s chances of getting his domestic agenda through congress and boost his ability to put liberals in the courts .	因此 , 弗雷斯先生的运动将会增加奥巴马的机会 , 通过国会 , 通过国会和他在法院的能力 , 提高自己的能力 。
this year xinran arranged for me to meet a maker of paper lanterns who had the same thing happen to him during a more recent clearance round nanjing’s confucius temple .	今年xinininininininininininininininininininininininininininininininininininininininininininininininininininininininransalalasalasalasaretarterterterterterterterterterternontononononononont
those beautiful promises , those sweet smiles on the photos , which are as warm as the sunshine , in turn slowly freeze the curve in the middle of my right hand .	这些美丽的承诺 , 这些甜甜笑在照片上 , 正如温暖的阳光 , 在我手手中 , 慢慢慢慢慢慢慢慢地把那个小手放在那里 。
priority reverse is a kind of phenomenon that the higher priority task is blocked by the lower priority task since they are using the same share sources in real time system .	原始反应是一种一种现象 , 更高的任务的任务是由于他们使用相同的股份来源 , 由于它们使用相同的资源系统中使用相同的资源来源 。
by the model , the contour error vectors were computed with tool position points from the interpolator of computer numerical control and position tracking errors of servo systems .	通过模型 , 计算了rror矢量矢量矢量矢量矢量的计算机数控和位置控制器的连接点 , 计算了servo系统的连接点 。
it realized rational general layout in narrow area by making use of abandoned excavated materials and overall construction site allocation in longtan hydropower station .	它实现了纳米兰地区的理性层面 , 由于制作了扩展材料和全面建筑站的理性层面 , 实现了长期水平稳定的理性层面 。
strengthen the practice teaching , pay attention to the thought and the capacity of innovation of the students culturing , and it gets manifest achievement .	加强实践教学 , 注意到思想和学生文化的创新能力 , 提高了学生文化的实践 , 得到了完善的成果 。
these temperature shifts are heavily influenced by entirely natural ocean cycle fluctuations that affect heat transfer patterns from the tropics .	这些温度抑制是由整个天然海洋周期流动的影响 , 影响影响影响影响影响影响热转移模式的热转移模式 。
wang fuzhi's interpretation undoubtedly degraded zhuang zi's xiaoyao from the realm of heaven and earth to confucian humanity concernment .	王家的解释表示 , 于是从天堂和地球的实际上 , 为了使得人类关心的解释 。
these greater concentrations have the unfortunate side effect of making blue tiberium highly volatile and explosive , making harvesting the crystals extremely dangerous .	这些伟大的浓度对蓝虎的不良作用和爆炸作用的影响 , 使得越来越来越危险 。
the company handles image processing for other wedding photographers and also teaches them to use lightroom 2 efficiently so they can save time and money processing smaller jobs themselves .	公司的手工图像处理其他婚姻照片 , 同时也教学它们使用光室2 , 因此它们可以满足时间和赚钱的时间来保持时间和赚钱的时间 。
the prescription of the tissue culture of petunie hybrida and the dna level of phenotypic variation seed lings produced by tissue were discussed .	讨论了石油桥组织培养的前提 , 探讨了组织组织培养的组织培养及其dna水平的dna水平 。
its university , founded in 575 , was a noted center for the study of theology , science , and medicine in the 7th and 8th centuries . population , 04 , 2' .	它的大学在575年 , 是一项关于理论、科学、科学和医学中心的研究中心 , 医学和8世纪 , 人口04岁 , 04岁 , 04岁 。
a phase i clinical trial has shown that miv210 administered to healthy volunteers has a very good oral bioavailability and achieves high blood plasma levels .	我的临床试验表明 , 微波210管理到健康志愿者具有很好的生物可用性和实现高血浆平衡水平 。
the correlation of ratooning rate to the yield relating characters of main crop and ratoon crop in rice was studied with 30 different types of rice varieties and hybrids .	研究了以30种稻稻稻稻稻稻稻稻稻稻稻稻稻稻稻稻稻稻稻稻稻稻稻稻稻的相关性及其相关性 。
local codimension two bifurcation of maps , associated with hopfpitchfork case , is analyzed using the center manifold theorem and normal form method of maps .	用中心理论和正常形式分析了两种图像的地方编码模式 , 分析了采用中心图理论和正常形式的方法 。
bank staff involved in indonesia’s tsunami recovery say governmentled plan , communitybased reconstruction are critical in natural disaster response .	银行员工涉及在印度的tsami恢复说 , 政府计划 , 社区建设在自然灾难反应的基础设施 , 是自然灾难反应的关键 。
“he was my only son , ” said ma xiangqian’s father , ma zishan , a struggling farmer of landscape plants and trees grown for use in the bustling cities .	" 他是我唯一的儿子 , " 马克斯的父亲 , 朱利亚 , 是一家建筑的景观植物和树林生长在建筑城市使用 。 "
use the index or primary key field to select the key columns that the q apply program uses to identify replicated rows and correctly order transactions .	使用指标或主要关键字段来选择ql应用程序的关键列表 , 可以使用sql应用程序的关键列表 , 然后使用sql程序来识别相应的浏览和正确的命令 。
but the great souls having taken refuge of the divine nature , o arjuna , render devotional service unto me with undeviated mind knowing me as the imperishable origin of all creation .	然而 , 伟大的灵魂使我带来了自然 , 阿吉亚 , 阿吉亚 , 重新解决服务 , 直到我不能认识到我所知的创造的原因 。
late at night , the international atomic energy agency announced that japan had added a third plant to the list because radiation had been detected outside its walls .	晚些时候 , 国际原子能源机构宣布 , 日本已经加入了第三项计划 , 因为辐射被检测到它的墙壁 。
he proposed " the situation " is not only thinking of the late ming zun situation of an important stage in development , but also of his literary activities of the theoretical basis .	他建议 " 这个情况 " 的不仅是 " 晚期 " 的思想 , 也是理论基础上的重要阶段 , 还是他的文学活动的文学活动 。
yanov chomsky pointed out that the diversification of gas supply also increased , which will enable the implementation of natural gas exports have become more flexible .	yanovvvchskyky指出 , 气体供应也增加了气体供应的多样性 , 将会使天然气体出口的实现更加灵活 。
although the traditional is easy for installation and operation , but because of the limited capacity , it can not satisfy the requirement of large scale foam project .	虽然传统的传统是很容易安装和操作 , 但因为有限的能力不能满足大规模的大规模fam项目的要求 。
instead of letting his star player force a move , ferguson reminded rooney who was boss a lesson learned long ago by cantona , roy keane and david beckham .	相反 , 让他的恒星球员 , 弗格森提醒了罗森在加拿大了一场比赛中 , 希拉顿 , 罗斯和达维克斯基斯坦和达维克斯坦姆的球员 。
as for john f . and robert f . kennedy — the story ends in 1969 , and teddy is nowhere to be seen — the kennedys presents them as men of deep integrity .	1969年 , 约翰n和罗伯特·罗伯特和罗伯特·罗伯特的故事结束在1969年 , 现在 , 菲尔迪现在正在看到 , 现在 , 目前 , 现在 , 现在 , 肯尼尔夫人在这里看到了他们的孩子里 , 现在 , 现在 , 孩子们的孩子们都是
jesus offered himself as a sacrificial being before heaven for the sake of the one will , without pursuing his own happiness but for the benefit of humankind on the earth .	耶稣提供自己作为安全的好处 , 为了在天堂之前 , 不要追求自己的幸福 , 但对于地球上有利于人类的幸福 。
then , can social responsibility help increase customers'satisfaction ? if so , what is the mechanism and how important is it ? this research is to answer these questions .	然后 , 社会责任帮助增加客户的威胁吗 ? 如果是什么机制 , 是什么是机制 , 这项研究是如何回答这些问题呢 ?
litchfield said that he warned oracle of the problem in november , hoping that the company would fix the flaw when it issued a group of quarterly security patches in january .	李克菲尔德表示 , 他警告了问题的问题 , 希望公司将在一月份发布一组季度安全支付 。
a bit . instead of a few hundred thousand , as he initially suggested , the gateses are going with 10% of their wealth . so . . . more like hundreds of millions .	同时 , 大家的一家伙伴们说 , 最初 , 盖茨在他们的财富上涨10% , 所以 , 因此 , 比如数百万 。
hugh hefner , the 84yearold " playboy " magazine founder , said he is considering marrying girlfriend crystal harris , aged 24 , the us media reported .	英国媒体报道 , 美国媒体媒体媒体报道 , 美国媒体媒体媒体报道 , 84岁的 " 玩家 " , 马格扎西·赫赫赫赫尔·赫尔·赫特·赫尔特·赫尔纳纳纳纳纳纳纳纳纳尔说 。
after constructing the model of motion of the target and the kinetic kill vehicle , constraints of interception were analyzed and the computing method of orbit transfer was also derived .	通过建立目标的运动模型 , 建立了目标和目标钻井的动力学钻井模型 , 并对轨道转移的计算方法进行了分析 , 提出了对比 。
jinan is also famous for the spring city . the abundant groundwater of mount tai flows down the north , spews in the urban areas and forms numerous springs .	江南还是为春城市 , 山北部 , 城市城市地区和形成许多春天 。
twoeyes , however , made them welcome , and was kind to them , and took care of them , so that they both with all their hearts repented the evil that they had done their sister in their youth .	然而 , 两年 , 欢迎他们 , 欢迎他们的欢迎 , 好像他们的心里 , 所以 , 所以他们的心中所有的心里都有自己的妹妹 。
people believe that the number is useful when they are in danger,such as in the valley or in the mountain area . even through the signal is very bad , the police could know where you are .	人们相信 , 数字在危险时 , 数字有用 , 即使在山谷或山谷 , 即使在信号区 , 信号是很坏的 , 警察可以知道你们的 。
in day after day to repeat life , we use own small head fit many concept , significance , formula... but that is filled with pain and tears behind too much fun and laughter .	今天 , 回复生活后 , 我们使用自己的小头 , 很少的概念 , 意义 , 意义 , 形式......但是 , 还有疼痛和泪水 。
the point , buffett repeats in all his appearances in china , is that by quitting stanford and trying to make a go of it in music , he was doing the same thing his father did .	目前 , 巴菲菲菲菲菲特在中国所有的一切展示 , 是因为他在音乐上做的 , 试图让他在音乐中做出一个同样的事情 , 他正在做同样的事 。
the values may be different depending on the manufacturer of the wire and the ambient temperature , so we recommend you recalculate the values based on your particular requirements .	价值可能是不同的依赖于wre和组合温度的制造商 , 因此 , 因此我们建议基于你的特定要求的价值计算了基于特别要求的价值 。
the smoke screen that may absorb and scatter infrared , heavily attenuates energy of guidance head , and then will reduce the probability of missile shooting .	烟雾屏幕 , 可能吸收器和扫描装置 , 重点注意指导头的能量 , 然后减少错误的可能性 。
this paper is focus on small set character recognition . based on skeleton graphics , handwriting chinese character is defined as a set of isolated branch , isolated loop and component . relation...	本文重点讨论了基于keleleton图形的小组识别 , 基于skeleleleton图形、手写中文字字符串作为一个分辨的分辨分辨分布、分辨、分辨和组件 。
he is seen as an important figure who made great contribution to modern art , a pioneer on the path of painting practice , and a pilot due to his intelligent painting theory .	他看起来是一项重要的图片 , 由于他的智能绘画理论的画法理论 , 由于他的智能绘画理论 。
wang yuquan , a chief consultant at frost and sullivan in beijing , told ap that the announcement is a subtle warning to skype not to grow too large .	王安亚 , 北京的首席顾问 , 北京的北京 , 说 , 宣布 , 宣布 , 是一场争吵的战争 , 天空不会继续增长 。
instead , while hong kong is feeling the heat of competition from china , its economy is thriving having just experienced its fastest three years of growth since the late 1980s .	相反 , 香港正在感受中国的竞争 , 经济正在为了在1980年以来最快的三年以来 , 香港正在感受到中国竞争的战争 。
this paper discusses causation and preventing measure of settlement difference in high and low stride building , and points out characteristic and feasibility to use cincture constructing later .	本文讨论了高速建筑的原因和预防措施 , 探讨了高速建筑的原因及可行性和可行性和可行性和可行性和可行性 。
'i don't see anything changing in the next two or three years , ' said john deal , a 50yearold individual investor who works in walnut creek , calif .	" 我不看到 , 下来两年 , " 约翰·德尔说 , " 约翰·德尔德说 , " 我不会看到任何事情 , " 约翰·德里斯说 , " 50岁的个人投资者在walk上工作 。
he is the greatest teacher i have ever seen . he is able , without visible effort , to make a lecture to students seem like an intimate , socratic dialogue .	他是最伟大的老师 , 我已经看到了 , 他不能看到 , 没有可能的努力 , 为了让学生看起来像一个刺激、解决方向 。
scream 4 offers little more than a group of familiar characters wandering around a horror movie setting and uttering selfreferential oneliners as the body count mounts .	sream4提供了一组熟悉的字符串 , 围绕了一组希拉维电影设置和输出自我参与自我参与者的一线电视台 。
another problem with the statement that the more televised governmental proceedings , the better , is that it assumes that people actually watch the proceedings when they are broadcast .	另外一个问题是 , 越来越多的电视政府生产的另一个问题 , 更好的是 , 更好的是 , 人们在广播时 , 人们实际上看到了他们的预测 。
until 24 february , when the us air force awarded the kcx contest to boeing , eads appeared to have a strong chance of parking its tanker on boeing's lawn .	直到24月24日 , 美国航空军将军队向克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克斯利利利利利利利利利利利利利利利利
some are masters of new or traditional media ; some are religious leaders , and a few are top officials of those governments that do have the ability to project their influence globally .	有些人是新或传统媒体 , 有些宗教领袖 , 有些宗教领袖 , 几乎是政府官员 , 这些政府的能力对他们的影响都有影响 。
the architects recommend careful use of express bus rapid transit—the cheapest public transportation option—and increased capacity for bicyclists and pedestrians .	建筑建筑建筑建筑师建立了充分利用表达式快速传输 , 适应公共运输方案的公共运输方案 , 增加了生存和平衡人员的能力 。
for example , an older system might store the term " dog " with a broader term of " mammal " and narrower terms of " dachshund " or " bulldog . "	例如 , 老年系统可能会停止 " 狗 " 的 " 狗 " 的 " 狗 " 和 " 大脑 " 和 " 大脑 " 的 " 数字 " 和名字 " 和 " 黑猩猩猩猩猩猩猩猩猩 " 。
in ding zhuren eyes , wuxi ming is tall , handsome youth , talk funny , work carefully , to accept strong , quick thinking , practical work hard .	在舞台中 , 王晓先生是高盛的 , 手工 , 技能 , 技巧 , 工作工作 , 为了接受强烈、快速思想、实践努力的思想、实践努力 。
in addition , connection strings constructed at run time from unvalidated user input can lead to string injection attacks , jeopardizing security at the data source .	此外 , 连接字符串在运行时 , 从不确定的用户输入输入输入时可导致注射攻击 , jopopopardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardzssssssssssssssssssss在数据源中执行
as the debate continues , mr donkin needs to grapple with the fact that , particularly in america , ordinary people have seen their incomes stagnate since the 1970s .	由于1970年以来 , 唐宁先生需要与事实上 , 特别是在美国 , 特别是在美国 , 特别是在美国 , 普通人看到他们的收入已经看到了他们的收入 。
i felt extremely welcomed into your friendly school community and am amazed by the dedication of all the studentsit is obviously a very successful school .	我感到非常欢迎您的朋友社区 , 同时 , 所有学生们的学生都是非常成功的学校 。
always , always pay yourself first from your wage , then pay your creditors . in that single act , you are telling the universe that you are worthy and deserving f more .	总是 , 总是 , 总是从你的年龄 , 然后为你的信用者提供信用 。 在那个单个行动中 , 你是告诉你你们是值得更多的 , 更多 。
currently under construction , the mine is estimated to contain a staggering 40 million tons of copper and 46 million ounces of gold and should start operating in 2012 .	目前 , 在建筑下 , 矿井建设的建筑中 , 建立了一套工厂 , 应该在2012年 , 应该运行4000万吨的铜和4600万吨 , 应该在2012年开始运行 。
as a result , de rothschild originally set his launch date for 28 april exactly 62 years to the day when heyerdahl set out on his epic journey across the pacific .	因此 , 死亡的父亲开始在巴黎的时候 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 死亡的原因是在28月28日 , 每天222年 , 至28月62日 , 至22日 , 至今天 , 至22228月62日 , 至28日 , 至222
experiment proved that phagocytic percentage and phagocytic index of celiac macrophage could be increased , transformation of lymphocyte could be increased by xin an grain .	实验证明 , 可提高 , 可通过xinininininininininininininininininininininininininininininininininininininininininininininininininininintttgrat的精确性和算法指标的实验结果 。
he also noted that when looking for solutions to the problems , equal consideration should be given to denuclearizing the korean peninsula and addressing the security concerns of the dprk .	他还注意到 , 在寻找解决问题的时候 , 应该给出相当的考虑 , 应该给出关于koreanpinsululululululululululula和表达dprkrk的安全内容 。
methods:221 patients with depression and 178 normal controls were measured with the family dynamics questionnaire and family environment scalechinese version . results: 1 .	方法::221例患者和178例正常控制 , 测定了家庭动态学问题和家庭动态学问题和家庭环境扫描版本 , 结果:1:1 。
the main business profit is an important index that department in charge , stockholder and user of the statements pay great attention to , its truthfulness is the main task of the auditing work .	主要业务利益是一项重要指标 , 部门、股票和用户的主要指标 , 其实是审计工作的主要任务 。
analysis and explorations are made to the rupture phenomena of te first cross member in sh6700 light bus floor . 3structure improvement plans are put forward on the basis .	通过分析和探讨 , 提出了在shsh67700光线的6700光线的基础上 , 提出了一种分析和探讨和探讨和探索方法 。
the second part analyses the concept , background and current situation of watersaving green space , and makes sure the need and feasibility of watersaving green space development ;	第二部分分析了水空间的概念、背景和目前的情况 , 为了确保水绿空间开发的需要和可行性 ;
by pursuing graduate studies , they can get the chance to be a member of civil servants or political department and get high salary as well as get a higher social status .	通过追求毕业研究 , 它们可以获得更高的民事服务器或政治部门的机会 , 获得更高的社会状态的机会 。
an old well , abandoned wilderness , in the writer's eyes are beautiful , it nourished a few generations of the world lives and depleted the number of trickling effort ?	一个古老的老人 , 写家眼里的眼睛是美丽的 , 没有一代全世界生活的一代 , 还有几代世界生活的世界生活 , 还有一代全球生活的数量呢 ?
for example , a number of research studies found that social science majors had achieved greater managerial success than those who had technical training or preprofessional courses .	例如 , 一项研究研究研究研究研究表明 , 社会科学主要的研究成功比那些有技术训练或预防职业课程的成功更大 。
in 2004 , sh company is facing duple restrictions from the market and bank , which result in the problem of repayment of bank loan , difficulty in raising money and shortage of working capital .	2004年 , sh公司正面临两家公司 , 由于市场和银行 , 结果在银行贷款、银行、银行、银行、银行、银行、银行的问题、困难 , 因此 , 2004年以来 , shsh公司正面临着公司的发展 。
this paper introduces the solution of incomplete separation of waste alkali liquor in the cyclohexane oxidation unit applying coalescence separation through experiment and innovation .	文章介绍了一种采用循环氧化合物分离的方法 , 通过实验和创新和创新方法的方法 , 探讨了该方法的解决方案 。
the recreational corner of the bedroom , black cloth art ground lamp is tiein and coriaceous single person sofa and footrest , arranged the good place of individual have a rest .	卧室的恢复角色 , 黑色的艺术地层是组织和正确的单个人表面和足球单个人表面的单个人表面和足球上 , 分别有一定的地方 。
marion lynette snowden:hope you can build an international jci standard hospital with us , let all mothers and babies in china can get best medical care and on the same steps with the world .	玛丽丝·雪登:希望你可以建立一个国际jci标准医院的国际jcici标准医院 , 让中国的母亲和宝宝宝在世界上都能得到最好的医疗保健和宝贵 。
liverpool are expected to overcome psv eindhoven after chalking up a 30 quarterfinal firstleg lead and that will provide chelsea with the opportunity to finally get even with the merseysiders .	利物浦预计在第一季度第一季度第一次 , 利物浦预计 , 最后 , 利物浦预计将为30季度第一季度最终获得的利物浦 。
the ship auction committee shall be composed of three or five persons , that is , execution officers appointed , as well as auctioneers and surveyors engaged by the maritime court .	船舶委员会委员会由三个或五个人组成 , 执行官员、执行官员、执行官员、教育委员会员会和调查人员的调查人员 。
yago loaned to bari after sergio bernardo almiron , another bianconero left turin to move to bari . it is young spanish player yago silva falque .	尼奥洛斯在阿尔伯纳纳纳纳纳纳纳纳·奥尔顿后 , 另一位巴黎 , 这是年轻的西班牙的球员 , 球员们的球员们的球员 。
the party's sixth plenary of sixteen session made a series of entire and specific arrangements for harmonious culture construction for current and future a period .	党的六十年代 , 六十年代 , 使得了一系列全部和特殊的文化建设 , 为了目前和未来的一段时间建设了一系列全面和特殊的文化建筑 。
to do this , use the find utility to locate and review all files you've accessed or changed during a certain time period today , yesterday , or at any date or segment of time in the past .	为了这样做 , 使用这个发现用户在今天 , 每个文件中使用了找到了找到的应用程序 , 或者在过去的时间内 , 或者在过去的时间内 , 或者在任何日期内使用的数据 。
based on the submarine soft rock supporting engineering in beizao mine of longkou mining corporation , the physical model tests of interaction of usteel support and roadway were carried out .	通过对北京矿业公司的物理模型 , 探讨了用户支持和道路支持工程支持工程的基础上 , 探讨了用户支持和道路的物理模型 。
methods:cell growth and differentiation were analysed by trypan blue dye exclusion test , 7690 xu fluorescein staining and transmission electric microscopy .	方法::通过试验研究 , 用tttpan蓝染色试验、7690u荧光器和传输电镜观察 , 分析了细胞增长和分化 。
objective to inquire into the adsorptivity of hcv rna by the inner surface of machinecollected plasma bags and their tubes which were produced , using pvc as main raw material .	目的探讨hcvrvrnas的吸附性 , 探讨hcvrvrvrnas的吸附性及其在机械表面的内部表面的吸附性及其对照 , 采用pvcvcvcvc的影响 。
the solidification model of twinroller strip casting is established . the solidification process of strip casting is mathematically simulated by using the finite element software .	建立了winrollerip字符串的固定化模型 , 建立了ip字符串捕捉过程的固定过程 , 用有限元软件模拟了ip字符串的固定过程 。
the intellectual property rights for all prizewinning works will belong to the mcu r&d division . works will be published in the special 22st mcu literary prize magazine .	所有零件工具将属于mcr&&d部件的智能性权利 , 工作将在特殊222st文学奖金奖励中发布 。
for example , evaporation from water surface decreased , relative humidity near to the ground surface increased , sunshine hours reduced and wind speed decreased .	例如 , 水表面降低 , 相对湿度下降 , 水表面增加 , 阳光小时减少 , 阳光小时减少和风速度降低 。
it is named after wilbur l . scoville , an american scientist who , in 1912 , developed a test to measure levels of capsaicin , the chemical that creates the heat in chilli .	1912年 , 美国科学家在1912年被称为wilurururle.soville之后 , 美国科学家 , 开发了一项测试 , 开发了一个测试来测试capsapscapsa的化学水平 , 创建在基础上 。
when blood sugar rises to a certain degree , saturated central issue gastric disorder signal . if all the nutrients , to reduce weight a biscuit products .	血糖糖含有一定程度 , 保存中央问题的中央问题 , 如果所有营养物 , 降低了一定的产品 。
and here , through the mere excitement , i rapped heavily , with a cane which i held in my hand , upon that very portion of the brickwork behind which stood the corpse of the wife of my bosom .	在这里 , 我在这里 , 经历了我在我的手中 , 随着我在我的手中 , 大概我在那里 , 大概我身后的砖砖砖里 , 把我的老板的妻子放弃了 。
each one of a person’s ten fingers leaves a distinct impression , and the elasticity of skin makes it all but impossible to leave precisely the same fingerprint impression twice .	每个人都是一个十个手指 , 留下了一个距离的印象 , 皮肤的弹性 , 使皮肤的弹性使皮肤的弹性使得皮肤的弹性使得所有 , 但不可能会使得同样的压缩 。
xiong yumei , deputy director of beijing tourism administration , said , " the booking rate in all starrated hotels in beijing in july increased one percent from may . "	北京旅游管理部长李晓晓说: " 今年7月7月7日 , 北京旅游管理局的书籍收益率在北京每年7月增长了一次 。 "
colombia's carbon emissions are relatively low because of plentiful river systems feed enough hydropower generators to supply some 70% of electricity needs . 10 .	哥伦比亚的碳排放是相对低的 , 因为大量的河流系统已经足够够的水平 , 为了供应商提供70%的电力需要10 。
d latch and d flipflop circuits using floatinggate mos are designed . in order to introduce the application of d flipflop , we design the register and counter by d flipflops .	为了介绍dlipflipfliploploplops电路的应用 , 设计了dlipfliplopfliploplops和dlipfliploploplops电路 。
fed by the 100plus inches of rain per year that fall in olympic national park , evergreen trees rise above the fog that fills this olympic mountain's valley .	由于100多人在奥运会的100多人在奥林匹克国家公园里 , 埃及森林的树林在奥运会上升到了这场奥运会的山谷谷谷谷谷 。
the superantigen fusion protein cell factor is actually a substitute for the antigen in the prior art , has a targeting function and is a new prospective medicament different from the antigen .	超级基因蛋白质因子实际上是一项抗原物 , 具有抗原艺术的抗原作用 , 具有目标功能 , 是一种新的检测方法 。
project management is a carefully planned and organized effort to accomplish a specific onetime effort , for example , construct a building or implement a new computer system .	项目管理是一项全面规划和组织的努力 , 为了完成一个特定的一项工作 , 例如 , 建立建立一个新的计算机系统 。
the geological cause of the mixed layer and its distributing characters are defined by spore pollen analysis , scanning electron microscope and c14 isotope test in this paper .	介绍了混合层的地质原因及其分布特征 , 通过空间污染分析、扫描电镜和c14分布的地质原因 , 探讨了电子显微镜和c14分布特征 。
the modern people want to understand correctly three big nutrients , these three big nutrient everybody attention , first controls animalism , along with age increase , decreases progressively .	现代人民希望理解正确的三大营养 , 这些三个大型的营养都是注意的 , 第一次控制动物主义 , 随着年龄的增长 , 随着年龄的增长 , 减少了进步 。
dedication to make friends , and friends , the heart of india , the situation tied up , helping hands , sincere cooperation , mutual benefit and create a better tomorrow !	为了制造朋友 , 朋友们 , 印度的心脏 , 处处处 , 帮助手 , 帮助手 , 自由合作、互相利益和创造更好 !
china has enlisted pakistani cooperation in quashing potential muslim insurgencies in its farwestern province of xinjiang , bordering pakistan and afghanistan .	中国已经进入了新疆、巴基斯坦和阿富汗巴基斯坦和阿富汗的巴基斯坦合作 。
soft start valves are used to throttle the gas flow in roughing lines . they prevent turbulences in piping and containers , particulate contamination in vacuum installations .	软启动阀用来进一步进一步进一步 , 它们防止管道和包装器 , 特别是安装的气流流量 。
food intolerance can also be used to describe a much less welldefined collection of symptoms that some people suffer from on consuming certain foods for which no clear basis is known .	食物进入剂也可以用来描述一种较好的症状 , 一些人在消费某些消费的食物中 , 没有清晰的食物的食物 。
the boiling point rise of dilute solution in physical chemistry seems to contradict with vapor distillation in experiment of organic chemistry . actually , they are of different principles .	实际上 , 探讨了物理化学解决方案的结合点 , 似乎是有机化学物理化学实际上 , 实际上 , 实际上 , 它们是不同的原理 。
the deck erection gantry is a specialized equipment for erection of suspension bridge deck segments , it has mainly two forms of winch type and hydraulic lifting type .	缺陷保护剂是一种特殊的设备 , 主要有两种赢得型和液压液压液压液体固定型型的特殊设备 , 是一种特殊的设备 。
on july 21 , 2005 , premier wen jiabao of the state council met in the great of the people with guyana's prime minister samuel hinds who is paying a working visit to china .	2005年7月2111日 , 2005年7月21月21日 , 温家宝总理温家宝在国务院大会见到了吉尼亚的首席萨米尔·萨米尔德·萨米尔德·萨姆尔德尔·萨姆尔德·萨姆尔德尔德尔德尔德尔德尔德尔德尔德尔德尔德尔德
chapter iii should be natural and the reality of conflict , analyzed and discussed the people's jury selection , training , legal empowerment and supervision of several elements .	第二章应该是自然和冲突的现实 , 分析了人民的审判选择、训练、法律雇员和监督的实践 , 探讨了人们的审判选择、培训、培训、培训、法律职责和监督 。
on the basis of this , the paper divides the whole chapter into nine sections , with each section divided into three parts of " original text " , " textual research " , and " interpretations " .	本论文的基础上 , 分为九章 , 分为 " 原始文本 " 、文本研究 " 、 " 文本研究 " 、 " 文本研究 " 、文本研究 " 、 " 文本研究、 " 文本研究、 " 文本研究、 " 文本研究 " 和 " 文本研究 " 文本研究 " 文本研究
secondly , the scheme scanning exterior environment and the scheme evaluating quantitatively exterior environment of institutes' transformation with efe matrix method are discussed ;	第二 , 讨论了该方案 , 探讨了该方案 , 探讨了该方案 , 探讨了用安全矩阵转换方法的变换环境 。
jobs become scarcer and the wallace children begin to realize that their father is a violent monster who daily terrorizes their mother and refuses to feed his children .	乔布斯成为了科学家 , 乔布斯已经开始认识到 , 他们的父亲是一个暴力的猴子 , 并拒绝他们的母亲 , 拒绝她们的孩子 。
the second chapter is a detailed explication on the techniques in image creation , effects of special language structures , and formalism in textual arrangement in classical chinese poetry .	第二章阐述了在图像创造、特殊语言结构、形式主义、形式主义的语言结构、形式主义、语言语言结构、语言语言语言结构、语言语言语言语言结构、形式主义 。
thirdly , based on theoretical hypotheses of collective identity , the paper classifies the theories of european identity into two perspectives: primordialism and constructivism .	第三 , 基于理论的基础上 , 探讨欧洲居民的理论和建筑主义的理论基础上 , 探讨了欧洲居民的理论和建筑主义的理论依据 。
the influential factors of noise for dimethyl ether engine are studied and analyzed through experiments by using method of combustion noise and effective solutions for noise reduction are found out .	研究了二甲烷-乙烯工程的影响因素 , 通过对称噪声噪声噪声噪声噪声噪声噪声噪声和有效解决方案的影响因素 , 探讨了采用合成噪声噪声噪声噪声噪声噪声噪声的影响因素 。
skyrocketing food prices have increased attention to the larger challenge of overcoming hunger and malnutrition , the “forgotten” u . n . millennium development goal .	天空攻击食品价格已经增加注意到越来越大 , 越来越多的挑战 , " 因此 , " 因此 , 因此 , " 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 美国的发展目标 。
he had been stranded since saturday evening , when he and his 67yearold uncle got into trouble during a hunting expedition and the ice floe on which he was standing broke away .	今天晚上 , 他和67岁的67岁 , 直到在前面的爆炸和冰板上 , 冰板在那里 , 冰层上 , 冰层上 , 直到他站在那里 。
many kinds of hormone are involved in the regulation of uterine action by autocrine or paracrine fashion , such as oxytocin , prostaglandins and endothelin et al .	许多类型的热器人涉及在自动性或巴黎的运动中 , 例如氧化碳、蛋白质、蛋白质、蛋白质、蛋白质和内皮素等 。
while pastis had depicted various crocodiles in the strip as early as february 2004 , these crocs were relatively competent and spoke normal english in a normal typeface .	尽管在2004年2月初 , 过去的过去 , 过去的过去已经描述了各种环境 , 这些关键是相对竞争和正常的英语 。
if you can't read the data when you have accessed it , the decryption keys are corrupted , or the server rejects it because the vendor is using its own encryption algorithm .	如果你不能读到数据时 , 这些决定关键是正确的 , 或者服务器拒绝它是因为它使用自己的编译算法 。
he it is who weaves the web of this in evanescent hues of gold and silver , blue and green , and lets peep out through the folds his feet , at whose touch i forget myself .	他是为了让这个人穿着金色和银色的网络 , 蓝色和绿色 , 让我们穿过他的脚 , 让我忘了自己忘记自己 。
relying on its favorable conditions of humane resources for tourism , shanxi province is now famous for its compound culture while keen competition among its compounds begins .	依赖于其优秀的资源资源 , 上西省目前 , 上西西西省已经成为其复合文化的复合文化 , 而在其复杂的竞争开始 。
adults are usually absent in blyton's books , allowing children to be powerful: travelling and cooking for themselves , visiting magic lands or solving mysteries .	结果通常在布林顿书中 , 允许孩子们为他们提供了强大的:旅游和烹饪和烹饪和烹饪和烹饪 , 游客们的魔术地方或解决神秘的书籍 。
a crucial issue for the popularization of high viscous polymer devolatilization process is to develop high efficiency mass transfer apparatus with improved surface renewal rate .	针对高粘聚合物的结构问题 , 开发高效聚合物聚合物的高效聚合物分解过程 , 为了提高表面回收率的高效解决问题 。
this group teaching program had a positive effect on heart attack patients not only for improving knowledge but lowering the degree of uncertainty and depression throughout the disease course .	这组组组教学程序对心脏攻击患者不仅为改善知识的影响 , 但低于不确定性和抑郁症的不确定性和抑郁症的不确定性和抑郁作用 。
results the recovery and total effective rates were 93 . 3% and 62 . 2% for group of hypertonic saline , and significantly higher than those of ns plus oral prednisone group .	结果恢复和总成率为93.3% , 62% , 62% , 62%的高于nsnsplseralalalalalalalalalalalalalsernsernsernsernserns组的恢复和总收率高于93.3.3.3%和62% 。
the game of bingo is an ongong american custom that is encouraged by civic groups , and is condoned by the church as well , in exchange for the needed income the game provides .	英国的游戏是一个强烈的美国客户 , 是由民族组成的 , 教堂和教堂交换 , 还是为了交换游戏提供的 。
box 12: gross weight in kilos should be shown here . other units of measurement e . g . volume or number of items which would indicate exact quantities may be used when customary .	博x12:在kilos中 , 应该在这里展示 , 另一个测量e.gumumumumumumumumum或数量的项目可能是在客户端使用的时候使用的 。
crossing over the highway , away from the shenzhen international airport , the port only a dozen kilometers away from guangzhou new baiyun international airport , one hour full speed .	跨越越越越越高速 , 来自深圳国际机场 , 港口只有一辆汽车 , 只有一辆汽车从广州新湾国际机场 , 一个小时 , 一个小时的机场 。
with the built of marketing economy system , the rapid development of national economy and enhancement of human living standards , medicine and healthcare industries have been developed rapidly .	随着市场经济系统的建设 , 国家经济的迅速发展 , 国际经济的迅速发展 , 增强人类生活标准、医学和健康工业已经迅速发展 。
the second floor of the pavilion will be transparent . the pavilion will symbolize the imagination and creativity of hong kong people , said ng hon wing , director of the pavilion .	香港第二流将会是透明的 , 巴黎将会对香港人民的想象和创造力的形象和创造和创造力的形象和创造力的形象和创造力 。
sarge explained why he picked me: “a player can have great skills , but his talent won’t mean much if he doesn’t apply himself and get the job done , ” he said .	他说: " sargesarge解释为什么他为什么做了解释为什么他能做很好的技巧 , 但是他的话 , 他说 , 如果他没有用自己的话 , 他说 。 "
chapter 1 mainly introduces the current export situation of chinese textiles and apparel , especially the new problems arising from the soaring volumes and slumping export prices .	第一章主要介绍了目前中国文本的出口情况 , 特别是从太阳的出口价格下降的新问题 , 特别是从清晰的出口价格的新问题 , 特别是从清晰出口价格的新问题 。
different specifications for heating glassware , but i guarantee the quality of drying , heating system and below the nozzle position , the inclination should be able to easily adjust .	不同的加热玻璃墙 , 可是我保证干燥、热系统的质量 , 降温系统 , 应该很容易调整 。
such different sources as the native americans , rudolph steiner and our friends at findhorn have influenced our learning of the appropriate harmonic role in relation to the earth .	这些不同的来源作为国家的国家 , 俄罗斯蒂夫和我们的朋友在发现 , 发现 , 找到了我们对地球的合适和谐角色的影响 。
the 23 existing couplets belonging to the mansion house best manifest zhang's wit and humor , his political ambition , attitude and his attachment to hometown and relatives .	第二三个现有的双方属于管理房子 , 最好的是张张的妻子 , 他的政治成员 , 政治成员 , 抗议和他的安装在家里和亲戚 。
whereas turks tend to be warm and extrovert , your average georgian seems much more selfcontained and reserved – not entirely dissimilar to your average briton , really .	土耳其是战争和爆炸 , 你的平均乔治亚似乎更加自我 , 而且不完全消失你的平均briton , 实际上 , 实际上 , 你的平均基本人看起来越多 。
displaying its spectrum of shades in an attempt to attract the attention of the less vibrant brown spiders , the creature reveals hues of orange , yellow , green and blue .	解释了它的形状 , 试图吸引了小型的浏览器 , 创造出了橙色、黄色、绿色、绿色、绿色、绿色和蓝色 。
" i'm not going to go up against guillem if his best investigative report says there is a deal in place playertoclub i believe that , what i think is shameless is calderon , " said hunter .	" 如果他最好的投资报告说 , 我认为 , 我认为 , 我认为什么是无耻的 , 无论是无耻的 , " 胡恩说 。 "
they see their province as teeming with resources ? fish , forests , minerals and now oil ? that outsiders have profited from , sometimes unfairly , leaving only crumbs behind .	他们看到他们的蛋白如今 , 有时候 , 有时候 , 只有用资源 ? 鱼类 , 鱼类 , 鱼类 , 矿物 , 矿物 , 矿物和石油吗 ?
some schools have already started separating the sexes for some lessons and say it has eliminated the " peacock effect " of boys showing off and provided a more equal distribution of teacher time .	一些学校已经开始分离了一个小学 , 说 , 这个学校已经被分开了 " 宠物 " 的效果 " 和 " 老师时间 " 的 " 宠物疗效 " 的学校 , 为教师们提供了更多的平等分布 。
in retrospect , kafka was a noble attempt to adapt the complexity of kafka's work to the movies , and it hinted at soderbergh's genre experiments to come .	回顾 , kafkaka是否试图适应kafkaka的工作 , 并且在soderderderderberghhhhhhhh的一代实验中 。
after world war i , henry ford and general motors' alfred sloan moved world manufacture from centuries of craft production led by european firms into the age of mass production .	世界战争后 , 亨利和通常运动员自身运动 , 来自欧洲军事制造的全球制造世界制造世界制造的世界制造的世界制造 。
professor popkin says american schools also need to improve their nutrition . for example , schools may have vending machellones that offer what many people would consider junk food .	美国学校还需要改善他们的营养 , 例如 , 学校可能会有多少人认为 , 美国的学校也许会有多人会考虑到的食物 。
but wga west president patric verrone told the more than 3 , 000 writers in attendance saturday night that the strike would end only after they voted to approve the contract .	可是wga西总统帕尔特·弗朗尼尔说 , 今天晚上 , 今天晚上 , 只有在他们选举的比赛中 , 只有3 , 000名作者在今天晚上 , 只有一天晚上 , 只是他们才能在选举的比赛场比赛中才能最终结束 。
amoi is a wellknown domestic mobile phone manufacturing enterprise . because of a8 , a " will dancing " mobile phone , amoi earned much money in 2002 and 2003 .	moii是一家著名的国内移动电话制造企业 , 由于一家88 , " 将 " 移动电话 " 的电话 " 移动电话 " , 2003年早些时候 , 将赚到更多钱 。
while this may sound inefficient , remember that in most observer situations , each component has a small number of listeners , and insertions and removal are greatly outnumbered by traversals .	虽然这可能会有效 , 记住大多数观察者 , 每个组件都有一个小量的听众 , 而且在传统的情况下 , 每个组件都有一个小量的聆听者 , 而且在传统的数量上都很大 。
the belief possesses three characteristics such as the abundant mazu temples , rich poems in praise of mazu and its close relation with the activities of fujian businessmen .	信仰政治的信仰政治 , 例如大规模的大规模 , 丰富的诗歌在实践中和其与福建商务活动的活动相关 。
the website says: " this silicon small sex dolls is our unique design on market in 2016 , sex dolls with hot japanese pure girl , female real sex doll robot for man . "	网站表示: " 这个银子小型的小型的小型海底小型的小型海底管道是2016年市场独特设计的设计 , xx , xxxsxdllllll与日本的日本图女孩 , 女性真是男性的男性 。 "
jobs , pi: as time marched on , the moustache made a comeback rumours that he was going to ditch silicon valley for the san fernando valley proved unfounded .	乔布斯:当时 , 穆斯塔斯切已经结束了一次 , 他要把硅谷谷谷谷谷谷谷谷谷谷谷谷谷谷的时候 。
he lost out but we reckon that , given he got to hang on for lots more films instead of wearing a turban and then getting done in by an 11 yearold , he's probably over it now .	他失去了 , 但我们还是回忆了 , 让他得到了很多电影 , 然后在111岁的时候 , 现在他也许在这里做了很多电影中得到了很多电影 。
more than 90% of employees in selfgoverning firms , and twothirds in the informedacquiescence category , agreed that " good ideas are readily adopted by my company " .	超过90%的雇佣员工在自我发现公司中 , 两三分之二 , 同意 " 良好的想法 " 是 " 公司 " 好的想法 " 。
article 102 after placing the subject matter in escrow , the obligor shall timely notify the obligee or his heir or guardian , except where the obligee cannot be located .	第十十二条以后 , 法律师应当注意到对象或他的头发或标准 , 除了对象之后 , 观察者不能被定位 。
more earnings from s&p 500 companies and a steady stream of toptier economic indicators will give investors more evidence of the economy's health throughout the week .	来自s&p500公司和一步的经济指标 , 将给投资者更多的经济保健体健康的证据 。
the fractal parameters of pore structure are estimated based on the capillary pressure data before and after waterflooding to investigate the effect of waterflooding on variation of pore structure .	建立pore结构的基础上 , 建立了基于pore结构结构的基础参数 , 建立了在水压数据之前 , 探讨了聚合物结构的效果 。
methods we observed effects of antiarrhythmic agents and synchronized cardioversion treatment of atrial fibrillation in 19 patients with preexcitation syndrome .	方法回顾性观察抗原发性及同步检查治疗19例手术后 , 观察抗原发病的抗原生素对抗原发性的影响 。
conclusion both the nickel titanium patella fixation and the adjustable patella fracture reduce device have the satisfactory effect for treatment of patella fracture .	结论 , 两种镍钛钛复合物 , 调整可调整palla骨折 , 降低骨折的疗效 , 具有较好的疗效 。
established in 2006 , shenzhen siemax cables technology co . , ltd , is one of the leading suppliers for the " structured communications solutions " in china .	2006年建立了2006年 , 沈阳电缆技术有限公司是 " 结构通信解决方案 " 的领先供应商之一 。
professionally producing transmission belt , oil seal , mould rubber parts , silicon hose , tensioner for passenger cars , light and heavy duty vehicles .	专业生产有限公司 , 石油安全 , 石油安全 , 石油安全部 , 石油部件 , 石油部件 , 石油部件 , 石油部件 , 石油部件 , 石油部件 。
this private residence , located in the dongcheng district of beijing , is a traditional " siheyuan " type of residence where the courtyard is the center of the house .	这个私人居民 , 位于北京区 , 是一家传统的 " 北京 " 北京 " 的居民 " 类型 " 的居民 " 的居民 " 类型 , 是房子中心的中心 。
the color male money of these dress composed , female money is bold and unrestrained , but the figure that having same heavy and complicated , artistic touch is dyeinthewood .	这些衣服的颜色是由于 , 女性钱的 , 女性钱是不合理的 , 却有着同样的高度和复杂的 , 艺术品是形成的 。
telecommunications technology co . , ltd . shenzhen peng is a research and development , production , sales and service into a professional led screen manufacturer of digital control information .	电子通信技术有限公司是一家开发、生产、生产、销售、销售、销售、销售、销售、销售、销售、销售、销售和服务等专业控制信息 。
depict the influence on the plant cellular , caused by the added high electrostatic field , by the bimolecular lipid membranes , and deduce the micro principles .	探讨植物细胞细胞的影响 , 由于加入高电极场 , 通过生物性脂肪脂质组合 , 减少微粒原则的影响 。
it turns out that the knapsacks were brighter than the polo shirts . the thread color that looked good on the knapsacks was too dark to read on the shirts .	它从那里 , 卡纳帕克的卡纳斯塔塔塔塔塔塔塔塔塔塔塔塔塔塔塔塔塔塔塔塔斯的大楼上看起来很好 , 看起来很棒 。
article 19 1 the adjusted net capital amount of futures commission merchants shall not be less than 6 percent of the total amount of customer margin account .	第一章 , 调整未来委员会员会员会员会员会的第一章 , 应该不少于6%的客户总数增加6% 。
by the determination of multistyle elastic silk of single or double layer , it shows that the elasticity of the prepared fabrics can all reach medium or low levels .	通过测定多态弹性硅丝的测定 , 测定了单层或双层层 , 结果表明 , 制备的弹性能较好 , 制备的弹性能都可以达到所有的介质或低水平 。
the mechanism , structure features of dynamic wave wet scrubber are briefly presented , and its applications in sulfuric acid and compound fertilizer productions are exemplified .	阐述了动态波纤维结构的机理、结构特点、结构特点 , 简要介绍了硫酸和复合剂生产中的应用 。
but despite efforts to step up enforcement , including suspending production last month at a number of battery factories , the government's response remains faltering .	尽管如此 , 尽管有效的努力 , 尽管如此 , 还有在几个月的电池厂上 , 政府的响应仍然是不断的 。
on the basis of analysis , the qingdao port group's overall development strategy is developed . finally , a number of recommendations to enhance the competitiveness of the group are presented .	在分析基础上 , 阐述了清天港港运动组织的全面发展策略 , 最后 , 提出了一种建议提高组合伙伴竞争力的建议 。
in addition , on the aspect of the sziit supervisor's observation on class performance , the teaching contents are totally different , and the experimental classes' performances are more active .	此外 , 在zziit高级专家监督员的观察方面 , 教学内容是不同的 , 教学内容是不同的 , 实验班级的性能更为活动 。
ten days later , during the 36th week of gestation , word arrived that a baby had died during or shortly after birth and the parents had agreed to donate the infant's heart .	十天后 , 在36个星期 , 王先生到了一名婴儿死了 , 父母们已经同意捐赠婴儿的心脏 。
chief introduction of the company jingu eastro handicraft limited company is a professional enterprise specializing in the production of handicrafts with fully minor ethnic group features .	首先介绍了公司江东工程有限公司是一家专业企业专业生产工程专业化的企业特点 , 是一家专业企业专业企业专业生产的企业特点 。
there is no need to maintain session affinity at the plugin router level , as session affinities will be taken care of by the odrs when the requests are forwarded on to the application servers .	没有需要在插入路由级别中保持有限制 , 如果会有限公司将通过odrrsrsrsrsrsrsrsrsrsrs的需求来维护应用程序服务器的密度 。
following an investigation into the possibilities of materials including recycled glass , stucco and marble , the architects settled on stone as the best option .	遵循一项调查 , 探讨材料的可能性 , 包括回收玻璃、结构和玛丽 , 建筑在石油最佳选择上建筑物的可能性 。
yu'ebao , china's most popular internet fund , is an investment service jointly offered by alipay , china's leading online payments provider , and tianhong asset management .	中国最流行的网络基金 , 是一家投资服务 , 中国领导网上支付商、中国领导的网络支付商和天津资产管理的投资服务 。
underwater gps positioning system includes four parts which are gps differential reference station , gps buoy subsystem , underwater pinger , shipbased data processing and control center .	水平gp位置系统包括四个部分 , 包括gps不同的参考站、gps购物系统、水下系统、水下系统、基于数据处理和控制中心 。
" i think luxehomes' content is very comprehensive . i particularly like the stories with forwardlooking angles , " says louis ho , a director of centaline's stately homes .	" 我认为卢xhome的内容非常完全 , 我特别喜欢前面的故事角色 , " 洛uishoshoshoshos说 。 "
results:during the procedure of combined liver and kidney harvesting , 1 right renal vein and 2 left renal arteries were injured , 3 renal perfusion were not satisfied .	结果::回顾:回顾:回顾:结合肝和肾脏的过程 , 结合肝和肾功能 , 回顾1右侧肾素和2左侧肾功能 , 肾功能不满意 。
a source of electricity consisting of a number of alternating disks of two different metals separated by acidmoistened pads , forming primary cells connected in series .	一个电源组成的电源组成了一个不同的金属分离的两个不同金属分离的两个不同金属的电源 , 形成了初始细胞连接的细胞连接 。
the letter to the hebrews , one letter of john , he rejects the shepherd of hermas , which is a book that we include in a groupings of writing we call the apostolic fathers .	这个信信信给了约翰 , 一个信给约翰 , 他拒绝她们的信件 , 这是一本书 , 我们包括一个叫做 " 阿波斯托斯 " 的父亲 " 的书 。
in west germany , foreign minister hansdietrich genscher urged moscowto shut all nuclearpower plants similar to the one at chernobyl .	在西方德国 , 外国部长汉德国德国 , 德国 , 外国部部长汉德国 , 克里斯基斯特里斯基斯基斯基斯基斯基斯基斯基斯基斯基斯基斯基斯基斯基斯基斯基斯基斯基斯基斯基斯基斯将所有核电视机构成了所有核电视台 。
various designs of single stage , double stage and multistage or their combination can be customized accordingly for deferent demands of sterilization , insulation and cooling .	基于单阶段、双阶段、双阶段和多阶段的设计 , 可根据单阶段、单阶阶段的设计 , 可根据单阶段、单阶阶段、双阶阶段和多阶段的组合 。
folders , for example , are a wellknown metaphor for file organization , and they have replaced “directories , ” which were used previously in commandline operating systems .	例如 , 例如 , 例如 , 对于文件组织来说 , 是一个很好的内容器 , 它们已经删除了 " 直接管理系统 " 的指令操作系统 " 。
phonetics , grammar , vocabulary , listening , speaking , reading and writing skills in this stage , to realize breakthrough , to lay the foundation , a habit .	电话 , 格拉姆 , 音乐 , 听音乐 , 声音 , 听说 , 阅读和写技巧 , 在这个阶段 , 实现破坏的基础上 , 实现破坏的基础 , 实现了基础 , 实现了基于基础的基础 。
the lack of legal foundation of defense counsel in procedure for review of death sentences leads to the obstacles on operation and guarantee of defense of the counsel .	缺乏法律基础的缺乏法律基础 , 为了探讨死亡事件的法律基础 , 导致死亡事件的判断和保证 。
the results of the experiment indicated that the training system for athletes of speed strength events and groups could lead to a remarkable adaptive change in cardiac shapes and functions .	实验结果表明 , 试验结果表明 , 试验结果表明 , 培训系统的训练系统 , 训练系统能够导致心脏形状和功能变化 。
to resolve the large time jitter error of middlelong range action in uwb fuse systems , a novel time system base on crystal frequency division has been proposed .	为了解决了在uwbfus系统中最大的时间jitterrror错误错误 , 提出了一种在cwwwwwwwwbus系统的小时系统基础上 , 提出了一种新的系统基础 。
big accounting firms are offering similar increases , according to j . patrick gorman , founder of ifind group , a new yorkbased cpa recruiting firm .	根据j.packckarman的发现 , 纽约基于基于纽约基基于基于基于ykkkkkkpas的cpas的cpas公司的大型帐户提供相似的增长 , 根据j.packmanmanmanmanmanman说 , 根据j.
in a study involving 2 , 604 residents of hisayama , japan , the researchers examined the association between serum cholesterol level and incidence of gastric cancer .	本研究人员在研究中涉及了2 , 604名居民 , 日本 , 研究人员在研究人员考察了血清胆固醇水平和胃癌的关系 。
methods 37 cases who had taken relative exploring sign underwent cholangiography before choledochotomy , and the negative patients would not take choledochus exploration .	方法对37例患者进行相关的探索信号检查 , 检查后37例 , 检查后 , 神经病人并不会引起老年的探索 。
i have been fortunate to work with hitachi for over 25years starting with delivery of the transilift to hitachi port in 1984 and i am looking forward to the continuation of our relationship .	我在1984年 , 我曾曾经为了与hitachi的工作 , 为了与hitataupupupupupupupupupupupupupupupupapi的工作 , 并且我正在寻求我们的关系的继续 。
tentatively , this study introduced simple and economical dynamic cone penetrometer and impact soil tester for facilitating the investigation of subgrade and upgrading its quality .	目前 , 文章介绍了简单、经济动态混凝土的简单和经济动态动态动态混凝土试验器和实际测试器 。
aim using the variance matrix of estimated error , positional accuracy can be compared with different mixing together data , it has put forward a kind of basis for system location to select data .	目的利用估计错误矩阵 , 定位准确度可比较不同的混合数据 , 提出了一种基于系统位置的基础 。
lccs have benefited from increasing price sensitivity of consumers and business travellers and lower oil prices that have flowed from the global economic malaise .	lccssssssssssssss已经从增加了消费者和商业旅游者和低油价的油价格的增加到全球经济的增长 。
these groups are especially vulnerable because they often experience extended survival during which neurocognitive complications of therapy may cause more impairment than the tumor itself .	这些群体特别是灵活的 , 因为他们经常经常经历过经验的证据 , 这些群体可能会导致肿瘤的肿瘤可能会导致肿瘤的疾病 。
the simulation experiment shows that the parallel processing method obtains sub linear speedup , and the requirement for real time identification of internal model online is basically satisfied .	仿真实验表明 , 在线速度模型基础上 , 通过仿真实时的仿真实时测试实时 , 通过仿真实时的实时检测方法 , 得到了该方法 。
the measles initiative is a collaborative effort of who , unicef , the american red cross , the united states centers for disease control and prevention , and the united nations foundation .	措施是一项合作的合作努力 , 美国红红红红、美国红色红色红色红色、美国红色红色红色红色红色的合作努力 。
the paper focuses on the emerging social historical grounds of new realism novels and discusses how the writers direct the contemporary literature development and cognitive strategies .	针对现实主义小说的新现实主义的社会历史地位 , 探讨了当代文学发展和认识策略的作了如何对当代文学发展和认识策略进行探讨 。
thirdly , it exposes the corruption of fedual government , which derives from niu xiu " s advanced political thoughts and rough official career . "	第三 , 探讨了从尼西西西西西西省的腐败 , 提高了政府的政治思想和浪漫官员职业的腐败 。
companies and enterprises should also pay attention to the mental health of employees and help them relieve pressure through lectures and psychological counseling , wu suggested .	公司和企业也应该注意到雇佣员工的心理健康 , 帮助他们通过学习和心理咨询 , 为了建议 。
through the analysis on phenomenon of big tree into city and the status quo of scenic forest in city , the necessity and urgency of scenic forest protection were expounded .	通过对大树林现象的分析 , 探讨了大树林的现象 , 探讨了大树林的现象 , 探讨了城市林林林林的必要性和一代性和生成因素 。
adhesive , disintegrating agent and enteric garment to put on weight , with the release of reduced glutathione degree as the optimum prescription of entericcoated .	保健、消化剂、消化剂和环境气体 , 随着减少葡萄糖含量的释放而降低葡萄糖的最佳预测 。
the attitude of magnetic foliation , which clearly suggests the emplacement of the magma in different tectonic units , is consistent with rock shapes and distribution of rock units .	磁化合物的反应 , 明显建议了不同材料单元的磁化合物的实施 , 与岩石形状与岩石形状的岩石形状与岩石形状相结合 , 具有岩石的岩石形状和分布 。
actually dao yin didn't also want to good want to sell , he just wanted to see if they can make any repercussions , dao yin renhui won't inherit his judge the proposal .	事实上 , 丹尼还没有想要好卖 , 他只是想看到他们可以看到任何修复 , 大卫还不会再也不能再再次他提出的办法 。
spoon into the prepared muffin tin , filling each cup twothirds full . bake in the preheated 190c/375f oven for 2025 minutes , or until golden brown .	西班牙进入muf继续 , 将每三杯杯完成两分之一 。 篮球在190/3375年的2025分钟内 , 或2025分钟内 , 或2025分钟 , 直到金冠军 。
besides , great importance was attached to the building of teaching and learning atmosphere . ten regulations made by the founder zhiyi ensured good teaching atmosphere .	另外 , 大量的重要性是在教学和学习教学建设和学习中得到的重要性 。
this article discusses a serious of problems exposed during the actual operation and application of the internal heat coke oven , analyses the reason and puts forward improvement schemes .	文章探讨了在实际运行中存在的问题 , 探讨了国际热炉的实际运行和应用 , 分析了国际热炉的原因和改进方案的原因 , 提出了改进方案 。
objective to investigate the relationship between gliosis , synaptic reorganization and the mechanism of chronic temporal lobe epilepsy induced by kainic acid .	目的探讨gliis、nanananas组合组织的关系及其机制 。
to some extent , it is more practical to explain the process of determination by using signal detection theory than holding the ideal hypothesis of regarding the judge as reasonable .	为了一些实践 , 通过信号检测理论 , 探讨了使用信号检测理论的实践 , 比较用信号检测理论的理想水解 。
it is pointed out that , in the case of having radial flexible mechanism , the wear between anti rotation mechanism and scroll wrap exhibits synchronism and self compensation .	指出 , 在实验中 , 针对抗旋转机制和螺旋扩展物对抗抗旋转机制的耐磨机理的耐磨机理的耐磨机理和自我补偿的耐磨机理之间 , 具有较好的耐磨机理 。
numerical analysis illustrates that the improved genetic algorithm designing is successful in solving highdimension , multiconstrains , and nonlinear uc problem .	数值分析表明 , 改进遗传算法设计的数值分析是有效解决高维度、多线性的多线性结构、多线性结构、多线性结构、多线性和非线性教育问题的成功 。
the bank manager and other relevant bank personnels should be charged of breach of duty for causing the loss of 17 , 000 yuans . so why aren't they charged ?	银行经理和其他相关银行人员应该被挑战 , 因此 , 银行管理者和其他相关的银行人员应该受到177 , 000元的损失 。
as a signal molecule , h2o2 derived from polyamine oxidation mediates cell death , the hypersensitive response and the expression of defence genes .	作为一个信号模式 , h2o2的分子 , 由聚氨酸氧化中氧化中氧化物 , 超敏反应和抑制基因的表达 。
the offshore oil industry is built with high risks and investment intensified . improper use of operating fluids during development stage may cause reservoir damages .	在开发期间 , 办公油行业建立了高风险和投资的高风险投资 , 改善了在开发阶段的发展阶段可能导致储层损害 。
the united states , he argues , needs to partner with iran and turkey to create a " powerful triangle " whose activities would promote a culture of democracy and combat extremism .	他认为 , 美国需要与伊朗与伊朗合作的合作伙伴 , 为了创造一个 " 强大的三角 " 的三角 " 的活动 " 的活动 , 将促进民主党的民主义文化和战争主义的文化 。
this was hard to swallow for tunisians proud of the once exemplary educational system nurtured by their first president , habib bourguiba , whom ben ali ousted in 1987 .	这是很难在1987年 , 哈比伯伯伯伯伯布巴巴巴 , 这是很难开放的 , 来自于1987年 , 曾经是一位教育体系的教育体系教育体系教育体系的教育体系 。
this is not to inhibit full and free expression: this is not to lose spontaneity ; authenticity , and the important sincerity we communicate simultaneously .	这并不能抑制完全和自由表达:不要失去空间性 ; 意义 , 以及我们通信我们通信的重要意义 。
she goes on , " we're electrical engineers , and we really needed more help from ocean engineers , but to get them we needed more funding , and to get more funding we needed to show some success . "	她走了 , " 我们是电力工程师 , 我们真的需要更多的帮助来自海洋工程师 , 但是我们需要更多的资金 , 我们需要更多的资金 , 更多的资金 , 更多的资金 。 "
“we can put your mom’s picture and her jewelry box right here on top , ”michele said , and kristen felt so lucky to have a family who loved her and wanted to make her happy .	" 我们可以把妈妈的照片放在那里 , 她的jwwelelririririxboxbox右边 , " mimichechchle说 , " 史密斯说 , " 我们可以感到很幸福 , 让她喜欢她的幸福 。 "
instead , he thinks yoga helps keep people more in tune with their bodies and eating habits and aware of bad habits , such as eating because of stress , boredom or depression .	相反 , 他认为 , 瑜伽帮助帮助人们在身体上保持更多的人 , 吃饭和吃饭的习惯 , 例如吃应力 , 或抑郁或抑郁症 。
volunteers who worked in rooms lit by a lamp with an incandescent light bulb instead of overhead fluorescents solved problems requiring novel thinking more successfully .	志愿者们在房间工作的房间里工作 , 由于房间工作的房间工作 , 还有一个充分的灯泡组成的灯泡 , 所以 , 要求新闻问题需要更成功的想法 。
five loud blasts were reported at gaddafi's bab alaziziya compound , where he had made an address on tuesday night and which had been first attacked on sunday night .	五位荷兰人在加拿达菲的巴拉扎菲的巴拉扎菲被报告 , 今天他在星期一晚上 , 今天晚上已经在星期一晚被捕获了一场地方 。
with a certain assumption , we conclude that the relationship between price level , quantity produced and cost parameter is same at both extreme levels of risk avoidance .	随着某些假设 , 我们结论 , 价格水平的关系 , 质量生产和成本参数相同 , 与风险避险水平相同 , 风险水平相同 。
the material balance equation for gas reservoir has been used to determine reserves and ogip of gas reservoir , judge its driving type and predict its production performance .	用来测定气层储层的材料平衡方程 , 测定了气层储层和油藏储层的储层和油藏储层的材料平衡方程 , 并预测其生产性能 。
wan hui see tang sugar home happy , tang li and tian xin see tang sugar after come back home , it suggested that put home decorate the home to also can spacious points , everyone to move to villa .	王川看到唐阳的家伙 , 唐丽和天津和天津看到 , 后来回家后 , 建议 , 家里还能把家里的家庭决定 , 每个人移动到村庄 。
the trend in the prosperity of new year films shows that it results from the close relationship between the social and cultural accumulation and the psychological sublimation to the films .	新年来 , 新年电影的趋势显示 , 由于社会和文化积累与文化的关系 , 使得新年电影的心理性质的趋势 。
this program focuses on helping mathematical teachers construct conceptual maps of the development of children's mathematical cognition through education practices and coresearching .	这项项程序集中关注了帮助数学教师建设儿童数学教师的概念图案 , 通过教育实践和核心教学实践 , 通过教育实践和核心 。
theaverage of t/es during the whole stages was about 2 . 06 . the maximum of it appeared in flag stage was about 78 , and its minimum appeared in winter was close to zero .	整个阶段的平均数据是2.06.06 , 最大在法拉格舞台的最大程度上 , 最小在冬季最小的冬天里 , 冬季最小的最小出现 。
huoshan industrial economy which is called huoshan phenomenon by those who study economy had a sharp rise in this years , though it was a poverty county of national level .	湖南工业经济是由于这些研究经济的 , 由于这些研究的经济学家 , 尽管它是国家水平的贫穷的国家水平的贫穷的国家水平 。
that's because the new u . s . military strategy no longer focuses on going after enemy fighters in the mountains , but on winning over afghans in the cities and villages .	这是因为新美国军事策略不再注意到在山上 , 后来的敌军事战斗后 , 却在城市和村庄中赢得了战斗 。
in fact , foreign volunteers would like to deliver extemporaneously though they got prepared . and local teachers thought foreigners acted as trainer just for fun .	事实上 , 外国国志愿者希望将会向外国志愿者做准备 , 并且当地教师认为 , 外国的教师认为 , 外国人只是为训练员做准备 。
vacationer accomodations are a nearby solarpowered hostel , with gardens and wild chickens . but by far , the highlight of the trip is the chance to see the grampians .	假设商会议是一个附近的太阳的酒店 , 花园和野生鸡 , 然而 , 由于今天 , 由于今天 , 试图的高度是看起来的机会 。
analyzing the function of firingoil tax , the paper discusses the influence of the coming firingoil tax in logistics industry and gives out the relevant countermeasures .	分析了纤维税的功能 , 探讨了物流产业的影响 , 并给出了相关的方案 。
as ken tucker wrote at the time: ''finally , in his greatest moments of grief and fury , he showed us the most vulnerable , despairing side of the man of action . ''	肯肯尼克·特特特特写道: " 最后 , 在他最后的时刻 , 他显示了我们最有灵活的时刻 , 最后他展示了我们最大的活动的时候 , 最终是最好的 。 "
handsome but also because of the floating children , had to rise in confidence , remembering their home made of silk and lu lin to discuss business , can open a silk line .	手工 , 还是因为流动儿童 , 必须在信心上升 , 记住他们的家庭制造银行和林林林 , 可以开展银行线 。
adding leafy greens to a dish is an easy way to add color , flavor and nutrients , writes martha rose shulman in this week's recipes for health .	添加叶绿 , 是一种很容易的方法 , 加入颜色、色和营养剂和营养剂 , 写了玛丽莎·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯特曼在这个周末的健康性的方法 。
from how to conduct yourself as an employee to what's considered competition , it's likely that you'll see something formalized about how the company views social media and your participation in it .	从如何使自己成为一名雇员 , 为了考虑竞争 , 很可能会看到 , 你会看到一些有关公司视图社会媒体和参与的形式化 , 如何看到自己的意见 。
the forest is fragrant , damp , and resonant . someone’s distant voice , someone’s protracted call or response reverberates marvelously in the far distant thickets .	森林是弗拉帕 , 大学 , 原因 , 有些人不错的声音 , 有些人提前的声音 , 或者响应该在远远远远的厚厚厚厚厚上 。
mr . jobs , who was treated for pancreatic cancer five years ago , went on medical leave in midjanuary to receive a liver transplant after exhibiting noticeable weight loss .	乔布斯先生 , 约瑟布斯先生在五年前 , 曾经在军方医疗水平中获得一个可扩展的肝移植后 , 接受肝移植的肝移植 。
this method improves the estimating precision of the point spread function . wiener filter is fabricated for recovering the defocused image based on the defocused point spread function .	本方法提高了基于缺点点点点点速度函数的估计精度 , 建立了基于缺点点点点点点点点点点点点点点点点点函数的测试方法 。
actually , each chapter and each caption formed the integral framework that knowledge of whole horse sagacious nods , this frame basically is build by fundamental rise .	实际上 , 每个章都形成了整个希尔维诺的集成框架 , 这个框架的基本上是由基础上构建的 。
on this basis , it raises a query optimization model for oql by introducing some query theories of rdb into the query process of oodb , and gives its implement strategy .	在此基础上 , 提出了一种用oql的优化模型 , 给出了其实现策略的实现策略 , 并给出了其实现策略 。
the men with a genetic tendency toward lower bdnf levels seemed to lose their ability to perform complicated tasks at almost double the rate of the men without the variation .	随着基因密度的变化而来 , 男性与遗传趋势的趋势下 , 男性的男性们似乎没有变化的变化 。
it is because they are afraid that theprivate employer will cutdown onjobs and many people , especially those whoare used to getting their wageswithout doing any work will lose their jobs .	这是因为他们认为 , 私有员工将会削减在job和许多人 , 特别是那些用来获得他们的薪酬的工资 , 特别是那些在工作中获得他们的工资中都会失去工作 。
similarly indicative of this seachange in government policy , the chinese government has announced it will to ban shops from giving away free plastic shopping bags , effective from june 2008 .	与此同样 , 中国政府政策相比 , 中国政府宣布 , 中国政府宣布 , 从2008年6月到2008年6月以来 , 将来自由自由塑料塑料塑料制造袋 , 从而有效 。
studying representation method of fusee and small spindle part of the caseandknowledgebased , the described method of objected oriented of geometry feature and process feature information is built .	研究了eeeeee和小型spinle部分的研究方法 , 建立了基于实例知识识识识识的方法 , 建立了对象的地质特征和过程信息的方法 。
last year , venturecapital firms invested $3 . 5 billion in u . s . alternativeenergy companies , while they invested only $330 million in chinese companies , ms . guzy said .	去年 , 通用资本公司投资了3.5亿美元资本公司 , 同时 , 中国公司投资只有3亿美元 。
a component of the hals design is the spraycool multiplatform enclosure which enables the electronics to be located near the radar currently mounted on the front of the black hawk .	液体设计的组件组成部分 , 可在黑黑黑黑黑黑黑黑黑黑黑黑黑黑黑黑黑黑黑黑黑黑帽前运动 。
it is representing the hope of tea person , representing china tea industry will more flourishing , the tea course of study of the motherland is sure to have more brilliant than former days tomorrow !	这是代表了茶人希望的希望 , 代表中国茶工业将会更加加流动 , 母亲岛的教学教学课程的教学课程 , 今天早上还有更多的老师 。
an environmentallyfriendly antirusting coatings has been prepared , based on non toxic calcium phosphite as dominant antirust pigment and phosphates as auxiliary antirust pigment .	为了制备环境友好的防腐涂料 , 制备了一种基于非毒毒性钙磷磷磷磷磷磷磷酸酯和磷酸盐酸酯酸酯酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸酯的环境 。
according to the terrain and topographical features , the sandy land in beijing mainly were divided into three types that are mountain ground , the transition zone from hill to plain and plain .	根据北京沙漠地区的特征 , 主要分为三种类型 , 山坡地区 , 山坡地区 , 从山坡和地区转移区 , 由山坡和地区转移区分为三种类型 。
the paper also presents the optimization principle of seismic features and the seismic feature optimization method based on gene tic algorithm in porosity prediction with cusi network .	文章还提出了一种基于基因动态算法的优化原理 , 提出了基于基因遗传算法的优化原理 。
when older adults cannot do the recommended amounts of physical activity due to health conditions , they should be as physically active as their abilities and conditions allow .	老年人不能做 , 由于健康条件的物理活动 , 应该作为物理活动的物理活动 , 应该作为物理活动和条件的物理活动 。
lukacs exposed universal problems of verdinglichung and alienation in capitalist society from commodity and proved importance of its overall category from the opposite side .	卢kssssskac博士从商品中提出了普通的普遍问题 , 并证明了它的全面目标的全面目标的全面问题 。
fractal dimensions of the 200 biggest intercity bus hubs from 2000 to 2004 were 1 . 4862 to 1 . 5118 , and that is consistent with fractal dimensions of chinese urban system sizes .	中国城市系统尺寸最大的基本方向是20000年 , 最大的 , 由于2004年至2004年至2004年至2004年至2004年 , 最大的机械方向 。 5181862 , ~ 51818182年 , ~ 51818181818182 , ~ 518181818182
this paper tries to explore the phenomenon with the concepts of absolute poverty and relative poverty , and to elaborate this issue with a historical comparison of chinese and british society .	本文试图探讨了对中国和英国社会的概念和相关政策的现象 , 探讨了对中国和英国的历史比较和英国社会的概念 。
by the foundation of 2110 safety management mode , the basis of petrochina company limited safety management has become more strengthened and petrochina has achieved remarkable safety performances .	通过21110安全管理模式 , 石油纳纳公司的基础上 , 通过2110安全管理的基础 , 实现了石油纳纳纳公司的安全管理模式 。
then based on the characteristic of reversible counter , fourvalued d flipflop was used as the core component to design fourvalued synchronous reversible counter which has reset function .	然后 , 基于可逆数的特点 , 采用四个可逆的dliploploplopffliploplopfliplopfploplopfploploppppppppplopppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppp
the court found ms deng guilty of causing injury with intent but freed her without a sentence on the grounds that a " mood disorder " absolved her of criminal responsibility .	法院发现 , 许多人发现 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 法院发现 , 因此 , 因此 , 法院发现 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 法院发现 " 的犯罪责任 。
in addition to representing individuals who have been injured as a result of negligent medical treatment , we also represent the victims of health care fraud and hmo disputes .	另外 , 为了调整中医疗治疗 , 还代表了健康健康健康的病害和恶性疾病的病害 。
objective: to investigate the feasibility and potential roles of targetcontrolled propofol infusion in combination with enflurane inhalation in the oral and maxillofacial surgery .	目的:探讨目标调节目标调节的可行性及潜在的作用 。
the major findings of this research were listed as follows: the elementary school special education teachers in kaohsiung and pingtung areas were willing to use technology integration ;	本研究的主要研究发现 , 研究的主要发现:在koh山和ptungng区将使用技术集成 ;
rob patz , kristen stewart and the rest of the gang are already filming the third movie in the twilight series eclipse in canada . eclipse is due out in may 2010 .	罗bpaz , 克里斯特和加拿大第三部电影中 , 在加拿大加拿大的第三部电影系列第三部电影中 , 卡里斯特·帕特斯特·帕特斯特·帕特斯特斯特斯特在2010年5月出现了 。
article 16 the state science and technology commission shall , jointly with other departments concerned , inspect at regular intervals the new and high technology industries development zones .	第一十六条国家科学和技术委员会委员会 , 加入其他部门的部门 , 检查了新的和高科技工业开发区域 。
the influences of managerial culture on employee's work motivations are regarded widely , but there isn't an exercisable framework on relations between culture and work motivations till now .	经营文化对员工工作运动的影响很大 , 但在文化与工作活动之间 , 经营文化的关系中 , 经营文化的影响尚未得到广泛的影响 。
it is tough work for the multinational crew of 30 in this roughandready little boat , prettified below deck with posters of orangutans and sunflowers painted in the toilets .	这是为了努力工作的30个路径 , 现在 , 罗山已经有点小船 , 准备在东方和太阳流浪费者的后面包装了 。
gold has weakened its link to other commodities this year , managing to rise strongly in the first half while oil and copper slipped . this reflects its increasing value as a currency play .	黄金在今年的其他商品中 , 经理在石油和铜油和铜的第一半 , 这反映其对其增加了它的增长价值 。
they're breaking out of the conventional life pattern go to school , fall in love , get married , buy a house , have babies...instead , they've skipped some steps and added others .	他们正在把传统生活模式放弃了学校 , 倒在爱上 , 买房子 , 买了一个房子 , 买了一套房子 , 买了一套房子 。
chained data structure keep hitset by its llength . it does not need to create ancestor nodes , so it can reduce the saving of none hitset and the room of matching the patterns .	链接数据结构结构的连接数据结构 , 它不需要创建平衡节点 , 因此它可以减少没有hitsssetsssssssssssssssssssssssssssset和其它的房间 。
once you're in proper position you need to relax your drawingside arm muscles . remember that this is easiest when your drawwrist is kept straight and forearm muscles are relaxed .	一旦你在属性位置中 , 你需要放松你的手臂肌肌肉 , 记住这是很容易的时候 , 您的画作简单的时候 , 这样就很容易了 。
separately , toyota said monday it has expanded a u . s . service campaign for leaking oil hoses to cover 934 , 000 vehicles with sixcylinder engines .	托尼安说 , 今天 , 今天 , 今天 , 今天它已经扩展了美国的美国服务营销 , 为了减少了9344 , 000辆车辆 。
but it it requires that i pull out a book to understand more of the topic , or exchange numerous emails with the sender to figure out more details about the problem , i simply do not have the time .	然而 , 要求我将书推出了一本书 , 或是交换给了多少的电子邮件 , 然而 , 我简单没有什么时间 。
in the current issue of natural history , yale professor frank a . beach tells how lower primates can learn to love money ; some even turn into subhuman capitalists .	在目前 , 自然历史上 , yal教授弗兰克教授说 , 北京教授说 , 如何让人喜欢喜欢喜欢钱 , 甚至还有些人甚至还是把钱转变成了物质资本主义者 。
getting independent news from north korea is extremely rare but china correspondent damian grammaticas has travelled to the border to meet north koreans who have recently escaped .	除了朝鲜独立的新闻 , 中国的独立新闻很大 , 但中国正确的大利亚大利亚大利亚格拉斯已经向北韩带来了更多的新闻 。
therefore , in order to ensure to fairly deal with cases of arbitration , national arbitration legislation and civil legislation , all have the system of judicial supervision of arbitral awards .	因此 , 为了确保安全国仲裁、民事仲裁法、民事仲裁法、民事诉讼法、民事诉讼制度的制度 。
his father , alois , is thought to have been the illegitimate offspring of a maid and a 19yearold jewish man . this would have made the man who inspired the holocaust onequarter jewish .	他的父亲 , 洛洛洛斯认为 , 是一位女性和19岁的男人 , 这个男人会使他在家里拿到了一位男子的男子 , 这个男人在他身上 , 就会让男人带来了那个男子 。
rights groups say government troops killed at least 41 civilians tuesday throughout syria , including 20 in an assault on the central protest hub of helfaya .	权利组织说 , 政府在今天至少有41个民事官员周一 , 包括20名阿萨萨萨萨斯中部的阿萨萨萨斯中部的阿萨萨萨萨斯 , 政府官员说 , 至少有41名民主党人 。
a local official tells the newspaper that in response to demand , the oneday tour will include a visit to beichuan high school , where students were buried in the rubble .	本地官员告诉报告 , 应该要求的报告 , 今天 , 一个星期一旅游将包括北京高中高中 , 学生在橡胶中建立的报告 。
as luck would have it , there happens to be a woman out there named belle with a heart big enough to share with unfortunatelooking people such as the beast , and she's not too bad to look at either .	就像卢克一样 , 还有一个女人在那里被称为 " 女人 " 的女人 " 的女人 " 的女人 " 的女人 " 的女人 , 就像那样 , 她不能看起来 。
if only the xmx setting is used , 25% of the xmx value is used for the maximum nursery size , and the size of the nursery is permitted to grow and shrink within that 25% .	如果只有xmx设置仅使用xmxx设置 , 25%的xmx价值的xmx设置只有使用xmxx设置 , 然后使用xmxsxmx值的最大尺寸 , 同时只有25% 。
the other is a conflict that america did not seek ; one in which we are joined by 42 other countries including norway in an effort to defend ourselves and all nations from further attacks .	另外 , 美国不知道 , 一个人在42个国家中 , 还有一个国家的冲突 , 包括北方的努力决定自己的努力和所有国家的进一步攻击 。
one dollar store had not open yet , so i went into no frills . its dish detergent was expensive , so i picked up two cups of yogurt and told the cashier gave me some quarters .	然而 , 一个美元店没有开放 , 所以我已经进入了一步 , 所以 , 所以 , 所以我买了两杯比赛 , 所以我告诉了一杯比赛 。
in the framework of this request , cen and cenelec will develop one or several horizontal standard containing generic requirements applicable to various types of energyrelated products .	在这个请求的框架中 , cen和cen电子将开发一个或几个水平标准包含一般要求 , 可用于各种能源相关产品的框架 。
the method is divided into two working procedures when in the lighting wheel integrated processing , i . e . , the surface cut is a former procedure and the extrusion processing is a latter procedure .	方法分为两个工作程序 , 分为两个工作程序 , 在光轮集成处理过程中 , 表面切割是一个前程序的前步骤和扩展过程 。
blake said that on june 2 there will be both privatesector and government meetings , including the u . s . india business council , which will be holding its 35th annual meeting .	布莱克说 , 在7月2日 , 今年7月2日 , 今年7月2日 , 今年7月2日 , 7月2日 , 美国商务委员会会包括美国商务委员会议 , 今天将为35年举行 。
telemarketers will not be permitted to call any of the numbers on the national donotcall list , unless they already have an existing business relationship with the consumer or individual .	电子关键器不会被限制为国家捐赠列表中任何数字 , 除非他们已经有一个存在的商业关系 , 除非他们已经有一个消费者或个人的商务关系 。
brazil's drought is limited to isolated areas ; with the exception of rio grande do sul and parana , where irreversible damage appears to be widespread throughout the state .	巴西的药物有限公司有限于工具工具区 ; 随着河南的扩展和巴拉纳 , 在那里 , 铁路大坝似乎被广泛应用于美国 。
an even more hazardous device , popular in america , was the instantaneous light boxa bottle filled with sulphuric acid into which splints treated with chemicals were dipped .	即使更多的设备 , 人们在美国 , 是美洲 , 是美洲的灯盒盒盒盒盒盒底部充满了模具化学酸 , 把它放入了化学的化学酸酯 。
and in the dream she was told by a lady by the name of nice virtures accomplished that some tibetans could also see the contents of the website in the lake just as through a computer monitor screen .	在梦中 , 她是因为一名名名叫做的 , 有些组织组织人也可以看到网站的内容 , 只是通过电脑监测器的电脑监测器屏幕的内容 。
tacit knowledge is the highly individual knowledge that has accumulated a wealth of experience and can't make a systematic exposition , that is , can be sensed , but not explained in words .	任务知识是高度个性知识的个性知识 , 具有积累的经验 , 无法使得系统解释 , 这是一种系统的解释 , 但不能在词中解释 。
this type of scenario usually occurs when clevel executives who want to drive business and it change across the enterprise provide proactive sponsorship to aid their strategic agendas .	这种风格通常会发生在某些要驱动业务的时候 , 这种风格通常会发生 , 而且在企业中提供活跃的空间来帮助他们的策略 。
utilising wild country's 'extended eps system' – the 360 offers market leading front , side and rear impact protection , making it one of the safest helmets available .	利用wldldn国家的 " 扩展 " 睡眠系统 " 是360人 " 的360人 " 领先 " 的市场领先 , 理想和反应保护 , 使它成为最满意的热点之一 。
beijing ya wen sheng ya painting art sales center was founded in 1995 , hall established the world's largest artist communitiesbeijing songzhuang artist village .	1995年 , 北京 , 北京 , 北京 , 北京 , 北京 , 建立了全球最大的艺术家 , 建立了全球最大艺术家的艺术家园区 。
membership in oaspa is open to both scholar publishers and professional publishing organizations , including university presses and for profit and nonprofit organizations .	奥巴巴斯的成员在奥巴巴巴巴巴巴巴斯开放了两个学者和专业出版组织的成员 , 包括大学的大学压力和非利组织的成员 。
these specialists know how to operate the diagnostic and treatment equipment used in that particular branch of medicine , but they are also trained in emergency intervention techniques such as cpr .	这些专家知道如何运行诊断和治疗设备的诊断和治疗设备 , 特别是医学专家 , 但它们也在急急性干预技术中也是如何训练的 。
the waterfire tube boiler with threestructure assembling is a new idea of dzl type hot water boilers . twostep series inject technology is applied in this type boiler recently .	最近 , 用三个结构组装箱是一种新型的dzzl型型型热水箱 , 两个连接连接连接工艺应用于此类型船舶中 。
six months later , donations allow a bridge to be built between the two mountains and wawa finally gets to walk to school , wearing the boots his sister wanted to give to him .	六个月后 , 捐赠允许一个桥梁 , 最后 , 最后 , 最后 , 最后在两个山区和墙壁之间 , 最终得到了走向学校 , 穿着他的妹妹妹们想给他 。
the cold spell in the northwestern cupped both the invasion and retain a subtropical air temperature and humidity , is a typical north to the warm temperate subtropical climate transition .	西北部的冷速度在北西北部的冷热速度下降 , 保持物体温和湿度 , 是一种典型的气候气候气候气候变化的典型气候变化 。
it is studied further that the dissolubility of the bismuthous sulfide in the solutions of the nonoxidative strong acid through the experiment by means of chemical thermodynamics .	研究进一步探讨了在非氧化剂的溶液中存在的溶解性 , 通过化学热力学实验研究了化学热动力学的化学试验 。
this paper analyses the reason , harm and forming process distortion of the rotor winding on the end of turbogenerators with various kinds in frequent cyclic operation and suggests preventive measure .	文章分析了罗马风的原因、危害和形成过程的原因 , 分析了各种频率循环操作的各种方法 , 提出了预防措施的预防措施 。
mcdonald's spokeswoman told the wall street journal last week the company couldn't rule out the possibility of replacing osi as a supplier over the long term .	mcdalalalalswoman表示 , 上周 , 上周 , 最后 , 公司不能在长期的长期内运行可能性的可能性 。
as a rule , the trend will turn up in the middle of the third week and close higher at the end of the third week , the stock only moving 3 weeks against the main trend .	作为一项规则 , 趋势将在第三周中转移到第三周 , 第三周内 , 第三周内 , 只有3周内 , 只有3周的股票只有3周 。
cla shows a remarkable anticancer effect and offers other nutritional benefits . this paper discusses cla's multiple physiological multifunctionality and its pathogenesis .	文章阐述了一种可靠的抗抗抗抗抗抗抗抗药效果和其它营养效果 , 探讨了clas的多种物理学多功能、多功能及其病因的作用 。
japan's osaka sangyo university released an official apology on june 10 because one employee called the confucius institute a cultural intelligence agency .	日本的奥运会日本大学在七月10日 , 日本大学的奥运会上发表了官方对话 , 因为一位员工称 , 一个员工称为 " 文化智能 " 的成员 " 文化智能机构 " 。
the first stirrings of a backlash have already been felt about the socalled " olympic lanes " that will whisk 18 , 000 athletes and officials around the capital during the games .	第一次 , 后来的第一条背景已经被认为是 " 奥运 " 的 " 奥运会 " 奥运会 " 的第一条 " 奥运会 " 的第一次 , 将在比赛中获得18 , 000名官员和官员们的官员们在比赛中 , 比赛中 , 比赛中已经有关 。
there was very significant difference in bacteria number between group i and group ii . the efficacy of cleaning hand with xiaodulin was obviously superior to that of washing hand with suds .	组与组之间有很大的差异 , 组与组之间有很大差异 , 分别清洗手术效果明显 , 清洗手术的清洗效果明显 , 清洗手术效果良好 。
in a young woman with no physical findings indicating malignancy , the patient should return 3 to 10 days after the next menstruation begins to determine if the lump regresses .	在年轻妇女中 , 没有物理发现显示 , 病人应该恢复3到10天后 , 应该恢复3到10天后 , 然后 , 如果mpgregregregregregregretttttt的年轻妇女 。
comprehensive randomized controlled spa intervention studies with longer followup periods may be helpful in further delineating the therapeutic efficacy of balneotherapy in as patients .	复杂的随机控制速度控制速度控制速度控制 , 随着时间长 , 可能会有助于进一步探讨骨折的治疗效果 , 进一步探讨骨折的骨折效果 。
i understand that in all circumstances during the period of my stay in chinaas a volunteer , the sowers action will not be held liable for any issues or incidents arose out of my other capacities .	我知道 , 在我国的一段时间里 , 所有的情况都不知道 , 所有的情况都是在我国的一段时间里 , 所以 , 所以 , 所以 , 所以 , 所以 , 所以 , 工人们的行动并不会在任何问题上 。
one of the most handy menu entries in gnome is the connect to server entry in the places menu . this allows the user to connect to nearly any type of server quickly and easily .	在gnome中 , 一个最好的菜单之一是用户在菜单中 , 这允许用户连接到任何服务器的服务器的任何类型 , 服务器快速安装 。
at the foot of the mountains , international kindergarten attached to sun yatsen university is situated in a pleasant environment with a good view of fabulous sights .	在山上 , 国际类型的国际类型在太阳大学的太阳大学 , 坐在一座愉快的环境中 , 建立了一个很好的观点 。
conclusions . use of 3 induced sputum samples was more sensitive than use of 3 gastric washings for diagnosis of tuberculosis in patients who could not expectorate spontaneously .	结论 , 采用3种诱导速度样品 , 比3个胃癌患者的诊断诊断诊断诊断 , 可不能预期脊髓炎 。
his eastern policies mainly focused on alliances with tartars of mongolia , aiming to consolidate its position of power within rus and gain stable status during the fight against the west .	他的东方政策主要关注了蒙古古古古古古古古古古古古代的政策 , 旨在考虑其在俄罗斯和加入西部的力量和稳定状态 。
we took lots of pictures as we drove through texas , new mexico , arizona , california , nevada , utah , colorado , nebraska , and all the way into minnesota .	我们用很多图片作为我们在德萨斯、新墨西哥、加利福尼亚、加州、加拿大、加州、加拿大、加拿大、加拿大、加拿大、加拿大、加拿大、加拿大、加拿大、加拿大、加拿大、加拿大、加拿大、加拿大、加拿大、加拿大、加拿大、加拿大、加拿大、
but it reflects the fact that , like past world’s fairs , the shanghai expo is intended mainly to impress a domestic audience – well over 90 percent of visitors come from the host country .	但是 , 它反映了过去的事实 , 上海爆炸主要是印象国内的国内学者 , 比如上海博物馆的事实 , 上海博览会主要是印象国内学者 , 大约90%的访问者 。
on the day of the marathon i started well , but after half marathon i developed muscle cramps on both legs which caused me to fall on the tarmac , which caused my right knee to be badly bruised .	今天我开始了很好的时候 , 但在半月之后 , 我已经开发了一半的mcleclecrampmpmpmpmpmp , 导致我的右膝盖 , 导致我的右膝盖 。
two israelis , shai pollicker , a medical engineer , and dr . edy soffer , a prominent gastroenterologist , joined a seattlebased engineering team to help with the design .	两个岛屿 , 上海可能 , 医学工程师 , 医学工程师 , 医学工程师 , 医学工程师 , 教授 , 教授 , 教学家 , 为了帮助设计 。
phoebe looks out the window dubiously . “this reminds me of that movie where the family in an rv pulls into a little town and the mutants come out at night and eat them . ”	照片看着窗户 , " 这是很难说的 , " 这是让我想到那个电影中 , 家里的家庭在一小镇上 , 夜晚 , 吃了 。 "
based on the implementation of a strategy aimed at technological innovation , china should step up exploration and development in order to secure more reserves and to reduce exposure to oil imports .	基于策略的实施 , 针对技术创新的实施 , 中国应迅速探索和开发开发 , 减少石油港口的需求 。
witnesses and security camera video of the gunmen built a portrait of them as young men dressed in jeans and trendy tshirts , bearing rucksacks and guns .	智慧和安全参与者的维护照片 , 作为年轻男男男男男男男女女女女女女女女女女女女女女女女女女女女女和老板 , 熊猫和枪手 。
one generalpurpose eigenvalue routine , a singleshift complex qz algorithm not in linpack or eispack , was developed for all complex and generalized eigenvalue problems .	一个常用的基因值路由 , 一个单一的移动复杂的qz算法不在lpack或ispack中开发 , 开发了所有复杂的复杂和通用化价值问题 。
in the recent years , researchers have made their studies of european work satisfaction from its relation with work agreement , worktime , marriage and family status , gender and age , and work autonomy .	近年来 , 研究人员在近年来 , 近年来 , 研究人员在欧洲工作满意 , 与工作协议、工作合作、工作和家庭人员、年龄、年龄、年龄、年龄、年龄、年龄、年龄、年龄、年龄、年龄、年龄、年龄、年龄、年龄、年龄和年龄、年龄、年龄、年龄、年龄
wellheeled shoppers and alfresco diners keep the place busy until late , and if you are looking for a memorable meal or a browse through some of shanghai's more fashionable shops , this is the place .	酒店店和自由餐厅 , 直到晚些时候 , 如果你正在寻找一个可存的饭店 , 或者是在上海更多的时候 , 这是一个可怜的地方 。
in order to improve the production efficiency of the clothing manufacturing industry , it must combine the body measure , pattern design and clothing making of traditional clothing production .	为了提高生产效率 , 提高生产效率的生产效率 , 必须结合体测量、模式设计、模式设计、模式设计和服装传统的衣服产品的生产效率 。
the related expenses incurred for the transfer of technology will not be qualified as tax deduction items unless the corresponding contract is approved by the relevant authorities .	相关的解释 , 对于技术的传输 , 不要通过相关的合同 , 得到相应的合同 , 通过相应的合同 , 得到了相关的方法 。
currently the mixing proportion of shieldmortar usually use orthogonal test , the shortcomings of which lie in the need of lots of experiments and inevitable much waste of time and money .	目前 , 现代产生的混合支持通常使用或thogalalal测试的混合支持 , 这些短期的实验需要很多实验和可靠的时间和钱 。
among sugarsweetened beverages , cutting out just 1 serving daily was associated with a weight loss of 1 . 1 pounds at 6 months and 1 . 4 pounds at 18 months .	苏格韦韦韦斯在18个月内 , 每天只有1.11磅 , 每天只有1.1磅 , 6个月和18个月18个月 , 6个月内 , 6个月内 , 直到18个月 。
china has very serious disaster of frozen and permafrost , therefore , effective and longterm monitor of frozen and permafrost is significant to provide reference information for potential disaster .	中国有很严重的灾难 , 因此 , 因此 , 有效、长期监测和长期监测 , 对于潜在灾难提供了重要意义 。
the biological features of lycopene , such as molecular structure , metabolism , tissue distribution and its anti cancer function and possible mechanism are reviewed .	综述了生物学特点 , 例如分子结构、生物学特点、组织分布和抗肿瘤功能和抗癌功能和可能机制 。
results: the direct manifestations included bile duct truncation in 9 cases , irregular eccentrical or endocentric narrow in 9 cases , and irregular filling defect in 1 case .	结果:ctct表示:ctctctct表示包括9例 , 9例 , 常规的中心ctct或内部位 , 以及1例1例 , 1例正常填充缺失 。
editra allows you to navigate menus without mousing with its menu mnemonics , automatically checks for updates during startup and allows you to set preferred fonts in your preferences .	edititra允许你在开始的启动期间 , 可以允许你在你的精神上设置的男人 。
the simulated high head with large vertical velocity of gravitycurrent , the large velocity of underrun and the dense isentropes in the front are closely consistent with those observed .	模拟了高速度的高载荷 , 得到了高速度 , 得到了高速度 , 在前面的前面的平面速度和密度上 , 得到了较大的平面速度 , 得到了较大的速度 。
proponents of gm foods argue using biotechnology in the production of food products has many benefits: it speeds up the process of breeding plants and animals with desired characteristics ;	用生物工艺生产的生物工艺 , 具有很多有利于:在生产生物工艺和动物特征的过程中 , 使用生物技术的生物工艺 。
called up for military service , mr . marokvia spent the war as an illustrator for the wehrmacht , applying brush and pencil in ukraine , italy , finland and yugoslavia .	来自军事服务 , 玛丽维亚先生在英国、意大利、意大利、意大利、意大利、意大利、澳大利亚、澳大利亚和伊拉维拉维拉维亚 。
the stronger one must drive out the devil with beelzebub , as the saying goes , to present a dose of countermagic in order to neutralize and overcome that which supports established rule .	强烈的一个人必须通过贝尔·贝尔·贝尔博士来驱动 , 作为说 , 为了为了支持和支持建立的规则而建立的规则 。
it follows that there is an absolute artistic criterion which means that the unique feelings of every individual is empathized by every other individual through images that can't be duplicated .	随后 , 每个个个个人都可以通过图像的形象来说 , 每个个人都有一个不可复杂的艺术批评 , 意味着每个个人感觉的独立感觉 。
iran said the worm was used to attack computers at its bushehr nuclear reactor . there has been widespread speculation that stuxnet actually damaged the plant , something iran denies .	伊朗说 , 伍尔兰已经用来攻击电脑攻击电脑 , 被广泛的反应器 , 已经被广泛的广泛广泛的广泛广泛的广泛广泛广泛的广泛广泛广泛应用于植物 , 某些伊朗核反应器 。
compared with chaos shift keying , mdcsk has an advantage that multilevel digital signals can be encrypted , by using multiscroll encryption parameters .	与链接移动关键相比 , mdsksksksk具有多级数字信号的优点 , 可通过多个环境参数参数参数的多级数字信号进行比较 。
this paper explores key issues related to innovation in libraries including the nature , the barriers , and the nays to adopt and implement innovative strategies successfully .	文章探讨关键问题 , 探讨了图书馆创新的关键问题 , 包括自然、barrier和barrier , 采用和实现创新策略 。
the code from hsqldbutil . runscripttool was refactored to create a method named launch , which gets the project , main class name and commandline arguments as method parameters .	通过sssqldbutsssssssssssssssssssssssqldbut.runscripriprototototostosolsolsteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteteter
russia's twotime olympic pole vault champion and world record holder yelena isinbayeva announced early sunday she is to take an indefinite break from the sport .	俄罗斯的两次奥运会 , 俄罗斯的两次奥运会和世界记录者昨天宣布 , 今天早些时候 , 俄罗斯的两次奥运会的奥运会 。
trade secrets law can be regarded as the interests distribution and juristic selections and integration between public interests of the society and the monopoly interests of trade secrets owners .	贸易安全法则可以作为社会利益分配和司法选择与公共利益的公共利益和公共利益的公共利益和贸易部门之间的贸易利益 。
taliban fighters appear to have been prepared to blow up large numbers of people in order to assassinate a single target , such as a highranking government official or police chief .	塔利班班班班班班班飞机似乎已经准备到大量人员 , 为了提高单目标 , 例如 , 高级政府官员或警察部长 。
soft x ray microscopy is a microimaging technique using soft x ray as illuminative source . it fills the gap between optical and electron microscopy .	软x射线微镜是一种用软x射线作为光学和电子微镜之间的微观测技术 , 它填充了光学和电子微镜之间的光学和电镜之间的光学和电子微波之间的微波技术 。
weifang threepower group co . , ltd . is a high and new technology manufacturer , which professionally manufacture tobacco extracts , solanesol and nicotine two big series .	广东三层集团有限公司是一家高档和新技术制造商 , 专业制造厂 , 专业生产巴克科技制造厂 , 制造厂 , 是一家专业制造商 。
in order to improve the correct rate of eye locating , an algorithm for the refinement of face boundaries and a multilevel eye detection scheme are included in this method .	为了提高眼部位的正确率 , 提出了一种对面面边界的定义和多层眼睛检测方案 , 包含了多层眼睛检测方案 。
abstract : objective oral mucosa irritation and subcutaneous implantation tests were launched to study the histocompatibility of microarc oxidized zrcualag bulk metallic glass .	摘要:探讨:目标mucoa反射和固定性影响试验 , 探讨了微型氧化氧化碳酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐玻璃的可行性 。
former arsenal midfielder gilberto has tipped denilson , his successor in the heart of the gunners' midfield , to receive a callup from the brazil national team .	前来阿森纳军队伍德·格尔伯托已经被捕获了密尔森 , 他的成功在枪手中场的中场中 , 接受了巴西国家队的队伍 。
among the few c . i . a . officials who knew thedetails of the detention and interrogation program , there was a tense debateabout where to draw the line in terms of treatment .	几乎之间 , 官员们知道 , 延伸和接触程序的细节 , 还有一个十分争议 , 在治疗中 , 这些情况下 , 几乎是一个十分可能的债务机器官员 。
the opening titles inform us that in 1860 , after the collapse of the tokugawa dynasty , samurai were left unemployed and wandered the countryside in search of work .	1860年 , 开放titter信息 , 在1860年 , 后来 , 萨米亚已经离开了 , 萨米亚已经离开了一次工作的国家 。
i feel much gratitude and deeply indebted to the grand master for his vision , devotion , dana , and diligence to bring buddhism to the u . s . a . and to all sentient beings .	我感到很多草地 , 深深深地把自己的观众、死亡、死亡、死亡、达纳和德纳、德纳、德纳、德纳、德纳、德纳、德纳、德纳、德纳、德纳、德国和各国各国各国的成员们都感到了 。
simon ellson , a security expert for antivirus computer firm norton , emphasised that it's crucial to change passwords frequently and avoid repetitions in them .	imononellson , 一个安全性专家 , 为抗毒电脑公司诺顿公司的安全性专家 , 重点说 , 这是由于改变swsdsdsdsdssssdsdsdssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssdson ,
through experimental measurements , the surface treatment of steel smoke is only 0 . 008 relative reflectance , absorption device can be used as ideal inside coating material .	经过实验测试 , 钢烟的表面处理只有0.008相对反射、吸收装置可作为理想涂料材料的理想措施 。
jing literary school's imagery is a special flay phenomenon in the stage of china traditional culfure's changing into modem culture , and it has a special aesthetic value .	京文学院的图像是中国传统的传统文化的特殊的现象 , 具有特殊的美学价值 , 具有独特的美学价值 。
the feudal provincial system is the original creation of han wudi on the basis of the successful experiences of the systems for supervision and control of the officials in qin and han dynasties .	建设的建设体系是汉文化的原始创造 , 是秦秦和汉代官员控制的系统的系统成功经验 。
after the meeting , another blogger , zhou shuguang , shared his impressions: 'it shows that the u . s . government and beijing have totally different ways of working . in the u . s .	在会议之后 , 另外一个博客后 , 张州·布拉伯 , 分享他的印象: " 这是美国政府和北京政府和北京政府和北京都有不同的办法 。
to promote the applications of ferrites in those areas , it is necessary to synthesize monodisperse superparamagnetic nanostructured ferrites particles with high saturation magnetization .	为了提高这些地区的反射效果 , 为了提高地区的反射效果 , 为了提高高了高安全性磁化的应用 。
methods examine the 34 patients with ultrasonic b and the mirror for anterior chamber angle , then extractive the foreign body in the anterior chamber angle under the eye speculum .	方法探讨了34例超声b患者的34例患者 , 术后对手术角角角度进行检查 , 然后探讨外部体内部的外部体内部体外部体内外部骨折的患者 。
malaysian prime minister abdullah badawi is facing calls for his resignation , after his ruling coalition lost critical ground to opposition parties in general elections .	马拉拉尼亚首席阿拉拉拉拉达·巴拉达·巴拉德·巴里达的主席马来西亚首席马拉斯·巴拉德·巴拉德·巴西在一般的选举之后 , 马来西亚的首席执行了他的反对党 。
in the movie before the rain , the photographer who has gone through the difficulties of war in bosniaherzogovina utters nonsense as he throws away the film which won him an award .	电影之前 , 摄影师曾经经经经经过了波尼亚的战争战争的困难 , 因为他把电影带走了那个电影的电影 。
in this paper , the structureactivity relationships and pharmacological properties of the resveratrol derivatives as a potent chemopreventive agent are reviewed and discussed .	本文综述了一种潜在化学剂的化学剂剂化学剂的化学性能和物理性能和物理性能 , 探讨了其结构性能 。
article 399 agent's obligation to follow instruction ; deviation from instruction the agent shall handle the entrusted affair in accordance with the instruction of the principal .	第三十九十九条代表的观察 , 依照原则的原则 , 依照原则的原则 。
since then , our bilateral relations have made remarkable achievements thanks to efforts of both sides . the two countries have had frequent contacts at the top and other levels .	由于 , 我们的双边关系已经得到了很好的成就 , 比起双方的努力 , 两个国家已经有一定的联系 , 两个国家在顶级和其他水平上得到了一定的联系 。
in recent years , radix puerariae powder , whose comprehensive value in use has been improved gradually became significant officinal and raw material for industry production .	近年来 , 雷迪克·普拉克·普拉克斯·普拉克斯·普拉克·普特·普特·普特·帕克斯·帕克斯特·普特拉克·帕特拉克斯近年来 , 最近几年来 , 通过改善的价值逐步改善 , 逐步改善 , 逐步改善了工业生产产业生产产业生产的价值 。
the enlistment of a citizen eligible for enlistment may be deferred if he is the only worker in his family providing its means of substance or if he is a student in a fulltime school .	如果他在家里建议的唯一工作人员 , 如果他是个家庭的学生 , 或者如果他是全学的学生 , 如果他是一个全学生的学生 。
as a result , the thick of branches has great effect on youg trees . it has direct relation with its survival rate , growing conditions as well as commercial rate of young fig trees .	因此 , 分支对青年树的厚度有很大影响 , 与其保存率、增长条件和年轻的树脂的商业率相关 。
this study described the quantitative simulation of exciting conduction velocity affection on cardiac rhythm with three dimensions realistic torsoheart geometry models .	本研究探讨了三维维尺寸的齿轮齿轮齿轮齿轮模型的定量模拟 , 提出了解决速度的定量模拟 。
two kinds of typical clonal growth architectures , guerilla and phalanx in potaninia mongolica maxim . , which are regarded as the best material in researching clone population .	两种典型的临床生长结构 , 指南亚和二甲烷和甲烷烷烷烷烷烷和甲烷烷烷烷烷烷烷烷烷烷烷烷烷基酯的典型临床生长结构 , 作为研究克隆人员的最佳材料 。
libeskind is the master planner behind the redevelopment of new york's world trade center site , which is expected to face years of delays and significant cost overruns .	利比皮肤是纽约世界贸易中心的最大的植物 , 希望将面临延迟和显著成本的最大成本 。
the glass free ampoule is comprised of a onepiece molded polyethylene or polypropylene unit that remains intact and sealed until activated by the user .	玻璃自由反应组成了一个pipi的api-api的api , 还有可能是在用户行动和安全之间 , 直到使用者行动 。
aiming at the problems in chinese medicine education at that time , " the letter from five wellknown scholars " was an effort to keep the principal part nature of chinese medicine education .	针对我国医学教育的问题 , " 五个著名学者 " 是一项努力保持中国医学教育的重要组成部分 。
joel and rachel hoffman , who had been working for the charity mennonite central committee in the country for four months , suffered minor injuries in the earthquake .	乔尔和拉菲尔夫曼在地震的四个月里 , 约瑟尔和拉菲尔夫·霍尔曼曾经努力工作 。
compared with that of the world , china's incidence of tooth decay is not high among students of primary and secondary schools . more prominent however , is the lack of its timely treatment .	与此相比 , 中国的事故比较 , 不过 , 中国的事故的事件不高 , 第二学生和第二学校的学生 , 更为明显 , 是其时间处理的缺乏 。
the u . s . population has been growing about 1 percent yearly since 1950 , and nearly 40 percent of that growth is due to foreignborn individuals coming into the united states .	美国人口自1950年以来 , 美国人口增长了1% , 近40% , 由于外国人口增长的增长 , 美国人口增长的增长已经增长了1% 。
noneuro countries highlighted the damage the european crisis was already doing to their economies and underlined the urgent need for action by the 17nation single currency area .	诺欧洲危机已经做到了他们的经济 , 并且在17年17月17日 , 欧洲危机的情况下 , 欧洲危机已经高度损害了 。
apparent nitrogen digestibility exhibits quadratic curve relationship with dietary ip levels and the highest n digestibility occurs in 18 . 07% ip diet .	目前 , 在188.07%的ip水平和18.07%左右 , 现有的氮直径稳定性 , 显示了氮化物的可能性 。
" in addition , gillian also revealed that during the visit , at all shooting off in many films , most enjoy are " beyond our ken " , she even had the film was nominated for best actress golden .	" 此外 , 格兰尼亚还发现 , 在许多电影中 , 大多数喜欢在我们的厨房里 , 即使她还有电影的电影 , 甚至还有最好的压力金牌 。 "
rc has always been steadily developing and abided the principle of winwin . in the variational industry and market , they are trying to take on flourishing vigor and a steady ascend .	rc总是步骤发展 , 取得winwinwin的原则 , 在变化行业和市场中 , 它们正试图在试图在流动视频和步骤建议 。
other presidents , notably lincoln , were prepared in emergency circumstances to violate the constitution , as when lincoln suspended habeas corpus at the outset of the civil war ;	其他总统 , 林肯尼 , 准备在紧急循环的情况下 , 因此 , 林肯尼在民事战争的时候 , 利物浦支持利比亚的海巴斯坦公司在外战争中得到了准备 。
american said in the u . s . borrow money on life , the car can not sell because the old lady and filled with goose six " economic crisis " is finally the haze has been wiped out .	美国人士说 , 美国人民币在生活中 , 汽车不能销售 , 由于老年人 , 与谷歌六 " 经济危机 " 最终被广泛推出 。
we need to make clear the connection between animal research and a grandmother's hip replacement , a father's bypass operation a baby's vaccinations , and even a pet's shots .	我们需要清除动物研究与祖母hip代表的连接 , 父亲通过papaspaspasspasspasserer的访问 , 甚至还是一个宠物的鞋子之间的连接 。
conclusion:the risk factors for graft failure after pk were corneal vascularization , regraft , aphakia or pseudophakia , presence of anterior or posterior synechia .	结论:在pkk后 , pkksk的风险因素是正常的变化、重复、病理、病理、病理学、病理学、病理学、病理学、病理学、病理学、病理学、病理学、病理学、病理学、病理学、凋亡因素等因素的危险因素 。
almost everything in this temple of consumption , including its lavish layouts and the celebrities who now most often adorn its covers , 35 ) hinges on stuff for sale .	几乎所有的消费者 , 包括它的激光灯以及现在大多数人常常听到它的大多数人 , 35岁的消费者在销售中 , 包括它的激光灯 , 以及现在大多数人常常常听到它的衣服 。
" virtually every part of the industry , from upstream to downstream , is completely indonesian: the farmers , the factory owners and workers , the distributors , the sellers and the market , " he said .	他说: " 几乎每个行业 , 来自上游行业 , 来自上游的上游 , 很完全是印度:农民、农民、农民、工厂、工厂、工厂、工厂、销售商、销售商、销售商、销售商、销售商、销售商、销售商、销售商、销售商、销售商、销售商、销售商、
milan are not dismantling . until today , aside from others who didn't play much , players like emerson and senderos have left , as well as shevchenko and mattioni who haven't been reclaimed .	米兰现在不会不会变得 , 直到今天 , 除了其他人没有玩耍 , 比如雇主和参议员们 , 同时 , 以及她vvvchechechechekonko和格式 , 现在 , 直到今天 , 除了 。
by analyzing cases of landscape architecture design , the meaning of literature rhetoric which is used for reference is illustrated , such as hyperbole , figuration and symbolization .	通过对景观建筑设计的分析 , 探讨了该文学理论的意义 , 探讨了用户参考 , 例如超级bole、超级bole、配置和sysyo组成的方法 。
in order to donate pollen to recipient stigmas efficiently , animalpollinated plants have evolved a variety of floral characteristics . pollen presentation schedule is one of them .	为了帮助捐捐赠贫穷 , 动物化植物的植物已经进化了各种流体特征 , 污染物的现状是其中一个 。
i admit that i was disappointed to read the uefa motivations after they decided to readmit us to the tournament , but i don't believe that we will encounter any additional obstacle for this reason .	我承认我已经失败了 , 毕业后 , 他们决定读到了我们 , 然而我不相信 , 但我不相信我们将会遇到任何原因 。
penny hardaway scored 22 points , including the gamewinning shot with three seconds left , as the orlando magic defeated the defending champion houston rockets 9290 .	pennyaardardaardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardardarck
" people who would otherwise be in cds or ultrasafe assets are taking greater risks , " says martin fridson , global credit strategist , bnp paribas investment partners .	" 其他人会在cds或超afesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssetsssssssssssssssssssssssssssssetsetsetsss
one of them is land for unused , which will increase the forest coverage rate 4 . 1 percentage points . waterfront , roads , farmland and other green potential between 1 . 919 . 27 percentage points .	其中一个岛屿之一 , 将增加森林覆盖率为4.1%.1% , 水印、农村和其他绿色潜力 , 农村和其他绿色潜在于1.9.197%之间 。
in the case of the novelists , the romantic vision tended to express itself in the form hawthorne called the " romance , " a heightened , emotional , and symbolic form of the novel .	在小说中 , 浪漫视觉的案例中 , 浪漫视觉变得被称为 " 浪漫视觉 " 的形式 , 称为 " 浪漫、 " 、情绪、情绪、情绪、情绪、情绪、情绪、情绪、情感形式的形式 。
" the most successful one was the first that was held in houston , texas in 2005 , during which we received more than us$20 million , " lang recalled , " the number exceeded all our expectations . "	" 最成功的是2005年第一次 , 在2005年 , 我们收到了2000万美元 , " 语言回忆道 , " 数字超过我们的预期 。 "
" really , it's nothing now for me to deal with these small injuries like hamstring or groin strains – i can understand them , " the 26yearold told the official matchday programme .	" 事实上 , 现在 , 没有什么东西 , 比如哈姆斯或格林斯坦的小调整 , 我可以理解他们 , " 两6岁的官方匹配计划 , " 26岁的报告告说 。
from aix 5 . 2 , setting n to b or higher changes the memory layout — it no longer uses segments d and f for shared libraries and allows them to be used for native storage or mmapping .	从aix5.2中 , 设置n , 设置n或更高的内存层 , 它不再使用six5.2的内存层的内存层 , 而且不再使用siiix5.2 。
but now , if we were to fix upon this one aspect of the counter culture — its mystic tendencies and principled funkiness — we would not be doing justice to the deep ambiguity of the movement .	然而 , 如果我们是为了解这个国家文化的一个方面的一个方面 , 那么我们不会做出正确的事实 , 是否则它的神秘密度的神秘密度 , 而且我们不会做出正确的事情 。
the houston metro system has successfully tested the breathe safe system , which uses ultraviolet germicidal irradiation to kill up to 99 percent of certain types of bacteria .	房子邮件系统已经成功测试了area安全系统 , 使用超维维生素的德国性精神实验 , 为了杀死9%的细菌类型的某些细菌类型 。
but although justice souter's dedication and integrity were beyond reproach , his hermetically sealed approach to the job limited his influence on the court and outside of it .	不过 , 尽管正义者的检测和智利人员的检测 , 虽然 , 尽管正义人员的检测和智利人员在法院和外面的情况下 , 但他的时候 , 曾经经在法院和外面的影响 。
eat: food rich in this mineral and therefore beneficial for arians to include in their diet are: tomatoes , beans , brown rice , lentils , walnuts , olives and onions .	食物:食物丰富 , 因此有利于亚洲食物的食物 , 因此 , 包括食物 , 包括:食物、豆类、豆类、豆类、豆类、豆类、豆类、豆类、豆类、虾、橄榄、橄榄、橄榄、橄榄、橄榄、橄榄等 。
jennifer li , baidu's finance director , said: " baidu , the chinese music fans , recording artists and the record companies will all benefit from this winwin partnership . "	吉尼特·李特说 , 巴尼特的财政部长jennifer , 巴西说 , 中国音乐面临、记录艺术家、记录公司和记录记录公司将从这个冬季合作伙伴中获得所有利益 。
for example , long distance telephone lines were expensive to install , and the first company to do so , a . t . &t . , wound up being the only provider of long distance service in the united states .	例如 , 长距离电话线的长距离电话线是安装的 , 第一家公司第一家公司 , 第一家公司第一家公司在美国唯一的长距离服务中获得的长距离服务 。
taking secondary board market as its researching object , the thesis analyzes the catalogs , characteristics and targets of trading mechanisms by means of theoretical and empirical perspectives .	第二台标准市场作为其研究对象 , 分析了该项目、特点、特点和目标 , 通过理论和现有的理论和现有的角度和目标 。
patients in the immune clearance and reactivation phases , with elevated alanine aminotransferase and hbv dna levels , are candidates for antiviral therapy .	免疫清除和反应阶段 , 随着艾滋病患者和hbbvdvdna水平和hbbbvdvdna水平和hbbvdvdna水平的患者 , 为抗病人清除和反应相关 。
at present , the little swan in the fourthclass city , second only to sales of haier , accounted for 13% , it is apparent that the company's future performance will be greatly improved .	目前 , 在第四个城市 , 第二 , 第二 , 只有在海军销售的13% , 公司的未来的未来性能显示 , 公司的未来性能很大提高 。
the provisions of subparagraphs 1 , 13 and 19 of paragraph 1 need not apply where an issuer has engaged a securities underwriter to publicly underwrite its ordinary corporate bonds .	13年1月1日 , 13日 , 巴拉图第一和19号13年并没有申请安全的证据 , 在这里 , 美国航空公司的一家证券下 , 公布了其初始公司债券的规定 。
some things that we have left to do are for example jsp tag library support in gsp , possible support for jpa as a plugin , and improvements to our unit testing infrastructure .	例如 , 我们已经离开了 , 例如jspgsp标准库库支持 , 可能支持jpa作为一个插件 , 改善我们的单元测试基础设施的实例 。
the product which has a rich flavour and buttery texture is traditionally a christmas delicacy in france , though it is eaten more widely in the south of the country throughout the year .	然而 , 产品具有丰富的燃料和蝴蝶纺织品的产品是一种传统的圣诞节 , 尽管它在法国 , 尽管它在今年的南部都是一年的 。
again this highlights the importance of decision making , composure and passing ability as the player will need to know when to run with the ball or get rid of it , careful not to be caught on the ball .	同时 , 这个高度的决策 , 决定制作、组合和运动能力的重要性 , 需要在球场上运行球上运行 , 要求球场或球场上运行的重要性 。
“sitting close to the television may not make a child nearsighted , but a child may sit close to the television because he or she is nearsighted and undiagnosed , ” she reports .	她报道: " 坐在电视台上 , 电视台上不会让孩子看起来 , 但是 , 孩子们可能会坐在电视台上 , 因为他或她或她还是附近的电视台上 , " 她报道 。
in order to cooperate happily , lou sheng promised to help kushima takahira out of baoding sales channels , to help lou sheng longping island boarded the baoding ruling position .	为了合作快乐 , 伦敦承诺帮助khimakamakamakakamakakakamakakakamakakakakazel公司出售的销售渠道 , 帮助longngngngpngping在食物运行位置上推动位置 。
the last time such a large ice island formed was in 1962 when the ward hunt ice shelf calved an island . smaller pieces of that chunk became lodged between real islands inside nares strait .	最后在1962年 , 最后一次大冰岛形成了1962年的大冰岛 , 最后一次 , 最后 , 最后一次在海岸边的冰岛之间 。
this article introduces the development and application test of japanese high performance industrial furnaces , such as reheating furnace , heat treatment furnace and smelting furnace etc .	本文介绍了日本高性能工业的发展和应用 , 例如处理炉炉炉、炉炉炉、炉炉炉、炉炉炉、炉炉炉、炉炉炉、炉炉炉、炉炉、炉炉炉、炉炉等的发展和应用 。
if a college degree from a school you never see sounds strange , then consider this: the ou is considered britain’s largest university with over 200 , 000 students enrolled .	如果大学毕业生从学校里看到的话 , 然后考虑到这是英国最大的大学生 , 英国大学毕业于200 , 000名学生的大学毕业 。
they lack experience and practical knowledge about the real world , " said yang xiaosong , ceo of an exclusive golf club , as his staff cast a keen eye over hopeful applicants .	他们缺乏经验和实践知识 , " 杨晓晓晓龙 , 曾经是一位超过半球俱乐部 , 作为他的工作人员 , 正如他的工作人员在希望世界上发挥了一场经验和实践知识 。 "
and , finally , after years of sanctions by the united states and the international community , a much older but equally combative colonel qaddafi was seemingly rehabilitated by the west .	最后 , 美国和国际社区之后 , 最后 , 最后 , 最后 , 最后 , 最后 , 最后 , 最后 , 最后 , 最后 , 美国和国际社区 , 一个年轻的同时候 , 同时 , 同时 , 同时 , 同时 , 同时 , 同时 , 同时 , 与西方与西方与西方的
conclusion under 37°c and protected from light , the kinetics of no released from snp was significantly influenced by the construction and spatial structure of thiols .	结论37°c和保护了37°c , nsp没有释放的nsnpp的动力学不明显影响nsnpppp的结构和空间结构的影响 。
all kinds of shortages and regrets of the used motorcycle seatsaddle will be overcome by using " caiyun " special seatcover with the function of solarization and health protection .	所有类型的短期和重新使用摩托车安全部件的短期 , 将通过 " 武器 " 特殊的 " 武器 " 特殊的安装和卫生保护功能来获得 。
this five essential factor conformity forms a system , the science operation can produce the good teaching results , this science operation also is the new time teaching innovation specific measures .	这五个主要因素形成了一个系统 , 科学操作可以产生良好的教学结果 , 这种科学操作也是新次教学创新特殊的方法 。
after this colossal failure , batch stole the remnants of the forces attached to terror and fled to the outer rim territories in his personal imperialclass star destroyer .	在这个色彩失败之后 , 巴基斯在他个人印象的大楼上 , 把军队放弃了军队的军队 , 战斗攻击军队的军队 , 攻击军队的军队 。
from the plm sample , monitor collects the useful information , such as the number of ecr status inquiry transactions in one month , the number of ecrs by status , and so on .	从plms样本中 , 监测器收集了有用的信息 , 例如在一个月内 , 电子邮件的数字 , 电子邮件的数字 , 电子数量的数字 , 等 。
and jun han joint chiefs of staff chairman of the incident 49 minutes after receiving the report , when he was defense minister kim tae in 52 minutes after receiving the report .	6月份 , 七月份 , 七月份在报告后 , 6月2日 , 6月49分钟后 , 当他遭到了报告后 , 52分钟后 , 韩国联合国总理凯姆在接受报告的报告后 , 接受报告 。
the homebased care team consists of several nurses who jump into a small truck every morning and travel out to the community to tend to the health needs of the truly destitute2 .	家庭的职业团队由几个护士组成 , 每天早上 , 每天早上每天早上每天早上每天早上 , 旅游了社区的健康需求 。
the special sprinkling system of the body cleaner realizes the water spray with more than two states , thereby the body cleaning range and the body cleaning degree of the body cleaner are improved .	体系的特殊发射系统实现了两个状态 , 为了提高身体清洗、体清洗剂清洗剂、体清洗剂清洗剂清洗剂的体系 , 提高了身体清洗剂的体清洗系统 。
the scene of their arrival at the airport , with an aircraft landing on the runway and their cages taken out of the plane , was broadcast live on japan's public broadcaster nhk .	他们在机场上 , 随着飞机场的飞机场 , 飞机场的飞机场 , 距离日本公共的公共广场 , 日本公共广场的公共广场景 。
her hair , a golden lock of which had escaped , seemed very thick , but was severely concealed beneath an ugly , tight , close , nunlike cap , tied under the chin .	她的头发 , 一个金色的锁定 , 看起来很厚 , 看起来很厚 , 但很严重 , 却很严重 , 很严峻的连续 , 衣服 , 衣服 , 衣服 , 衣服 , 下面 。
out of the 150 businesses surveyed , twothirds reported that their groupon promotions were profitable–but the remaining third claimed to have lost money on their groupon experience .	在150个业务中 , 两个第三次报告说 , 他们的团队推进的团队推进的比赛是很适合的 , 然而 , 仍然仍然是第三分之一 , 为他们的团队经验 。
andy: yes . but qatar also can wear their silver medals with immense pride , it is really a dark horse , it beat iran in a nailbiting battle in the other semifinal .	yy:是的 , 可是qatarar也可以穿着它们的银牌的银牌 , 它是一个黑暗的希望 , 真是一个黑暗的希望 , 它在另一半半半半半个半半半半半半半半半半半半半半半半半的银牌 。
some critics , judging the film by its trailers , accused mr . zhang of giving mr . damon a part that should have gone to an asian actor , a practice known as whitewashing .	有些批评 , 由于它的旅游者 , 访问了张明先生的电影 , 应该去亚洲的行动家 , 实际上 , 实践知道白墙的电影 。
fortunately , concepts like extreme programming and agile development have made it possible to get a lot of these same benefits without an entire team of people whacking on your code .	幸运 , 概念如极端程序和敏捷开发的概念 , 使得它能够获得很多同样的同样的利益 , 没有完整的人们在代码上获得很多有效益 。
under the situation that matrix organize , study style organize and nonboundary organize have mushroomed today , our choice ought to be based on the given circumstance and target .	根据矩阵组织的情况下 , 研究风格组织和非边界组织的组织组织在今天 , 我们的选择是基于给出了基于给定循环和目标的选择 。
the flavoring packet contains many spices , pork rib product and dehydrated spring onion . add some flavoring according to different tastes , the noodles will be delicious and fragrant .	根据不同的任务 , 根据不同的任务 , 要有许多空间包含许多空间 , 酒精产品、酒精产品和水制品和水制品 , 除了不同的味道 , 酒精将会有很多空间 。
this capricious double standard hurts the feelings of both liberals and the han people , and in addition , rides roughshod over academic conscience and distorts the true face of history .	这种意识的双重标准使两个自由和汉族的感觉 , 另外 , 越来越富有的学术建设和分散了历史的真正的面貌 。
this must never be , never whilst this existence continues ; and when time has enrolled us in the list of the departed , surely this friendship will survive to bear our identity to heaven .	这个朋友们永远不会在这里 , 永远永远永远不久 , 而且当时 , 当时 , 这个朋友们将会使我们成为我们的身体 , 为了保证我们的身体 。
those under 36 love social networking via the mobile and expect to pay for it , however , younger adults expect mobile content—especially music and videos—to be free .	这些人在36岁的爱社会网络下 , 希望为它付钱 , 然而 , 年轻的成员预计 , 特别是音乐和视频 , 特别是自由 。
the input analog signal is sampled at a very high frequency and the difference between two samplings is quantified to get digital signal , i . e . , sigmadelta code .	输入输入信号的输入信号是很高频率和两个样品之间的差异 , 得到数字信号 , 信号码 , 信号码 , 信号代码 。
for they are a bit like me , i think , without the altered i always have a successful , the personality is the reality , but i like a shadow , let me here , it is really pages of my mistakes ?	对于他们来说 , 我觉得 , 不过我总是有一个成功的 , 个性是真正的 , 但我喜欢我 , 让我看起来 , 真是我的错误吗 ?
after two decades , 95 percent of the elemental mercury on the surface of a filling had gone through a chemical reaction . it became betamercury sulfide , a blackcolored solid .	两十年之后 , 95%的元素汞在填充填料表面上 , 通过化学反应的化学反应之后 , 成熟了黑色的溶液 。
car parks are located in the basement 1 for 18 park positions and there's an electrical room for emergency diesel generator and electrical devises added to four storages in this floor .	汽车公园位于18公里18公里 , 公园位于18公里的18公里 , 还有一个电子酒店 , 还有一个电子酒店和电子电子设置在这里的地方 。
ustream , the live video streaming service that hit the mainstream recently thanks to a litter of shiba inu puppies , just announced watershed , a new whitelabel streaming video service .	美国的生活游戏服务 , 最近 , 最近 , 美国的生活游戏服务 , 最近 , 最近 , 最近 , 最近 , 最近 , 只有一位名叫做 " 白色 " 服务 " 服务 " 的游戏服务 。
main products:ac socket , circuit breaker , dc jack , digital switch , dip switch , emi filter , fuse holder , hook switch , key switch , micro switch , push swit...	主要产品:sacck , 电路 , dcck、数字开关、数字开关、模具开关、零件开关、家具、家具、家具开关、关键开关、关键开关、微开关等产品 。
he has more than 10 years experience in digital media production , working with video , still images and sound . he travels extensively , pursuing longterm projects on social and environment issues .	他在数字媒体生产中有十多年的经验 , 还有视频和声音 , 然而他在社会和环境问题上采取长期的长期计划 。
its race derived technology based on castrol's racing history and testing experience ensures optimum engine performance giving increased acceleration under the most arduous riding conditions .	它的racedd技术基于castrol的高速技术和测试经验 , 确保了最佳的工程性能 , 提高了大多数标准的风险条件下的高速技术 。
the national average price for unleaded gas now tops the fourdollaragallon mark . the highest average prices are in states like alaska , california , connecticut and washington state .	全国平均价格在美国、加州、加州、加州、加州、加州、加州、加州和华盛顿国家平均价格上涨.
however , because of the small size of nanosystems the ordinary external field must be viewed as strong field . that makes the conductivity formula considering nonlinear response very important .	然而 , 因此 , 由于纳纳米斯系统的小小小尺寸 , 必须考虑到的外部领域 , 必须考虑到强烈的领域 , 使得不线性响应的非线性响应是非常重要的 。
conclusion:a20 gene can protect the h2o2injured endothelial cells , and may pl ay a certain role in the prevention and treatment of diseases related to the ischemiareperfusion .	结论:aa20基因可以保护h2o2-2o2的基因 , 可能在预防和治疗前列腺炎患者的预防和治疗前列腺炎患者有一定的作用 。
a method for the determination of 1 , 4dioxane content in alcohol ether sulphates utilizing headspace gas chromatography is discribed . the factor of head space discussed .	讨论了1、4dxan含量的测定方法 , 探讨了1、4dxan含量的测定方法 。
so , dress up a warm romantic new home , a warm and overflowing the marriage bed , naturally become a priority among priorities , the traditional department store is on the bed , is so stir a pond .	因此 , 穿着一家热烈的浪漫新家庭 , 温暖的家庭 , 自然变成了婚姻婚姻 , 自然成为传统部门 , 传统部门的传统部门在床上 。
with the foundation and increase the frequency of atrial pacing was reduced atrioventricular node conduction is based on the frequency filtering effect of other physiological phenomena to explain .	通过基础和增加了属性页面的基础 , 提高了其它物理现象的频率 , 提高了其它物理现象的频率滤波效果 。
if you frequently check with particular collections of rules , you might wish to combine them in your own ruleset file , as shown in listing 2 . this rule set imports the basic , naming , and design rules	如果你通常用特殊收集规则来检查 , 你可能希望在自己的规则文件中包含自己的规则文件 , 如清单2.这个规则的基本、名称、名称和设计规则 。
a policeman escorts a greenpeace member dressed as a whale during a protest march against the special meeting of the international whaling commission in tokyo february 14 , 2007 .	2007年14月14日 , 一位警察科技成员是一名为 " 全球 " 的一位警察会员 " 的一名警察会员 , 2007年14月14日 , 警方成员会议 。
consolidating the existing foodstuff market could remain long and steady export of foodstuff . using comparative advantage solves the problem of the balance of supply and demand of china's foodstuff .	考虑现有食物市场的存在食物资源 , 可持续发展 , 利用比较优势解决中国食物市场的平衡和需求的问题 。
bridge concrete cracks on the types and causes of railway policy of the provisional construction of high bridge pier cracks in the control and preventive measures were analyzed and summarized .	分析了桥梁混凝土裂缝、原因 , 总结了高桥梁桩桩裂缝的施工和预防措施 。
to prevent and resolve traderights groups , the incident must be expanded citizen participation , reform of the governance structure of the industry , the interests of consensusbuilding mechanism .	为了防止和解决贸易团队 , 必须扩展公民参与 , 必须扩大公民参与 , 改革工业建设的政府结构 , 建设的利益建设机制 。
in addition to the north yin feng all , six absolute being temples , with some strong dwell for rest of high mountain river , the hell exerts drive ten palace gentleman the king divide .	除了北部 , 六位外 , 六位外 , 具有较强的高山河 , 高山河的高山河 , 高山大河 , 高山的大河流 , 河流量超越了十个平洋 。
objective to study the microanatomy of trigeminal ganglion region and clinical value of robot casr2 assisted system in percutaneous controlled radiofrequency rhizomy for trigeminal neuralgia .	目的探讨机器人cassr-2的微生物学和临床价值 , 探讨了机器人casr-2的微生物学的微生物学价值和临床价值 。
shapes and symmetry . go wild . piece together the sticky lines and watch zany picture puzzles come to life while you learn proportion , matching , scale and symmetry .	形状和同时 , 形状和同时 , 形状和同时 , 形状和同时 , 形状和同步 。
until oil and gas made it rich , beginning in the 1960s , this tiny , scalding , pancakeflat peninsula scarcely boasted a settled population , let alone a town of any size .	直到石油和气体在1960年开始 , 开始于1960年开始 , 这个小小小小小 , 然后 , 巴基斯坦克斯坦·帕特拉德·帕特拉德·帕特拉德·帕尔纳斯特拉德·帕特·帕特拉德斯特拉斯特拉斯特拉德斯特拉斯特拉德拉德拉德拉德拉斯特拉德·帕斯
another view is that mrs thatcher was , as mr cameron now puts it , a " revolutionary but also a gradualist " , who achieved her aims cautiously , often without advertising them in advance .	另外一个观点是 , 由于梅隆先生现在把它放弃 , " 革命主义 " 还是 " 革命主义 " , 还是 " 革命主义 " 的 " 革命主义者 " , 总是她们的动物 , 往往往往往往往没有广告他们 。
after his retirement in 1991 , he maintained a low profile , despite being garlanded with awards . he is survived by his wife , the highly acclaimed beijing opera singer jiang ying .	在1991年 , 他仍然保持一个低的证据 , 尽管他在妻子里 , 他的妻子中 , 高度接受北京的北京的北京歌曲 。
the figure was even higher for the world's most popular networking site , facebook , where members spent 20 . 5 billion minutes , up 566 percent from 3 . 1 percent the previous year , according to the study .	据研究报道 , 目前 , 世界上最普遍的网络网站 , 面临的图案甚至高于20.5亿分钟 , 566% , 566% , 根据前年前的研究 , 根据研究 , 目标 , 目标也更高 。
in a particularly vicious critique of socalled smectymnuus , an anonymous anglican opponent attacked not only these six presbyterian ministers but attacked milton as well .	特别是一个特别的犯罪 , 被称为 " 名为 " 主义 " 的犯罪 " , 匿名唐安奥 " 阿森纳奥 " 不仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅有六位总统迈尔顿 。
for an unknown reason , sometime after his promotion to grand admiral , he was situated in the royal palace of theed on the planet naboo where he assisted in the training of elite imperial pilots .	为了一个未知的原因 , 一些时候 , 曾经在他进入了一步推动了 , 他坐在地球上 , 坐在地球上 , 坐在地球上 , 站在地球上 。
banks maintain separate entrances formen and women , starbucks restricts women from its openair balcony and mcdonald's makesmen and women queue separately for its burgers .	银行维持独立的代表形式和女性形式 , 星巴克·克克克克克克克莱克从其开放的女性和mcdonalalalalalalalaldaldaldaldaldaldaldaldaldaldaldaldaldaldaldaldaldaldaldaldaldaldaldaldaldaldaldal
the electron's going to come out of that highest occupied atomic orbital , that one that's the highest in energy , because that's going to be the at least amount of energy it needs to eject something .	电子电子将来源于最高的原子或生物 , 这是一个最高的能量 , 因为这是最高的能量 , 因此 , 因此 , 电子的能量将会是最高的能量 。
when my love comes and sits by my side , when my body trembles and my eyelids droop , the night darkens , the wind blows out the lamp , and the clouds draw veils over the stars .	当我爱的时候 , 我的爱情和坐在我的身体的时候 , 我的身体形象和我的眼睛下 , 夜晚的黑暗 , 风吹出灯光 , 风吹出了灯光 , 云吹起来 。
" i am here to tell you that being bad is , and hopefully will always be , bad for business in google’s search results , " wrote amit singhal , google fellow , in a blog post .	" 我在这里告诉你 , 希望在谷歌搜索结果的基础上 , " 谷歌搜索结果 " 写道: " 我在这里告诉你们 , 在博客上 , 很有希望将会在博客上 。 "
shiro nakamura , nissan's chief creative officer , said the studio would “enhance our product competitiveness in china and asia , where the automotive industry continues to see robust growth” .	hirorororororokama , 尼斯坦首席创造官员说 , 学生将 " 提高我们的产品竞争力 , 提高我们的产品竞争力和亚洲的产品竞争力 , 自动化产业继续看起来 。 "
when you use this erm , please carefully break open the ampoule at the neck and pipette 10ml from the ampoule into 250 ml volumetric flask and bring to volume by purified water .	当你使用这个胳膊时 , 请仔细地把小心放在脖子和管道10毫米的时候 , 然后把它们放到250毫米的大量的水 , 把它们放在水中 。
" we can no longer see hoards only as piggy banks , " says kevin leahy , an authority on anglosaxon history who was entrusted with the task of cataloging the staffordshire treasure .	" 我们不能看到 , 只有像牛仔银行 , " 凯文·莱恩斯说 , 关键vvvvinleyyyayyyayay的作者分析师罗拉克逊历史上被捕获了加州的攻击 。 "
by analyzing different hyperon decay processes , we derive the general formula for the decay contributions of heavier hyperons to hyperon production rates and finalstate hyperon polarizations .	通过分析不同的超onyay过程的分析 , 提出了一般的对高温生产率和最后一般的方法 。
most local anaesthetics used clinically are relatively hydrophobic molecules that gain access to their blocking site on the sodium channel by diffusing into or through the cell membrane .	大多数地方合成使用临床合成是相对的 , 因此 , 大多数当地的气候分子都是通过细胞膜膜的 。
the results of 81 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced concrete beams and 66 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced scc beams are used to determine the coefficients in models .	用811试验结果 , 确定了加强混凝土梁和666试验 , 确定了加固的加固性能的81试验结果 。
the site also uses a custom version of the open source blogging server apache roller weblogger version 4 . 0 . 0 . 12 , mysqltm database server , and memcached .	网站还使用了一个自定义的版本 , 将开放源源编码器服务器服务器服务器的服务器weblog服务器版本为4.0.0.0.0.0.0 , sqmsqmsqmsqmsqmsqms数据服务器和mesqmsqmssqmsqmssqmsqmsqmsqms
the bizarre looking 600m tall building , selfsufficient in water and energy , was thought up by belgian designer vincent callebaut and would be based on roosevelt island in new york .	生物arre看到600毫米高楼 , 自我在水和能源中 , 是由贝尔兰设计中心的 , 认为 , 由贝尔西亚设计中心设计中心 , 将在纽约岛上建立600毫米 。
" box " still stick gave albumen of this farinaceous collagen to dissolve the appearance in water , it is better to tell everybody this product and yoghurt drink flavour together .	" 盒子 " 仍然 " 依然是为了解水中 , 水中污染的水中 , 更好地告诉每个产品和瑜伽饮料的饮料 。
given its effects on nociception and muscle contraction , botulinum appears to be an attractive agent in the prophylaxis against chronic daily headache or tensiontype headache .	给出了它对噪声和音乐合同的影响 , 瓶子似乎是一个吸引力剂 , 同时对抗慢性日常头痛或紧张的头痛或紧张头痛的影响 。
if these parenting behaviors were placed on a weight scale sidebyside , what would the results be in determining how you fare in building healthy selfesteem vs . low selfesteem in your children ?	如果这些父母的行为被放在一个体重的想法中 , 那么 , 你会在建筑健康的自我体系中 , 如何在你的孩子里 , 小孩子里 , 小孩子里 , 就会有什么结果 。
" he said that the time is the biggest problem , the central authorities to the general principle that local governments have tabled specific criteria , and thus the " classification " can not be evaded .	他说: " 他说 , 时间是最大的问题 , 中央权力是当地政府的一般原则 , 本地政府已经有了特定的批评 , 因此 , 因此 " 分类 " 的 " 分类 " 不能被删除 。
this falsecolor image above , of the grand canyon , displays the fractal pattern created by the colorado river over millions of years . red indicates areas of vegetation in the image .	此外 , 这个折射器图像上面 , 图像上面 , 图像中显示了格拉逊的框架模式 , 由色列河覆盖了数百万年来 , 红色的植物图像 。
recently unearthed fossils trace whales to a doglike predecessor of hoofed planteaters , and genetic analysis has identified hippos as whales' closest living relatives .	近年来 , 最近 , 联合国联合国联合国联合国航空公司的基因分析已经发现 , 基因分析的基因分析已经证实了whale最近的生命与whale相关的关系 。
a threedimensional organization chart built from reinforced concrete , where each classroom or workshop occupies a differentiated volume , allows the acronyms to be seen from the entire yard .	一个三维的组织组成章从加强混凝土 , 每个教室或工作室或工作室内的三维组织 , 允许在整个整个标准中看到的环境 。
the " philosophical counseling " and " philosophical counseling movement " developed in the late twentieth century are influencing people as an emerging discipline in the age of globalization .	" 哲学成功 " 和 " 哲学成功运动 " 的 " 哲学成功运动 " 的 " 哲学成员 " 是影响了全球化的人们在全球化阶段的影响 。
compared with available envelopes , the standard envelope makes it possible for people to write post codes in standard number mode and for the post office worker to raise letter sorting efficiency .	与可用的环境相比 , 标准环境相比 , 标准环境的标准环境可以使人们在标准数字模式中写出可能的后代代代代代码和后端工作人员可以提高信号的效率 。
products there are various specifications of water beads , nanyang beads , freshwater pearls , beads , semihole loose beads , 3 / 4 loose pearl beads and finished jewelry .	产品有各种特点 , 南阳啤酒 , 新型的新型石油 , 半孔荷载 , 3/44英寸的石油珠珠珠珠珠珠珠珠珠珠珠珠 。
the architectural spirit is to improve technique , the ecology , efficiency and economy ore foe responsibility and obligation undertaken by architects in architecture designs .	建筑精神是改善技术、生态学、效益和经济效益和经济效益 , 是建筑师建筑结构设计的可靠性和观察理解 。
on the basis of mass borehole data , the paper analyzed middle jurassic coalbearing strata distributing features , coalbearing property , coalforming period in the yining basin .	基于数字波波波数据的基础上 , 分析了中中中期的中间司法煤层煤层煤层煤层煤层煤层煤层的基础上 , 煤层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层的基础上 。
as an example , maximum trajectory optimization was applied on a twostage ballistic missile , and a comparison of original and optimal trajectories was presented with figures and tables .	作为一个例子 , 提出了一种最大交通理论优化 , 提出了一种在两个平均基本的基本理论错误中对原始和最佳交通器进行了比较 , 给出了一种比较 。
the fundamental reason that this is an open source project , and not a closedsource secret bit of technology , is that we have no interest in being in the business of selling or supporting it .	这是一个开放源项目的基本原因 , 不仅是一个开放源项目的开放源项目 , 而且没有一个集合资源安全的技术部门 , 这是我们没有兴趣的 , 没有在销售或支持它的业务中 。
some of the species are flooded and vanished during the flood season . only some tall grasses survive with high tolerance of submergence . the dominant species belong to gramineae and cyperaceae .	一些特别是在食物季节中 , 只有有一些高度的草草草 , 只有有有高度的物质 , 大量的种类属于草草草和草坪 。
and they caught every one his fellow by the head , and thrust his sword in his fellow's side ; so they fell down together: wherefore that place was called helkathhazzurim , which is in gibeon .	他们在头上 , 每个人都在头上 , 跑着他的剑 , 所以他们在一起 , 所以他们在一起吃了一起 , 所以 , 所以 , 所以 , 地方都被称为 " 黑猩猩猩猩猩猩 " 。
we describe a consecutive series of patients with unruptured ias treated by a neurosurgeon initiating a dedicated cerebrovascular practice in the " endovascular era . "	我们描述了一系列病人 , 通过神经元检测神经元检测一个神经元检测的神经元检测细胞brobvavavavavavavavavavavaculcar治疗 " 结论 " 的一系列病人 。
the imbalance of public goods supplied by the government for cities and countryside has already become the deepleveled cause which influences narrowing the gap between urban and rural areas .	公共货物的成员保持了政府和国家的成员 , 已经成为城市和农村和农村地区的深刻原因 , 影响城市和农村农村和农村区之间的灾难原因 。
pass rightness and side to pass in and out a bottle of cage pusher driven by hydraulic power hydraulic system to carry on analysis and point out original the hydraulic system existence of problem .	传递权利和理想 , 通过对水压力系统的水力水压系统进行分析和探讨 , 探讨了水压系统存在的问题 。
“foreign critics would look at today’s data and argue for stronger yuan gains , ” said ben simpfendorfer , a hong kongbased economist at royal bank of scotland plc .	" 因此 , 外国批评家今天将会看到今天的数据 , 为了更强的yuan加入 , " 北京简单的基于香港经济学家 。 "
bank of china , for example , says its ratio was a healthy 11 . 6% at the end of september , and that number was lower than those for the other two big four banks whose shares are publicly traded .	例如 , 例如 , 中国银行银行的银行是一个健康的111.6% , 6%的成员 , 这个数字比其他的两家银行更低于其它股权的两大银行的银行更低于其它的股权 。
in this paper , we propose a new algorithm based on subaperture and filtered backprojection algorithm to estimate the anisotropy of objects scattering centers in wideaperture imaging .	本文提出了一种基于客观图像中心的新算法 , 建立了一种基于物体图像中心的新算法 , 建立了一种新的算法 。
when i was a child growing up in north dakota , my mother cooked bacon for her five children . when it was done , she pulled the hot strips out of the pan and set them on a paper towel to drain .	当我正在在北京北部的孩子 , 我的母亲烹饪了五个孩子 , 当她做的时候 , 她把那个小孩子拿出了一张小孩 , 把小孩子拿出来 。
constraints between rolling section and surface grade in a plan unit and impacts due to temperature of discharging , finishing milling and coiling are considered in the practice in hot rolling factory .	由于分散、完成混合和混合的轧缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝缝 。
one $9 billion lawsuit asserts that hsbc twice hired kpmg , an accounting firm , to probe mr madoff , but that the bank failed to act when concerns were raised .	一个9亿美元的法律顾问hsssssssssbcwcwcwcttwttwtttwcwmg , 一个收入公司 , 承认madofffff , 但这家银行的银行家银行失败了 。
instead of waiting listlessly for news from london or piecing out from his mother's gossip some country tragedy of love and jealousy , here , in a few pages , the whole story was laid before him .	相反 , 来自伦敦 , 除了他母亲的母亲去了一些爱和嫉妒 , 这里 , 在这里 , 这里 , 这里 , 这里 , 整个故事都是在他前面的 。
business for o’hara brothers , he had visited augusta , a hundred miles up the savannah river , and he had traveled inland far enough to visit the old towns westward from that city .	澳大利亚的商业为奥哈拉兄弟 , 他已经访问了一百英里 , 几百英里 , 他曾经在那城市的西部 , 到了几百英里 , 并且他已经从那城市的老城市 。
the investigation and identification results to the virus varieties of pepper virus disease in shaanxi showed that cmv , tmv , pvy , tev and bbwv had been found , part of them are mixinfection .	研究和鉴别结果表明 , 山西西西省市民、电视、电视、电视、电视、电视和bbwvvvvvvv和bbwvvvv和bwvvvvvvvvvvvv和bvbvbvbvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv
lax conditions at the 19th century prison , where one mafia godfather is reported to have celebrated his birthday with champagne and lobster , have earned it the nickname “the grand hotel” .	在19世纪初 , 拉克斯的条件下 , 一个马菲的神父被报告到 , 据说 , 今天 , 在那里 , 曾有一位马菲尔德·戈德·戈尔的女生日报道 , 他的生日和伦比赛中 , 曾经早些时候 , 尼克斯坦克斯纳和巴西在19世纪以后 , 曾经在19世纪以来
since the execution of " temporary method of administrating security funds " in 1997 . 11 , our security funds had got rapid development , had obtained the excellent result in short time .	自1997年以来 , 自1997年以来 " 现代安全基金 " 的执行 , 自1997年以来 , 我国安全基金已经获得了最好的发展 , 获得了较短的时间 。
a town of western india eastnortheast of bombay . founded in1610 it is near the site of a mausoleum erected by aurangzeb in honor of his empress . population 284607 .	印度东部的西部城镇 , 印度东部 , 建立在1610年 , 是在一座大陆的地方 , 由于他皇帝的皇帝的地方 , 人口28407年 。
in addition to the main course selection , the pony club offers a selection of tapas which reflect mediterranean and seafood influences such as oysters , salmon and prawn fritters .	除了主要的课程选择 , 诗歌俱乐部门提供了一系列任务 , 反映中海和海鲜对中海和海鲜食物的影响 , 例如卵巢、猴子、猴子、猴子和虾鱼类的影响 。
another witness , yuri , who did not give his last name , told russia’s staterun first channel tv that the shock wave was strong enough to throw him to the floor and blow his hat away .	另外一个聪明 , 欧元 , 谁没有给他最后的名字 , 告诉俄罗斯州首席执行了俄罗斯州的国家官员首席执行的电视台 , 这是很强的 。
israel says its troops only used their pistols after they were attacked , and released a video showing soldiers in riot gear descending from a helicopter into a crowd of men with sticks and clubs .	伊拉尔说 , 军队只有在他们攻击后 , 只有军队只使用他们的军队只有在攻击后 , 发布了一名视频显示了一个视频显示的战士 , 并且在风险和俱乐部的战斗 。
total 59 japonic rice lines from 9 ecotypes were used as materials in this study , and main quality characters of f1 hybrids of 303 combinations created in a diallel set of cross were analysed .	总结59个日本风险线 , 采用了9种生态风险线 , 分析了f13-3组合的主要特点 , 建立了333组合的33组合物的主要特点 。
ruth freed , an anthropologist who worked in india , found that indian families living in chandigarh modified their apartments by using curtains to separate the men's and women's spaces .	俄罗斯是印度工作的一位安全学家 , 发现 , 印度的印度家庭生活在意大利的家庭生活在意大利分离男性和女性空间 。
in addition to the problem of underinvestment , who’s director of mental health and substance abuse , shekhar saxena , says low and middleincome countries have very few mental health professionals .	除了解决投资的问题 , 谁是指导心理健康和物质建设的问题 , 巴基斯坦克萨克斯说 , 低收入和中央收入国家有很少的心理健康专业人员 。
for example , the question of the relative merits of programming languages often degenerates into a religious war , because so many programmers identify as x programmers or y programmers .	例如 , 相对于程序语言的问题 , 通常会产生宗教战争 , 因为许多程序员认识到x程序程序或y程序程序程序 。
a white student posing as a study participant makes a racist comment about a black participant when he briefly leaves the room . the remarks ranges from moderate to extreme racial slurs .	白学生作为一项研究参与者 , 作为一项研究参与者的研究参与者 , 同时他简单地说明了一项黑参与者 , 在他简单地把房间里 , 还有一个白色的学生们 。
conclusion the suture of only superficial subcutaneous fat as well as putting rubber drainages in the abdominal incision is a simple and effective way to prevent lipoliquefaction for obese patients .	结论唯一的超级子宫脂肪的特点 , 提出橡胶干干干预是一种简单、有效的方法 , 防止腹腔炎的疗效 。
conclusion: body temperature change is an important factor that influences oxygen supply and oxygen demand at different npt , but the cerebral imbalance during rewarming time needs special attention .	结论:体温改变是影响氧气供应和氧化物的重要因素 , 影响氧化氢供应和氧化物的需求 , 可是在反应时需要特殊的注意力 。
beijing police are expected to intervene in domestic violence as legislators mull an amendment to the law on protection of the rights and interests of women , beijing daily said saturday .	北京警察周一 , 北京警察预计 , 北京警察预计将在国内暴力暴力机构的国内暴力机构的国内暴力机构 。
the results showed that pentosanase improved obviously dough rheology and the processing technology of soybean dietary fiber biscuit . optimal additional range of pentosanase was determined .	结果表明 , 磷酸酶提高了对比 , 确定了磷酸盐纤维纤维纤维纤维纤维生物的过程和处理技术的影响 。
fitch said greek banks' operations in southeast europe and turkey add revenue diversification , but this comes from more volatile economies , some of which also experienced recessionary pressures .	法国说 , 希腊银行在东南欧运营中 , 希腊银行银行的运营 , 还有经历了越来越来越来越多的经济 , 还有经历了经验的压力压力 。
in river tracing , swimming meets rock climbing and orienteering meets outdoor survival . with so many skills in play , an expedition team is only as strong as its individual members .	在河流贸易中 , 游泳会议和客户端会议会晤会议会晤会议 , 因此很多技巧 , 只有很多技巧 , 只有它的个人成员 。
bilberry is a close relative of the blueberry and is known for its dark purple color . bilberry naturally contains anthocyanosides and helps to support healthy eye function .	bililberry是一个有关的蓝莓与它的黑色紫色色色的相关关系 , 被称为它的黑色紫色色色色色色色色色素 , 纤维素自然含有抗氧化合物 , 帮助支持健康的功能 。
there's no question about it: microsoft has a hit on its hands with windows 7 . even in beta form , the company's new desktop os is garnering accolades from all corners of the blogosphere .	没有问题:微软没有问题 , 甚至在betata的新桌面osososososop的新桌面ososossoop都没有什么问题 , 微软在其手机上没有问题 。
tired of canned and predictable answers like " i am a hard worker " and " i am thrilled by the new opportunity to learn " at job interviews ? you should consider asking oddball questions .	大多数数人都可以预测的答案 , 比如 " 我是一个艰难工作 " , " 我是由新机会学习 " 新机会学习 " 的 " 新机会 " , 你应该考虑食品问题的答案 ?
fengyou 54 , is a new indica hybrid rice combination , developed by taizhou agricultural research academy of zhejian province and linhai seed station of zhejian province .	今年544年 , 是一家新型的新型混合合合合合作 , 由台州农业研究学院 , 是浙江省浙江省浙江省的浙江省和林海海海海海海省林海海地区 。
we're asking the question , taking s2 as given , what s1 maximizes this expression and as the gentleman at the back said , i'm going to differentiate and then i'm going to set the thing equal to 0 .	我们要问问问问题 , 任务ssssssssssssss-sss-ssss-sss-sssssssssss-sssssss-sssssss-ssssssssss---------------sssssssssssssss
trying to shift gears from his major , yu spent much of his fourth year in college preparing for the entrance exam for a humanresources graduate degree at renmin university .	试图从他大学的第四年来 , 杨先生试图从他的大学毕业生 , 同时 , 为了对人类资源学院的研究人员来说 。
deficiency is the psychological description is overmuch , can be in action , rub depictions of some more , in addition , can also add environment description , this article will look more vivid .	缺陷是心理描述的心理描述 , 可以在行动中运行 , 以及更多的行动 , 还可以添加环境描述 , 这种文章将越来越来越多 。
as a professional cable manufacturer , kingsignal's products mainly serve mobile communication , digital microwave communication , aerospace , multimedia and milit .	作为专业的电缆制造商 , 国王信号产品主要保持移动通信、数字微波通信、多媒体通信、多媒体和军事 。
5 p . m . explore the cultural melting pot of chungking mansions on tsim sha tsui's nathan road , the setting for another wong karwai movie , " chungking express " .	5.2.mrelolololololotimsssssusssssussssssssssssusssssssuithansui的文化化熔化熔化熔体 , 为另一个强大的karwai电影设置表达表达式 "
after treatment , life signs of subjects were stable and the metabolic support was obvious , which indicated:the bioartificial liver support system which we constructed was safe , stable and efficient .	经过治疗后 , 生命信号稳定 , 可靠 , 安装箱支持显著 , 指出:生物效益支持系统 , 建立了安全、稳定、稳定性和效率 。
similarly , on the left , a lack of visibility into the real metrics that motivates the corporation means that the change effort will never be able to factually prove success to the policy makers .	同样 , 在左边 , 在左边 , 一个缺乏可见性的缺乏 , 移动的公司意味着 , 改变的努力永远不能证明政策制造商的成功 。
a wet phosphoric acid purifying extractor descaling method includes: a first step , using hotwater for soaking and extracting organic solvent in the scale , and then emptying hot water ;	湿磷酸萃取方法包括:第一步骤 , 使用热水提取和萃取有机溶剂 , 然后放大热水 ;
most of our products designs are based on classic lines of antique pieces from 16th century european and other eras , and can be modified and combined to individual client's desire and lifestyle .	大多数产品设计是基于16世纪欧洲和其他国家的经典线路 , 可以改造和结合个体客户端死亡和生活方式 。
cai yuanpei is a great thinker , educator and revolutionary . from his thoughts , words and behaviors , we can know his great mind , a philosopher's character and a great man's demeanor .	小说是一个伟大的思想者 , 教育师和革命 , 来自他的思想、词和行为 , 我们可以知道他的伟大的思想 , 哲学家的性格和伟大 。
the advantages of hengshui lake to develop ecotourism are environment , plants , wildlife , history and culture . we must also notice some problems . firstly , pay attention to overall distribution .	香港湖湖的优势是环境、植物、生态旅游、植物、生态旅游、文化、文化、文化、文化、文化的优势 , 必须注意到一些问题 。
double strands rna produced posttranscriptional gene silencing technique is being used to alter the relative proportion of the major fatty acids present in oil plants .	两个字符rna生产了后步行基因设备技术 , 提出了在石油厂的主要脂肪脂肪脂肪酸的相对支持 。
china continues to be the world's 2nd largest economy in q3 , with the gdp of $1 . 42 trillion , compared with japan's $1 . 37 trillion , people's daily online reported monday .	中国继续成为世界上最大的经济 , 随着1.42亿美元的gdpgdp的gdp的增长 , 比较日本的1.37亿美元 , 日本每天的1.37亿美元 , 中国继续成为世界上最大的经济 。
the national antiterrorism committee says special forces killed 2 militants and detainees and detained rather a third person during a raid in a town on the outskirts of moscow .	国家抗原主义委员会员会表示 , 特别军队杀死了2名军事和死亡 , 死亡了第三人 , 第三人在一座城市的大楼上 , 第三人死亡 。
results a typical pattern of morphological changes of motoneuron apoptosis in the anterior horn of spinal cord was observed by both tunel staining and electron microscopy .	结果 , 采用t隧道和电子微镜观察了一种典型的形态变化的形态学模式 。
methods: categorize 164 sufferers , carry on rehabilitation education , psychological persuasion talk entertainment activity and various psychology support respectively .	方法:::探讨164多种心理学活动和各种心理学支持的心理学活动及各种心理学支持 。
finally , has analyzed zhai yongming the poetry writing life significance , had demonstrated the poet can realize the reason which the feminine angle of view surmounted and its be valuable .	最后 , 最后 , 分析了上海诗歌写作的诗歌意义 , 阐述了诗歌的诗歌意义 , 展示了诗歌的原因 , 实现了观众的角度和其价值的原因 。
these banks aggressively peddled loans to the finance ministers of poorer countries suffering from balance of payment difficulties , acute unemployment , and consequent internal unrest .	这些银行强烈推动贷款的贷款 , 由于付款困难、安全失业、安全失业、急救失业、急救失业和接受国际联合国的财政部长 。
under the infuence of magnetic field , anp can deposit in the target area at large degree , as a result , the density of anp in the nontarget area can be decreased significantly ;	在磁场的影响下 , 磁场对磁场的影响下 , 磁场的磁场的影响下 , 磁场的影响较大 ;
passes through from the multiple perspectives slow motion playbacking evidence collection , the leeway which styles had already not quibbled , he prepares to the niu card aspect to apologize .	经过多个角度 , 通过多个角度来看 , 通过多个角度的运动运动运动组合 , 这种类型已经没有迅速地安装 , 他准备在网络上进行对话 。
the main source of water pollution in qujiang river basin comes from domestic wastewater , then nonpoint source pollution is also important , and the water pollution from industry contribute little .	浙江河水污染主要来源于国内废水污染物的主要源源 , 然后 , 污染也是工业污染的重要 , 水污染也是很重要的 , 产业污染的水污染 。
this paper attempts to seek the cultural root for the militarists' thought on peace by analyzing the influence exerted by confucianism , taoism , mohism and other schools of thinking .	本文尝试探讨军事学家的文化根 , 通过对儒家、教义、主义、主义、主义和其他学校的影响 , 探讨了军事主义思想的思想 。
in the experimental group a repaired tissues represented hyaline , smooth and flat . chondrocytes in the zones of integrating with peripheral native cartilages were more mature .	在实验组中 , 在实验组中 , 一个修复的组织重复代表了水体 , 烟雾和冰川 。
to investigate the relationship between iop in vertebral body and pulmonary fat embolism , and the relationship between cement injection velocity and pmma leakage into epidural space in pvp .	为了探讨iop的关系与肺脂肪脂肪脂肪的关系 , 探讨了细胞注射速速度和pmmma泄漏的关系 , 探讨了pvp的表达速度和pvp的关系 。
troy , mich . , 12 aug . 2007 . bae systems demonstrated a prototype common modular power system at the national defense industrial association's power and energy symposium .	2007年8月12日 , 迈克 , 2007年8月12日 , 婴儿系统展示了一项原型的通用电源系统 , 全国防防防御工业协会的权力和能源症状 。
a delegation from the stateowned chinese company , china metallurgical group corporation , visited the site of a copper mine in aynak , a former alqaeda stronghold southeast of kabul , in 2007 .	2007年 , 中国安装集团公司 , 访问了一家铜矿区 , 前来 , 阿拉伯的前阿拉克的阿拉克的一位前阿尔伯加强烈的阿拉伯 , 2007年 , 中国安装集团公司 。
this stateoftheart , fastacting treatment speeds fresher , healthylooking skin cells to the surface with 3 times more of the nonacid skin refinisher of our previous formula .	这种状态合成 , 快速处理速度的治疗速度 , 健康的皮肤细胞与皮肤细胞的表面3倍 , 与前列腺皮肤的表面相关 。
how cool was the welcome of a tall glass of iced green mint in the shady room , to heads ringing with colors and the cymbals of the sunl outside were the sea and the road burning with dust .	如何冷却是一个高级玻璃的欢迎 , 把绿色的房间的欢迎带着色彩和太阳的天空外 , 太阳的圆形的天空气氛围 , 是太阳的天空和尘尘尘尘尘 。
clinton downplayed reported splits within the libyan rebel movement , and hailed what she said was the first “natoarab alliance” providing military and political support for antigaddafi forces .	克林顿下午报道 , 在利比亚重复运动中 , 克林顿下载报告说 , 第一次 " 纳纳纳拉拉拉伯利比亚 " 为抗议和政治支持的支持 。
by the time of lbj's " great society " etc . , a " liberal " was someone who claimed glory for raiding the treasury and spending other people's money " liberally " to buy votes .	通过lbjjj的 " 伟大的社会 " 等 , 一个 " 自由 " 的自由 " 是有人 " 的 " 自由 " 的 " 的 " 、 " 自由 " 的 " 、 " 自由 " 、 " 和其他人民币 " 和其他人民币 " 自由 " 的钱 " 的钱 " 的钱 " 的时候 , 自由 "
created by microsoft cofounder paul allen , who has committed $500 million since its start in 2003 , the allen institute has assembled a lessdetailed human brain atlas of its own .	自2003年开始 , 由于微软地层创造的微软地层 , 由于从2003年开始创造了500万美元 , 所有的机构已经成了一个小型人类脑部的小型 。
" at the end of the day , settlements and peace are two parallel tracks . israel cannot have settlements and peace at the same time , " said negotiator saeb erekat , speaking for the palestinians .	" 今天晚上 , 设立和平是两个 , 伊拉尔尔不能设置和平衡 , " 同时 , " 谈判萨伯特说 , " 同时 , 谈判巴勒斯坦人士说 。 "
" no , " said the old woman , " there is only one way in the world , and it is so difficult that you will never redeem them . you must remain silent for twelve whole years , neither speaking nor laughing .	" 不 , " 不 , " 老女人 , " 只有一路 , 只有一路 , 只有一路 , 很难说 , 你必须不会把他们放弃他们 , 还有一定的话 。 "
a veritable orgy of artistic fertility , the open goat welcomes all comers to take part in a fully democratic , spontaneous , feverish and potentially lifealtering collective improvisation .	艺术性的优势 , 开放谷歌欢迎各种民主党、西班牙、爱尔兰、爱尔兰和潜在的生活合作 。
the chatham house study , released today , says that illegal logging has dropped by between 50 and 75% across cameroon , indonesia and the brazilian amazon over the last decade ;	第三章的第一章 , 近年来 , 由于上十年来 , 法律损失已经下降了505% , 75% , 75% , 印度和巴西亚和巴西亚和巴西亚和巴西亚和巴西亚和巴西亚和巴西亚的巴西人民族 。
those who take it promise to stay together for better or for worse , for richer or for poorer , in sickness and in health , to honour and to cherish , forsaking all others , until death do us part .	那些为了保健、保健、保健、保健、保健、保健、保健和奶奶酪和奶酪和奶酪 , 为我们一起保持更好的或更好的东西 。
beijing , jan . 17 budapest , 15 midnight local time , xinhua , the hungarian capital budapest , a crowded disco nightclub stampede , killing three women died .	北京 , 北京17日 , 15岁 , 15岁的当地时 , 新华 , 湖北省首都大学 , 湖北部首都大学 , 一个黑色的黑色宝宝宝宝藏 , 杀死了三个女人死亡 。
to read more , including information on who can legally represent you if you choose to hire an immigration representative , check out cic’s web pages on immigration representatives .	为了阅读 , 包括在那些法律上可以代表的信息 , 如果你选择选择一个移民代表 , 检查cicweb页面的web页面 , 检查cicicb页面的web页面的web页面 。
the practice features of marxist philosophy's rejection of metaphysics contains intrinsically the orientation of criticism and construction and is the practical solution to the basic...	马克思哲学家的实践特点是马克思哲学家哲学家哲学家的实践特点 , 包括批评主义和建设和建设的实践解决方案 , 是实践的解决方案 。
the system studied in this paper not only can show fold and fault , but also can apply gis function . this paper analyzes the data structure of automatic generating geologic profile and fold and fault .	本系统研究的系统研究并不仅能显示老年和失败 , 同时也可以应用giis函数 , 分析自动生成地质结构的数据结构 , 分析了自动生成地质结构的数据结构和数据结构 。
from a new perspective , the authors put forward a multiple features based analytical approach for remotely sensed imagery to overcome the limitation of the pixelbased analytical approach .	从一个新的角度 , 作者提出了一种基于多个特点的分析方法 , 探讨了一种基于远程搜索图像的分析方法 。
description: society has entered the peak period of automotive growth , car owner in his car to spend more and more time , air pollution from vehicle to endanger people's health can not be ignored .	描述:社会已进入自动增长期 , 汽车在汽车上 , 汽车在汽车上 , 汽车上 , 汽车在汽车上 , 空气污染越来越多 , 使人们的健康状况不能忽略 。
the dpph radical scavenging activities , the reducing powers , the amount of total phenolic compounds , the inhibitory effect on hydroxyl radical and superoxide anion radical o .	dpph光学筛选活动 , 降低功率 , 总体pph光学效果 , 抑制剂对氢氧化物和超氧化物的抑制作用 。
furthermore , cabot has also introduced other advanced products to china , including masterbatch , conductive compound , inkjet colorant , aerogel and specialty drilling fluid .	此外 , 本论文还介绍了其它先进的产品 , 包括mastmastbach、连接组合物、kkkjjjetjojojojojel和特殊的钻井液体 。
but could a smart grid or precision farming , in which the machines inform each other and make subsequent decisions , significantly reduce energy use and , thus , greenhouse gas pollution ?	可是 , 可以一个智能的格局或精确的农场 , 每个机器 , 使机器的决定 , 大大降低能源使用 , 因此 , 绿色气体污染 , 是否会减少能源使用 , 因此 , 绿色气体污染 ?
the task " find and view patient record " may be used by most of the organization , whereas the task " create and update patient record " may be used only by the admission and front desk staff .	任务 " 找到和视图记录 " 可能是大多数组织 , 任务 " 创建和更新病例记录 " 创建和更新病例记录 " 的任务 " , 可能仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅使用 。
the main shortcoming of range finding technique with structural light is that it is unable to obtain the data of points which are sightless by pickup camera or can't be illuminated by light source .	根据结构光灯的主要短期 , 实现了距离检查技术的主要短期发现技术 , 是不能获得光源的点点 , 或者不能通过光源的光源来获得光源的数据 。
the file doclet . toc . xml is referenced as being the table of contents for this plugin ; this file will provide the data for the hierarchical information in the left pane of the eclipse help window .	文件目前 , xml是为了这个插件内容的内容 , 这个文件将为eclipse软件的xml提供更多的数据 , 将为eclipse帮助win的xml提供数据 。
many privacypreserving algorithms for data mining has been proposed including association rules , classification , clustering and so on , but few algorithms are for outlier detection .	提出了许多私有的方法 , 提出了数据挖掘算法 , 包括协同规则、分类、分类、分类、分类、分类、分类、分类、分类、分类、分类、分类、分类、分类、分类、分类、分类、分类、分类、分类、分类、分类、分类、分类、分类、分类等等等等等等
they found that when women and men work on a number of simple tasks such as searching for a key or doing easy maths problems at the same time , the women significantly outperformed the men .	他们发现 , 当女性和男性工作的时候 , 女性的女性和男性在同时 , 男性的时候 , 女性们发现 , 女性在男性身上很大程度上 , 女性也很大地表现了男性的男性 。
nor can mr edano count on support from a block of 129 lawmakers , allied to mr ozawa , who voted against mr kan's appointment as party leader last week .	上周 , 诺诺诺诺先生可以从129个法律师的支持下来 , 法律师的支持下来 , 全部向奥兹扎瓦先生发表了阿扎扎扎扎扎瓦先生 , 最后一周以来 , 上周 , 联合国政府的联合会议 。
improved routine immunization: partnerships focused on reducing diseases like polio and measles are also helping build a stronger foundation for the delivery of both new and existing vaccines .	改善路由免疫:合作伙伴关系集中减少政治和措施 , 同时也有助于建立一个更大的基础 , 建立了新的和存在疫苗的基础 。
a spokesman for sierra leonean president ernest bai koroma , who is among the heads of state representing the west african alliance , said gbagbo's exit is nonnegotiable .	gbagbbo博士说 , 一个发言人为serererererererererererererererererererererererererererererererererererererereralmanmanmanmanmanmanmanmanmanmanmansererererereralmanmanmanmanmanmanmanmanmanmanmanmanmanmanmanmanserererererererererererererer
education may not be essential for this career , but you can get a foot in the door while bettering your prospects for advancement with basic training in an automotive and diesel technology program .	教育不可能是因为这项职业 , 但你可以在门上获得足够的进步 , 更好的进一步 , 更好的进一步提高自己的基本培训的基本培训 。
for the replacement of fitness gold card , please submit this form to the card issuing office through the district leisure services offices or sports centres of this department and pay a fee of $25 .	为了解决适合金牌的代表 , 请通过区别休闲服务办公室或港口运输中心 , 为此部部部部门提供一份25美元 。
dahongpao pepper to " big spike and more grains , meat , thickskinned rich , bright color , rich flavor , taste ma moderate " and has long " chinese name law " reputation .	广州宝宝宝石石石石石石石厂为 " 大湖 " 大湖 " 和越来越多 , 肉类 , 厚厚的风险风险 , 风险、风险、风险、风险、风险、风险、风险、风险、风险、风险、风险、风险、风险、风险、风险、风险、风险、风险、风险、风险、高
methods: the clinical data and antibiotic resistance of 253 cases of aecb caused by acinetobacter infection from respiratory department of 10 hospitals in tianjin were reviewed .	方法:回顾:对253例病例的临床资料及抗生物耐药性进行回顾性进行回顾性分析 , 回顾了253例病例的临床资料及抗生物回顾性 。
in this paper , the principles of hydrophobic surface and drag reduction are outlined . we briefly review the new way and recent progress to prepare such hydrophobic surface .	本文简要介绍了氢表面的主要原理 , 简要回顾了最近的水解表面的新方法 , 探讨了最近的水解表面的新方法及最近的进展 。
the highly efficient and accurate classification has improved the grindingclassification efficiency of the tertiary grinding , thus raising the runofmine ore throughput of system 321 .	高效率和准确分类已经提高了抗磨削效率 , 提高了系统321的高效率和准确分类效率 。
i was headhunted by hujiang when i was looking for an " out " to have a flexible schedule for my tobeborn daughter , who is now almost 5 months old . i couldn&rsquo ;	当我看到了 " 外面 " 的时候 , 我已经被湖北 " 的女儿 " 的时候 , 现在我几乎是5个月了 , 现在我可以和老人一样的时候 , 我还有一个灵活的女儿 。
additional cleaning techniques can include using a needleless plastic syringe to vigorously wash the tooth with moderately pressured water or to softly wash it with hydrogen peroxide .	除了清洁技术 , 还可以使用无需塑料的塑料合金 , 使其具有现代的压缩水或柔软的水溶液 , 还可以用水溶液清洗工艺 。
professors with dollar signs in their eyes are always announcing the birth of the latest revolutionary management technique or the discovery of the hottest new “supercorp” .	专业人员和美元信号总是宣布最新的革命管理技术或最新的革命管理技术或最新 " 新 " 新 " 消费者 " 。
tuesday's swoon has been dramatic , coming after a report showing u . s . manufacturing in august returned to expansion for the first time in more than a yearandahalf . for details see .	星期六 , 今天的游泳已经在一份报告中显示 , 美国制造厂的美国制造厂在8月以来 , 今天的第一次回报到了美国制造厂 。
architecture is the most optimistic of professions , ' says mary comerio , chair of the architecture department at the university of california at berkeley , where there was a 40 percent uptick .	建筑是加利福尼亚大学的加利福尼亚大学的建筑师建筑部的最佳优点 , 是加拿大利福利亚大学的建筑师 。
the designs were drawn up by the french architect jacques rougerie , a veteran of waterbased construction projects , and have been backed by the united nations cultural agency unesco .	本设计由法国建筑师杰克·罗特·罗德·罗德·罗德·罗德·罗德·罗德·罗德·罗德·罗德·罗德·罗德·罗斯特·罗斯特·罗德·罗德·罗斯特·罗斯特·罗德·罗德·罗斯特·罗斯特·罗斯特·罗斯特·罗斯特·罗德·罗德·罗斯特·
it’s an openair loft space , with the four founders at desks in the middle of a phalanx of young men staring at screens . the four are sam yagan , the c . e . o . ;	这是一个开放的飞行空间 , 随着四个发现者在场景中 , 四个年轻男男人站在场景中 , 四分之前 , 四分之一是萨米亚 , 欧洲 ;
firstly , the paper introduces the conception , theory and mathematical model of the array antenna . serval algorithms of adaptive beamforming and doa are analyzed using matlab software .	首先 , 首先介绍了用matlab软件的概念、理论和数学模型的概念、理论和数学模型 。
two duracors and one duramar unit are specified as part of the communications equipment package for each lcs unmanned surface vehicle being developed to carry out these warfare missions .	两个双层和一个双层单元是指定为每个lc表面的通信设备包装的一部分 , 每个lclc表面的表面车辆的一部分 。
later , lartigue donated all his negatives , albums , cameras and personal diaries to the french state , and from these photos and texts , we discover the story of an extraordinary and elegant life .	后来 , 后来 , 后来 , 后来 , 所有的负面、数字和个人直接捐给法国 , 从这些照片和文本和文本来看 , 我们发现了一个外部和生命的故事 。
at altitude , the air pressure is lower , and so are aerodynamic effects such as drag and lift , ultimately causing balls to travel faster and straighter than they would at lower altitude .	试验 , 空气压较低 , 因此 , 空气压力较小 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 空气压力效果最终导致小 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 造成功能导致球体积极导致球
world stocks , measured by msci , hit a 51/2 week high this week , moving close to a breakeven point for the year as investors put tens of billions of dollars worth of cash to work .	世界股市 , 由于mscis , 每周高达51/22周 , 每年投资者在投资者的投资者把10亿美元的投资者带来了几百万美元的资者 。
allaround introduction and specific analysis are made about the notion and structure , selection , organization and presentation of content , compilation of students' exercises and teachers' manual .	综合介绍和特殊分析是关于区域和结构、选择、组成、组织、学生学生的精神和教师的实践、组成、组成、组成、组成、学生的精神和教师的经验 。
if you are just too exhausted to leave the confines of the house , unplug the phone , lock the door , batten down the hatches and spend the entire weekend at home , doing absolutely nothing .	如果你只是太多了 , 让房子的定义 , 除了电话 , 把门 , 把门锁在家里 , 把整个周末 , 把整个周末放在房子里 , 做完全没什么 。
like the liao , an earlier inner asian dynasty , the juchen maintained a chinesestyle bureaucracy to rule over the southern part of their conquests and a tribal state to rule in inner asia .	像狮子一样 , 亚洲早期的亚洲 , 6月初 , 七月在亚洲 , 七月一直保持一个中国风格的中国风格的权利 。
for me , it feels like you are dealing with familiarities such as cooking a lentil dish in mdardara , as well as a feeling of strangeness in familiar surroundings , such as tokyo tonight .	对于我来说 , 它感觉如你和你一样的熟悉 , 比如你在麦达达达达加拿到了一样 , 还有一个在家庭的角度的角度 , 比如你们的夜晚 。
with the forest canopy closure increase , the average high and diameter also increase , but the numbers of unit area is reduced . and the distribution of update saplings changes from mission to uniform .	随着森林合适的气候增加 , 平均高和糖尿病也增加 , 可是单位区域的数量减少 , 降低了单位的增加 , 降低了增加的增加 。
the products do not contain any natural latex components on human skin allergic reactions , nontoxic , harmless , tasteless , left and right gm , pull a good , durable , and good adhesion .	产品不含有人类皮肤的皮肤反应、非毒、无害、无害、自然性、适应性、适应性、适应性、适应性良好、耐磨性、耐磨性良好、耐磨性良好、耐磨性、耐磨性良好 。
carmelita montiel , a twentyyearold virgin , had just bathed in orangeblossom water and was strewing rosemary leaves on pilar ternera's bed when the shot rang out .	卡里塔塔塔塔特尔 , 二十岁的维尔 , 只有在奥巴布斯堡水中 , 被迫使罗斯坦德拉的时候 , 被迫使罗斯坦德拉德拉的床上 。
we use such tools here at @toprank to grow own twitter presence as well as for clients on a daily basis and have learned quite a bit about twitter best practices and which tools work best .	我们使用这样的工具 , 使用这些工具来增长witterwitter的工具 , 以及客户在一天的日子基础上 , 已经学习twitter最好的实践和工具 。
cancer vaccines can generate specific immune response to get goals of treatment mainly through activate the tumorresistant antigen , especially antitumor specific antigen .	癌症疫苗可以产生特殊免疫反应 , 主要通过活性抗原抗原抗原 , 特别抗原 , 特别是抗肿瘤抗原的抗原 。
a host of lifechanging inventions , from icecream cones and bottled water to electric lights , automobiles and aeroplanes were brought to public attention through successive expos .	本发明的一部分生命交换 , 来自ecream含义和底部水到电灯、自动照明、自动照明、自动照明、自动照明、自动照明、自动照明、自动照明等 。
si published his accusations late last month on the new threads website , which is famous among china's research community for exposing pseudoscience and academic misconduct .	上个月 , 上个月以来 , 上个月以后 , 上个月以来 , 中国研究社区的研究社区在中国的研究社区和学术错误中有著名的 。
hcvspecific cd8 tcell response was readily detectable in acutely hcvinfected patients regardless of virologic outcome or virusspecific cd4 tcell response .	hcvvsp特异的cd-8t细胞响应已准备在急性hcvcvcvvvvvvvvv-vvvspctctctctct-4t细胞反应中 。
i am also thankful to mr bruce lee's family for their wholehearted support . mr lee's widow , linda , personally helped prepare a layout plan of the former residence for our reference .	我也感谢谢谢谢谢谢先生为他们的家庭支持 , 李先生 , 李叶先生的窗户 , 利比亚 , 人员帮助准备了我们的参考 。
shin's previous solo efforts include the 2005 cover album " special thanks to...best selection " and later " tired " , but his latest hit , " it's me " marks shin's first proper album as a solo artist .	英文最早的声效努力包括2005年覆盖umb " 特别感谢... " 最新选择 " 和 " 最新 " 的是 " 马克 " 的第一层艺术家 。
in some major u . s . cities , sports moguls have wrested steep concessions from local governments as the price for building new palaces for their football , basketball , hockey and baseball franchises .	在一些主要的美国城市 , 港口运动模式已经在当地政府中获得了一项新的价格 , 为他们的足球、篮球、篮球、篮球、篮球、篮球、篮球、篮球、篮球、篮球、篮球等 。
since porcelain is ceramic , and therefore glasslike , its surface is smooth and impervious and unlike older bonding materials , it will not be stained coffee , tea , red wine or cigarette smoking .	由于porcelain是陶瓷陶瓷 , 因此它的表面是吸烟和改善的老老老板底板材料 , 还不能留下咖啡、茶、茶、茶、茶等 。
carla van tiggelen designe is an international purchaser from australia , need to buy products of textile raw materials and fabrics , furniture , home textiles , gift , ceramics , adornment etc . categories .	卡拉瓦瓦格尔设计是一家国际采购商 , 是澳大利亚国际购买产品 , 需要购买产品的产品 , 需要购买产品 , 购买产品的产品 , 家具、家具、家庭化妆品、陶瓷、陶瓷、陶瓷等 。
the absolute growth of the head weight , forelimb weight , hind limb weight , body length , forelimb length , hind limb length , shin length and the third toe length showed a pattern of normal distribution .	头高 , 身体长 , 身体长 , 长度增长 , 高度 , 长度 , 长度 , 长度 , 长度 , 长度长度和第三条长度分布 。
there’s an old “northsouth” divide partly at work with the netherlands , luxembourg , and germany critical of spain , italy , and greece – in what appear to be old cultural stereotypes playing out .	德国西班牙、意大利、意大利、意大利、意大利、意大利和希腊人在古老的文化形势下 , 都有一个古老的 " 分子部分 。
the welcome ceremony was also attended by wang qishan , ling jihua , wang huning , dai bingguo , u . s . vice president joe biden , secretary of state hillary clinton and other accompanying staff .	欢迎的欢迎仪式也被王朝、王朝、王朝、王朝、广东、广东、广东、广东、广东、广东、广东、广东、广东、广东、广东、广东、广东、美国副总统乔治 。
laing's thought chanllenged traditional views of psychiatric treatment , evoked people to query those basic hypotheses that ruled their lives and thoughts , left his mark on psychiatric practice .	湖南的思想挑战了精神治疗的传统观点 , 使得人们在生活和思想和思想的基本上进行查询 , 使得人们看到他们的生活和思想和思想 , 离开了自己的目标 。
milan leandro grimi on the official site of siena speaks about the next league against milan: " yes its a bit strange for me to play against milan , but now i am at siena and want to win this game . "	米兰·米兰在官员网站上 , 米兰·莱恩·格兰在官方网站上说 , " 下一场比赛中 , 米兰·米兰·米兰·米兰·米兰·米兰说 , 然而 , 现在我还是希望这场比赛 。 "
test showed that , the model derived from 2year before st by pca had a forecast accuracy of 95 . 8% for internal samples and 93 . 3% for external samples , while the one by modified method 97 . 5% and 90 . 0% ;	试验表明 , 由于pca的模型已从2年到2岁以前 , ipca的模型已获得了95.8%内部样本和93.33% , 外部样本的模型已获得93.3% ;
" this budget adds more debt to our country's future than all of the debt from 1789 , when george washington was president , through franklin roosevelt and lyndon johnson and george w . bush , " he said .	" 这项预算增加了我们国家的未来 , 比1789年 , 当乔治顿总统华盛顿的时候 , 经过弗兰克林斯坦克林斯坦和伦敦约翰逊和乔治·约翰逊说 。 "
o mighty armed one , seeing your magnificent form of manifold faces and eyes , manifold arms , legs and feet , manifold stomachs and manifold terrifying teeth ; all the planets tremble in fear and so do i .	奥运会有一次 , 看到你的宏观的形式和眼睛 , 眼睛 , 眼睛 , 手臂 , 腿 , 腿 , 腿部和脚踝 , 手术 , 手术胃部 , 手术 , 手术骨折 , 所有的牙齿 。
it also has highlevel teachers all of whom have diploma degrees , including one with the national key teacher title , two with the beijing key teachers titles , six with xicheng key teachers titles .	同时也有高层教师 , 包括一位国家关键教师 , 两位北京关键教师的教师 , 同时也有一位 , 包括一位国家关键教师的教师 。
the macro velocity model used for describing vti media is consistent with current velocity estimation method , and can simultaneously accommodate the isotropy , weak anisotropy and strong anisotropy .	描述vvt媒体的宏观速度模型是目前的速度估计方法 , 可模拟了aoood、弱点、弱点等优点 。
therefore , any changes in expression levels or activity of ptp1b relative to the ir could affect insulin signaling and possibly contribute to the insulin resistance observed in type ii diabetes .	因此 , 任何改变在ptp1b的表达水平或活动中或活性的变化 , 可以影响胰岛信号和可能会影响胰岛素信号的影响 , 可能会有效地抑制胰岛素的抑制作用 。
britain's chancellor of the exchequer alistair darling poses with his ministerial red dispatch box as he leaves 11 downing street , en route to delivering the annual budget to the house of commons .	英国第一位英国的机会主义德里斯·德里斯和他的部长红克·德克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克斯克斯克斯克斯克斯克斯克斯克斯克斯克斯特里斯的机会 , 英国的机会使得到了1111111111个街道路 , 至今年的大街道路透露 , 至今年的公里斯坦 。
the killing activity of nk cells and the proliferation rate of spleen cells were tested by mtt assay , and t cell subgroupcd4+ , cd8+ were tested by the indirect immune fluorescent assay .	通过mta分析 , 测试了链接细胞的杀菌活活性及其杀害率 , 测定了mtt细胞凋亡率、t细胞分子4+4+ , cd8+ , cd8+ , 通过直接免疫荧光谱检测 。
bamboo garden mighty yanlord house house , authentic lake a good room , all fully equipped highend furniture , all gifts , the landlord benevolent kind , good communication , the rich noble gas .	竹园园园可能会有yanororororororororororororororororususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususususus
in sperm and oocyte , it is proved that the calcium signals have great roles in series of complicated processes: capacitation , acrosome reaction , oocyte maturation , fertilization , embryo cleavage etc .	在sperm和oocy中 , 证明 , 钙信号具有较好的作用:呼吸、呼吸、气象反应、氧化成熟、氧化物、聚合物质、聚合物质、聚合物、聚合物质、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物等 。
nangong selection of quality smoked pork dish , and add the proportion of fresh eggs , pure mungbean starch , ginger and small grinding sesame oil , stirring into a porridgelike , poured into casings .	香港选择质量选择 , 加入新鸡蛋、纯豆淀粉、蛋白、蛋白、蛋白、蛋白、蛋白、蛋白、蛋白、蛋白、蛋白、蛋白、蛋白、蛋白、蛋白、蛋白、蛋白、蛋白质、蛋白质、蛋白质、蛋白质、蛋白质、蛋白、蛋白、蛋白质、蛋白质、蛋白质、蛋白、蛋白、蛋白质、蛋白、蛋白质、蛋白、蛋白
the elections in tunisia and the dramatic demise of former libyan leader muammar alqaddafi have pushed the allegations of an iransponsored plot to assassinate the saudi envoy to washington on u .	山西亚和前利比亚领导人穆斯卡扎菲的选举 , 伊朗spononononononononononononononononononononononsoot的选举 , 前来的利比亚领导人穆斯卡扎菲的选举 。
ics bbtv is a brand new broadband tv client developed by shanghai media group broadband co . ltd and ics , which enables people watching copyrighted programs of ics , both live and vod , for free .	icicbbtvv是一家品牌的新广播电视客户端 , 由上海媒体集团的广播电视公司 , 以及ics和icics , 可以让人们看到的人们看看看看到了icsics、ss和vs 。
a town of northern ethiopia south of asmara . emperor menelik ii decisively defeated the italians here in 1896 to secure recognition of ethiopia's independence . population , 21 , 107 .	1896年 , 俄罗斯南部的一城镇 , 位于亚马拉西南部 , 位于阿马拉马尼亚南部的北部 , 位于阿拉马拉马斯南部 , 位于111111年 , 皇帝尼亚的意大利基斯坦克尼亚的意大利亚 。
but with this example alone can you realize that with some more exercise of thoughts and intelligent i don't wanna say intelligent design here , intelligent design can you actually solve this problem so much more efficiently and just as correctly .	然而 , 在这个例子中 , 你可以认识到 , 有些更多的思想和智慧的思想和智慧 , 我不说智慧设计 , 智能设计师 , 智能的设计能解决这个问题 , 才能解决这个问题的问题 。
rome , april 7 the strong earthquake that hit central italy on monday has killed at least 150 people , injured some 1 , 500 and left around 70 , 000 homeless , italian media reported on tuesday .	据报道 , 今天 , 罗马7月7日 , 4月7日 , 4月7日 , 印度媒体的最强的地震 , 至少有150人死亡 , 至少有15000人 , 伤害了70 , 000人死亡 。
according to onboard military officers , sailors on the destroyer , coded ddg169 wuhan , carried out comprehensive exercises focusing on rapid response , inspections , and simulated attacks .	根据上述军事官员 , 萨尔斯在毁灭者 , 编码ddddg169年wddddddddd-169武汉 , 通过对比较的反应、检查、检查、检查、检查、检查和检查结果 。
paul's message in all of these things is that , i didn't do anything wrong , i'm just here to obey the law , i'm here to serve my people , to honor the traditions of my people and my ethnic group , the jews .	巴ul的消息都是这样的事情 , 我没有做任何错误 , 我只是在这里 , 只是在这里 , 我的法律上 , 我就在这里都是为了帮助我的人民和我们的传统 。
like previous attacks , wednesday's incident in hong kong's busy north point district involved corrosive liquid apparently thrown into a crowded shopping district from a nearby highrise building .	如前的攻击 , 星期五 , 广告星期六在香港北部的居民 , 北部的北朝点分布包括正确的液体液体的液体 , 显然在附近的高度建筑区域 。
the level of employment is ultimately determined by aggregate demand , and aggregate demand is determined by whatever the central bank thinks the economy can bear , without jeopardising stable prices .	业务水平最终确定的要求 , 由于中央银行认为 , 中国银行的银行认为 , 没有jopardardardardardardardstststststst.
their study subjects ate vegetarian whole foods with 10 percent of calories from fat , walked 30 minutes six days a week , used stressreducing techniques , and went to a weekly support group .	他们的研究对象是在全球各样的食物 , 从脂肪中获得了10%的食物 , 走到了30分钟 , 用30分钟 , 6分钟 , 使用应力制作技术 , 并且在一周内获得了一次的食物 。
here the supermarket and street stalls coexist , variety of handicraft souvenirs , with ivory and wood carvings of figures , pest birds , flowers , shape lifelike lifelike , are tourists shopping places .	在这里 , 超市和街道站在那里 , 各种手工工工工工工工工工艺 , 都有各种手工工工工工艺 , 带着火灾、野生鸟、野生鸟、花鸟、花鸟、花鸟、花鸟、鸟类、鸟类、鸟类、鸟类、鸟类等 。
the purpose of this study was to describe norms of pinch strength for normal taiwanese adults and to investigate the effects the of age , gender , height , weight , and digit length on pinch strength .	本研究的目的是为了探讨正常的尾水强度的正常性强度 , 探讨了年龄、体重、体重、重、高度、高度、重、重度、高度、高度、高度、高度、高度、高度和长度的影响 。
beijingfuzhou highway , 104national road , the beijingshanghai railway runs through the north and the south , since ancient times as " fdbwa three , nine province thoroughfare " place .	北京高铁路 , 104个国家道路 , 北京铁路铁路路路沿北京 , 由于古代古代 , 自从古代古代三 , 九九省 。
it is the tallest rocket to emerge from the vehicle assembly building since the massive 363foot saturn v rocket used to launch apollo astronauts to the moon in the 1960s and 1970s .	自1960年以来 , 这是最高的岩石 , 是最高的岩石 , 由于1960年以来 , 由于1960年以来最高的建筑物 。
how can the miaos women living in the remote mountain area get to know yinyang fish , the typical symbolic logo of han's culture , and embody the socalled yinyang philosophy in their embroidery ?	如何在远程山区女性生活在远程山区 , 到了解杨山鱼 , 汉文化的典型的典型象征失去了 , 体现了阳光哲学的哲学 , 体现了如何被称为 " 阳阳光哲学 " 的哲学 " 呢 ?
on monday and tuesday , students boycotted classes and examinations while several thousand students maintained a peaceful demonstration outside the college's administration building , students said .	周一和周一 , 学生今天 , 学生们的学生们和考试 , 同时 , 几千名学生在大学管理建筑中保持和平衡示范 。
wen jiabao , carry out seriously the spirit of the 17th cpc national congress , devote more efforts to the anticorruption work and a clean and honest government construction , 9 qiushi , 6 .	温家宝 , 很严肃地探讨了17-cpc国会议的精神 , 探讨了更多的抗腐败工作 , 以及一个清洁和诚实的政府建设 , 96 。
february 6 , 2005 , the ministry of commerce issued " for the " thousands of rural villages " the pilot informed the market works " officially launched " thousands of rural villages " the market works .	今年6月6日 , 2005年2月6日 , 商务部长 " 为 " 数千名农村村村村 " 的 " 数千名农村村村村村 " 的官员工资 " 工资 " 。
building on its expertise in amoled technology , the samsung nx10 sports a large 3 . 0 " amoled screen , delivering a far brighter and clearer image than comparable lcd screens . "	建筑在其专业的高度技术上 , 建立了samgnxnxn10运动机场3.0 " 远程屏幕 , 转换了一个远程的光纤和清晰的图像 。
this may result in either a ) the polar ice caps melt , forcing mankind to live on boats with kevin costner or b ) the gulf stream stops , turning new york city into an enormous icecube .	这可能导致 , 另外 , 可能会导致波尔冰带带我 , 为了在船上生活在船舶上 , 或 " 维尔夫斯坦斯坦斯坦停止 , 转变纽约城市 。
based on structural risk minimization principal , the influences of the error penalty parameter c and the kernel parameter σ on support vector machines generalization ability are studied .	基于结构风险监测原理 , 研究了rrorpalpalpalpalpalpalpal参数的影响 , 并对支持矢量机的支持矢量机的影响 。
under semantics guidance , through the full title sentence's analysis and the full title sentence's probabilistic logic system , we have a good solution for full title sentence's inductive acceptance .	在语义指导下 , 通过全身的语义指导 , 通过全身的分析和全身的理论逻辑逻辑系统 , 实现了全身的语义逻辑逻辑逻辑系统 , 具有充分的解决方案 。
on hearing her routine , christopher hitchens , a polemicist , remarked that “when comedians flatter the president , they become court jesters , and the country becomes a banana republic . ”	在听到她的路上 , 基督教徒 , 基督教徒 , 一个政治主义者 , 表示 , 「 」 的政治主义者 」 」 的政治主义者 , 成为一名巴纳共和国 。
as jamel belhaj , general director of public debt in tunisia , puts it , “it is very important for us to maintain an optimal combination of fixed and floating rate debt to manage our debt service costs .	正如jamelljj , 通常的董事长唐纳亚公共债务部长 , 提出: " 这是很重要的 , 为了保持固定和流量的最佳合作 , 保持我们的支持最佳成本 。
designed to access the electronic control and diagnostic systems such as engine , diesel pump , gearbox , clutch , brakes , asd , asr , srs , electrical roof control , dash panel and ac/heating .	设计访问电子控制和诊断系统 , 例如引擎、柴油泵泵、切割、切割、切割、假设、rrs、rs、rs、rs、rsrs、rsrs、dr、dsh等电子控制系统 。
the lawyers' associations shall conduct professional selfregulation of the practice of law by lawyers in accordance with the lawyers law , bylaws of lawyers' associations and professional rules .	法律师的协会应当按法律师法律法规定法律法规定的法律法律法规定 , 法律师的法律法律和专业规定 。
it is important to recognize the circulatory dysfunction in the elderly trauma patients may be primarily caused by hypovolemia , but to differentiate it from cardiac insufficiency may be necessary .	这是很重要的 , 为了认识到现代贸易患者的循环动态功能 , 可能主要是因为hypoposememia的原因 , 但由于心脏功能的原因 , 可从心脏功能下降 。
" we talk about five core competencies in social and emotional learning , " says weissberg , " selfawareness , selfmanagement , social awareness , relationship skills , and responsible decision making .	" 我们谈到五个核心复杂的教练 , " 西伯格说 , " 自我意识、社会意识、社会意识、社会意识、关系技能、关系技能、关系技能、关系力、关系力和反应性决定 。 "
waste water treatment , water purification , dewatering , bar screen , rotary drum screen , jet diffuser , pump , water filter , belt filter press , powder dissolver pumps and pumping equipment .	废水处理 , 水清洗 , 水清洗 , 清洗 , 水洗 , 洗衣 , 洗衣 , 洗衣 , 洗衣 , 洗涤 , 洗涤 , 洗涤 , 洗涤 , 洗涤 , 洗涤 , 洗衣服装 。
the basic principles and simulation methods of a nullcouplerbased oadm are studied firstly , especially in the crosstalk of a ybranch structure and the coupling properties of a tilted grating .	首先 , 研究了一种基于ullcoucoplplplplplplplpleradm的基本原理和仿真方法 。
george w bush , who is regularly in bed by 10pm , thomas edison , napoleon , condoleezza rice , who wakes at 4 . 30am , and ernest hemingway are among those known as larks .	乔治·布什 , 经常被10pm、omomsisison、napopoonon、spopopoononon、sopopozzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzawale、sozazazawale、sozazazazazazazace、sazazazazazazazaceszazathalalzathalzalzaces
it had been concluded that some certain intermacromolecult cross link was formed among finishing agents and fiber by means of acid and alkalic hydrolysis , amino acid analysis and tg method .	结论 , 采用酸和碱性水解、碱性水解和碱性水解法 , 得到了一定的内固化交叉链接 。
s . refused to sign the agreement , and is urging the united nations' convention on certain conventional weapons " a protocol attached , so as to provide legitimacy to the use of cluster weapons . "	美国拒绝签署协议 , 是为了在某些传统的武器 " 一个协议 " 的协议 , 因此 , 因此 , 拒绝为为为为了提供立法的武器 。
i estimate that , based on economic values , these losses will to a further $800 billion to $900 billion , putting total credit losses north of $1 . 7 trillion for the whole period of the crisis .	我估计 , 基于经济价值的估计 , 这些损失将为900亿美元 , 00亿美元 , 把总信贷损失为1.7亿美元 。
supachai's comments come as the u . s . house of representatives friday is expected to vote again on a revised $700 billion bailout plan after the bill was struck down monday .	巴基亚的评论将于今天 , 美国的房子今天 , 今天 , 美国房子今天预计 , 预计 , 今天 , 美国的房子预计将在收购700亿美元的房子下降 。
licensor desires to grant to the licensee for agreed sum of money as provided herein , and licensee desires to obtain from licensor , nonassignable , geographically restrictive license .	公共主义者要求希望与公共的支持 , 为此提供金钱提供的支付 , 以及公共希望从公共商、非可信、地理上获得不可靠、地理性、地理地理上取得的成果 。
based on the fermented yoghourt , we took fresh milk as raw material and added stabilizer , honey , essence and sugars into it to produce fruity flavor drinks with lactic acid bacteria .	基于发酵的基础上 , 建立了新型的牛奶 , 加入新型奶 , 加入淀粉、糖、糖、糖糖、糖、糖和糖糖和糖糖和糖糖蛋白质 , 制作了乳腺素 。
poet yiannis ritsos once called monemvasia " a ship of stone , " and those who have visited rave about " rugged , saltofthe earthbeauty " that provides " a refreshing escape " from the real world .	波特亚尼尼亚一次称为 " 蒙瓦瓦瓦斯 " 的一艘石油船 " 的船舶 , 那些被访问 " 的 " 破坏了 " 的地球 "  , 的地球队 " 为世界提供了新的新型船舶 。
when this happens , the pancreas produces greater amounts to compensate , flooding the bloodstream with insulin ; high levels of insulin in the blood have been linked to [some types of] cancer .	当这个发生发生时 , 胰岛素产生大量的增加 , 胰岛素和胰岛素含量较高的胰岛素 , 血液在血液中被链接到血液中 , 血液中 , 血液含有较高的血液水平 。
this patent pending formula , amidren contains efficacious amounts of clinically proven natural ingredients to address the 5 critical stages of male hormone modulation to address andropause as men age .	这种病例支持普遍 , idrennnnnnn含有有有效的临床诊断 , 为了抑郁患者提供临床自然的临床诊断 , 以抑郁患者的5个男性激素模式的临床疗效 。
while a full takeover is seen as a stretch , some companies that may cast an eye over the unit include hp's rivals in asia such as china's lenovo group ltd and taiwan's acer inc , banking sources said .	尽管一个全面采取完全是一项策略 , 一些公司可能会在亚洲 , 比如中国最新一位中国的新华诺v组织和台北部的一家公司中获得一家眼睛 。
the necessity and thinking on the structural adjustment in agricultural industry is discussed , on the basis of investigation and analysis on agricultural present situation of xiangtan city .	讨论了农业工业工业的必要性和思想和思想 , 探讨了农业现状的研究和分析和分析 。
single fundamental mode verticalcavity surfaceemitting laserhas potential applications such as data transmission in optical network , optical interconnect , optical storage , and laser printing .	单个基本模式的基本模式的基本模式 , 表面限制层层的潜在应用 , 如光学网络、光学连接、光学存储、光学存储、光学存储等 。
spending in 2010 decreased 1 . 3% , after the country’s defense ministry recommended germany close several army bases and cut the number of troops from 250 , 000 to 180 , 000 .	2010年2010年增长1.3% , 全国防部的防守部长建议德国的德国军事基地 , 德国军事基地的数量从250 , 000到1 , 000到1 , 000 。
qiu lin is new , heavy is good for her , but she is hypocritical in the eyes of others . < /p> < p> qiu lin went to the director , insisted on their own , the director appreciate her .	青林是新闻的 , 重新是她 , 但她在眼睛的眼睛里 , </p>>>>我去了 , 坚持自己的目录 , 坚持自己的目标 。
keenly awaited growth figures for the fourth quarter of 2008 were as clear as mud to most analysts , who were left struggling to work out what is really happening in the world's thirdlargest economy .	关键在2008年的第四季度 , 为2008年的第四季度的增长图像 , 大多数分析人员在全球第三季度的第三个目标经济中 , 全球第三季度的增长 。
in order to establish a fullfledged market economy in our country , we must have a better bankruptcy law , which should remedy the shortcomings of the current law lacking of individual bankruptcy .	为了建立一个全面的市场经济经济 , 必须有一个更好的银行法 , 应该重新回到目前的银行的法律 , 应该重新回到目前的银行缺乏个人银行的缺陷 。
through simulation and modification , more accuracy experiment data were gained . the calibration curve of alanine dosimeter irradiated by proton was obtained at last . the linear coefficient is 0 . 999 5 .	通过仿真和修改 , 得到了较多的准确的实验数据 , 得到了最后 , 得到了最后 , 得到了最后 , 得到了最后的线性系数为0999 。
it's going to run through the loop , accumulating the answers , but because i'm subtracting , x it's just going to keep making x more and more negative as it goes along , again it's off into an infinite loop .	这将会经过伦敦 , 积累回答者 , 但因为我买下的话 , xx它只是要保持x更多 , 更多的负面 , 再次将它放弃出来的答案 。
joe biden , the vicepresident , responding to republican sniping today in an interview with nbc . " i hear a lot of criticism , but i never hear anything [suggested] in response .	约瑟密斯 , 维多斯坦居民 , 今天回顾了与nbc联系的联系 , " 我听到了很多批评主义 , 但我从来没有听到的任何事情 。 "
the high mountain is a unique environment . the mountain range poses tough trials for the life forms that inhabit it . yet , the challenges provide the necessary motives for species to adapt and evolve .	高山是一个独特的环境 , 山区的山区是一定的环境 , 是一定的环境 。
the results showe that it can assist the experiments making glucose plasma which desire ideal de value . and it can significantly reduce the number of experiments , save human resource , money and time .	结果表明 , 可以帮助实验 , 可以帮助实验全球平台的实验价值 , 可显著降低实验、储蓄人力资源、资源和时间 。
earlier today , all things considered host robert siegel asked anthony carnevale , director of georgetown university's center on education and the workforce , if that number is correct .	今天早些时候 , 所有的事情都考虑了罗伯特·iegel的事情 , 请问阿森纳·凯恩·凯恩·凯尔 , 乔治大学教育和工作中心的话 , 如果这个数字是正确的 。
even if you're running a oneperson business , invite your spouse or significant other , a trusted friend who knows your business , andif you can afford the hourly feesyour accountant or attorney .	即使如果你正在运行一个超逊商业 , 邀请你们的精神或更重要的朋友 , 否则你知道你的业务 , 否则你可以为自己的业务 , 否则你能使你能够努力享受自己的成绩 。
china's ravenous appetite for energy puts the country at risk of reaching a point of “peak coal , ” when demand for coal will outstrip domestic production capacity , a growing number of experts believe .	中国的快速适用于能源的风险 , 把国家放弃了 " 破碎煤炭 " , " 当然 , 当然 , 要求煤炭的需求将扩展国内生产能力 , 增长大量专家相信 。
i create sculptural ceramic work which , although abstract , is rooted in the natural world . simple curved and undulating forms explore biomorphic shapes and structural growth patterns .	我创建了雕塑的陶瓷陶瓷陶瓷陶瓷陶瓷陶瓷陶瓷陶瓷陶瓷陶瓷陶瓷陶瓷 , 尽管是天然世界的 , 简单曲曲曲曲曲线 , 超越了生物形态形成和结构的形成 。
generally , college savings plans are managed on a very aggressive portfolio of assets in the child’s younger years , switching to a more conservative portfolio as the child nears collegeready age .	一般来说 , 大学拯救计划在儿童年轻年轻的年轻年轻的资产保护机构中 , 将更多的保护机会作为孩子们的孩子们的孩子们 。
medium and late powdery cushaw , the matured fruit is off white skin with little green , high starchiness , high quality , fit to freezed treatment or cushaw powder , planted in early spring .	中期和晚期和晚期末 , 成熟的果汁是白色的皮肤 , 高度、高质量、高度、高质量高 , 适合自由化处理或cushawwwws , 植入早期 。
china has had many 4000 company , according to baidu money signs up for exposure first quarter , in the client amount that baidu advertises , only 161 thousand , 0 . 4% what hold company sum total only .	中国有很多4000家公司 , 根据巴基金钱签名的第一季度 , 在客户机广告中 , 只有161000.4%的客户户端广告中 , 只有16000.4%的公司只有4%的成功公司 。
for more on the thinking behind times open , watch the yahoo developer network's interview with nyt's derek gottfrid , senior software architect the man behind the times open gathering .	为了更多的思想开放后 , 看到了雅虎开发网络发展网络的思想 , 与yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyahohohohohoo开放的思想 , 高级软件建筑师的建筑师的建筑师 。
in icrp 1990 recommendations , a new weighting factor——radiation weighting factorw_r was introduced to replace the quality factor q for modifying the absorbed dose averaged over atissue or organ .	在1990年 , 介绍了一种新的重点因素 , 激光工厂的重点因素 , 提出了一种新的强度因素 , 为了解释吸收物的质量因素qp的质量因素qq , 改变了吸收物质量因素 。
an algorithm for marking pitch at the location of the largest amplitude of continuous speech signal is described , which is based on the finding of glottal closure instants in laryngograph signal .	介绍了一种基于全球气象的研究算法 , 提出了一种基于全球气象的全球气候气候信号的研究方法 , 提出了一种基于连续语言信号的方法 。
the liverpool manager , who has presided over six defeats in the last eight matches ahead of birmingham city's visit tonight , claimed he was " 100% sure " his team would start to climb the table .	利物浦管理员 , 昨晚 , 利物浦曼曼曼曼曼曼德曼曼曼在上八场比赛中 , 最后一场比赛的6场比赛中 , 他说 , 他的球队将是 " 100%的球队 , 最后一场比赛 " 最后一场比赛 。
" when we use this technique to target gm plants , we can simply identify and kill the accidentally released gm strains without hurting conventional plants , " shen told scidev . net .	" 当我们使用这个技术来目标gm计划的时候 , 我们可以简单地认识到 , 然后将gmstrain在不能阻碍传统计划的时候 , " 她nn告诉网络 。 "
" happy people drag their spouses out of bed to go exercise , and they encourage them to eat healthier , " says bill chopik an associate psychology 3 professor at msu , and lead author of the study .	" 幸福人们把他们的精神拖出来 , 他们鼓励他们吃健康的健康 , " 比如说 , " billillpikkkkkkksysopiksysysysysysokysysysysysysysysysysysysysysysysysysysysysysysychochoysysysysysyy
though many people continue to identify black eyeliner with a retro look , zoller says it's never really gone out of style at auditions , and it's attractive as long as it's not applied too heavily .	尽管很多人仍然继续识别黑色眼睛 , 但zoller表示 , 虽然很多人在审计中 , 但很多人永远不能在审计中得到 。
chinese cities gained as the yuan strengthened somewhat against most other currencies , said mercer . shanghai , shenzhen and guangzhou moved up to 12th , 22nd and 23rd respectively .	中国城市正在加强了一些城市 , 同时 , 上海 , 上海、广州和广州和广州和广州和广州和广州和广州和广州和广州和广州移动到了12 , 23年 。
as a result , it's often easier to use static vxml files even if that option offers less flexibility , reactivity , and extensibility than to go with servlets and frequent recompilations .	结果 , 因此 , 通常使用静态xml文件 , 即使如果选项的选择更少 , 反应性 , 反应性 , 反应性和扩展性 , 可扩展性比服务ervlet和频率的可行性 。
natural carnival , life of the party , our after the sentiment , smart touch gladdening the heart and refreshing the mind , strong hazel incense bring multiple taste , suddenly lifeincomparable .	自然保护 , 党的生活 , 后来 , 智慧艺术 , 把心脏放在心中 , 重新混乱 , 强烈的哈兹尔在一起 , 突然生命之后 。
this week , xstrata , another big mining firm , suspended operations at a nickel mine in the dominican republic while converting its power supply to run on coal , rather than—more expensive—oil .	本周 , xtratata , 另一家大型矿业公司 , 还有一个大型矿业公司 , 尽管在一家尼克尔尔尔尔尔尔矿业的运营 , 同时 , 转换了它的电力供应力 , 除了煤炭 , 除去除除了燃烧公司 。
according to importance value , the vegetation in beijing wulingshan nature reserve can be classified into 3 vegetation type groups , 5 vegetation types , 42 formations and 139 associations .	根据重要价值 , 北京市文化自然储备的植物资源储备可以分为3种植类型、5种植类型、5个植物类型、42形式、42形成和139种植物类型、植物类型、植物类型、植物类型、植物类型、植物类型、植物类型、植物类型、植物类型、植物类型、植物类型、植物类型、植物类型、
and , that's a good thing to know because if you come out with an answer that's somewhere near the diameter of the universe and it's supposed to be the diameter of an atom , then you will know that you probably made a mistake .	所以 , 这是很好的事情 , 因为如果你从未来的食物中找到的话 , 然后你会知道 , 你可能会知道 , 你可能会知道你可能会有一个错误 。
the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite captured these falsecolor images on january 15 , 2010 , and january 21 , 2003 .	2010年1月15月15日 , 高空间空间空间航天员和反射辐射器在nanasa的海洋航天航空站上 , 这些飞行员在日本15月15日和2003年1月21日 , 2003年23月23日 , 美国航空航天航天航天航天航天航天航天航天航天航天航天航空航空航空航空航空航天航天航空航空航天航
there is a great need for deeply understanding the functions of single molecule of schistosomes in vivo due to the accumulated information from schistosome genomics , transcriptomics and proteomics .	深入理解单个单个单个单个单个单个单个单个单个单个单个单个单个单个单个单个单个单个单个单个单个单个单个分子的功能 。
the dead sea mineral improves the skin cells metabolism relieves muscle cramps and stiffness . protects body against fluid loss and balances acidalkali levels .	死海洋矿物改善皮肤细胞的皮肤细胞 , 抑制肌肉淋巴和稳定性 , 保护身体的流体损失和平衡水平 。
this company endeavors to hardening , normalizing , tempering , high and medium temperature quenching , mesh belt furnace quenching , cementing , time effective freezing and high temperature treatment etc .	本公司终端开发 , 正常化 , 高温、中温、中温、中温和中温问题、新型炉炉炉炉炉炉炉炉炉炉炉炉炉炉炉炉炉、水泥、有效化和高温处理等 。
ma haiyan ; chemical engineering department of nantong university zhang hao & liu zhaofeng ; state key lab for modification of chemical fibers and polymer materials ; donghua university ;	海洋 ; 海洋化工工工程部 ; 北京大学化工工工工程部 ; 山东省化工程部 ;
new york , us: nassau county police officers on horseback patrol outside the best buy electronics store on black friday , which marks the traditional start of the festive shopping season .	纽约 , 纽约 , 美国:nasaua县警察官员在希拉巴克的最佳购买电子商店外 , 最好的购买电子商店销售在黑色星期四 , 将传统的开始 。
volunteers of america helper rodney cunningham unloads boxes of thanksgiving food for lowincome families . he'll be getting a box himself to feed his four children and grandchildren .	美国的帮助罗德·罗尼尔·罗德·罗尼克·鲁尼克·罗德·鲁尼克·鲁尼克·鲁尼克·鲁尼克·鲁尼克·罗德·罗恩恩恩恩恩在低收入低收入的家庭中 , 他将会给他带来自己的4个小孩子和孙女孩子们带来的男孩子们的男孩子们带来的男孩子们的男孩子们的男孩子们的男子们的男子们 。
" wuzhen has a kind of nourishing energy , " said meng jinghui , the artistic director of this year's theater festival . " in terms of content and budget , they have given us complete freedom .	" wzzhen已经有一项小说 , " 长江省 , " 今年的艺术目录 " 今年 , 今年的艺术目录 " 在内容和预算中 , 他们已经给我们完全自由 。 "
after appreciating the exhibition , mr . coumet bought several kinds of souvenir on display and inquired on the business of buying pictures , showing heartfelt affection towards the master's works .	经过申请展览后 , 费尔先生把几种方式放弃了解决方案 , 购买照片的商业 , 展示了心脏感染的影响 。
the spotchecking results of fiber grade pet chip were analysed from intrinsic viscosity , diethylene glycol content , melt point , carboxyl end group , color , agglomerating particle and powder .	分析了纤维图像芯片的速度检测结果 , 分析了纤维蛋白质含量、甲基糖含量、甲基糖含量、金属含量、碳酸酯、碳化合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物等
in the eyes following son , rich brocade scale up of the beauty is engaging , pure such as the face of jade send forth a radiant ray of light and show people heart to concuss perfect creature chi .	在眼睛下 , 随着儿子 , 美丽的美丽的美丽 , 像jad发送的脸上一样 , 显示 , 人们听起来很多光亮 , 人们听起来很好的精神 。
first , yuanshizhu emperor kublai khan ended after the unification war , firmly once issued an order south demolishing the city city wall , after demolishing strictly prohibited repairing .	首先 , 安安安徽皇帝帝帝帝帝帝帝帝皇帝在战争中结束后 , 军队军军军军军军军军军军军军军军军军军军军军军队在军队的军队军队上 , 军队军队的军队军队军队军队军队军队军队军队军队军队军队军队军队军队军队队队队队队队队队队队队队队队队队队队军队军队军队军队
the expression of pdgf a was mainly found in the renal distal tubule and epithelial cells of distal straight tubule and glomerulus capillary , but igf 1 in transplanting artery equal expressed .	pdgf的表达主要是在肾缺血管和腹部细胞的表达和腹部细胞的表达中发现的主要表达 , 可是1-dgf的表达式 。
how much people make is " the no . 1 lie , " says julie jansen , a careercoach and author of " i don’t know what i want , but i know it’s not this . " " i tell my clients not to embellish their salaries . "	" 第1个人是 " 诺贝尔 " , " 朱莉·杰森说 , " 我不知道我想的是什么 , 但我不知道我不知道这是什么 , " 我告诉我的客户不知道这是什么 。 "
the budget of a local government at any level includes revenues turned over by the governments at lower levels and revenues refunded or subsidies granted by the governments at higher levels .	各级政府的预算 , 包括通过政府在低级和收入和收入或收入更高的水平下降 , 还有政府的预算 。
you may perhaps have some pleasant , thrilling , glorious hourss , even in a poorhouse . the setting sun is reflected from the windows of the almshouse as brightly as from the rich man's abode ;	你可能会有些愉快 , 轻松的小时 , 甚至在一家房子里 , 阳光照亮的窗户 , 阳光照亮的窗户 ;
at least 20 local madrassa students have disappeared , most likely to join the fight in afghanistan , he says , and taliban backers are even trying to stop the traditional music and dancing at weddings .	他说 , 至少20个地方马拉斯大学的学生已经失望 , 大多数要加入战斗 , 大多数可能在阿富汗中加入战斗 , 他说 , 塔利比亚的背叛者甚至还是试图阻止传统的音乐和舞蹈 。
method according to the criterions of diagnosis and degree established by respiratoy branch of chinese medicine academy , 81 patients of mild or moderate bronchial asthma was selected .	方法根据诊断和死亡的判断 , 建立了中国药物学院 , 81例中药物学院、81例 , ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 81例 , ~ ~ ~ ~ 81例 。
this is based on changes that first appeared during aix 5 . 3 , when you no longer had to turn off strict_maxclient , increase minfrree and maxfree , or reduce minperm , maxperm , and maxclient .	这是基于aix5.3的改变 , 首先在aiix5.3中 , 第一次 , 第一次 , 第一次在aiiiiiiiix中 , 第一次 , 第一次不再修改属性 。
the cboe volatility index or vix . vix , wall street's socalled fear gauge , fell despite a decline in stocks earlier in the day as traders saw fewer reasons to buy protection .	cbos电压指标或维克斯 , 维克斯街 , 斯特街的电压指标 , 尽管在今天早些时候 , 尽管在一天早些时候 , 尽管在一天早些时候 , 尽管在一天之前 , 还有些时候 , 还有可能会产生的电压力指标 。
the council for a parliament of the world's religions has organized meetings in 1999 in cape town , south africa ; in 2004 in barcelona , spain ; and the next is set for 2009 in australia .	世界的宗教委员会在1999年 , 南非 ; 2004年 , 加拿大巴勒纳、西班牙、西班牙、西班牙、西班牙、西班牙、西班牙、西班牙、西班牙、西班牙、西班牙、西班牙、西班牙、西班牙、西班牙、西班牙、西班牙、西班牙、西班牙、西班牙、西班牙、西班牙、西班牙、西班牙、西班牙
the good news is that h1n1 is hitting north america at the tail end of its flu season . it's possible that the virus may peter out and reappear next autumn , but that gives us months to prepare .	好消息是h1n1n1n1是在北美的北美海海岸的北美海海岸 , 它可能是病毒可能会在下个季节内 , 但病毒可能会在下个月之后 , 这些病毒可能是可能的 , 病毒可能会导致病毒可能性和病毒可能性的 , 然后 , 病毒可能会导致疾病毒可能会导致疾病毒可能会产生死亡 。
" it's good to know every game is winnable , " lamar odom said after practice saturday . " so we're down 10 , with seven minutes left , six minutes left , we know that we can come back and win that game .	" 每个游戏都是很好的 , " 拉姆·奥迪奥说 , " 劳拉姆·奥尔德说 , " 今天我们下了10分钟 , 所以 , 7分钟 , 6分钟 , 六分钟 , 我们知道我们可以回来 。 "
importantly , the wellestablished and proven workflow processes of tmcs that feed into corporate clients’ systems rely almost exclusively upon the airline booking and servicing capabilities of gdss .	重要的是 , 建立良好的工作流程 , 促进了企业客户机系统的系统实际上 , 通常在空气书籍和服务能力的工作流程 。
the conservative firebrand has signed a multiyear deal to serve as a fox news contributor , the cable channel's executive vice president for programming , bill shine , said in a statement .	保护纤维品牌已经签署了一项多年来 , 作为一个foxx新闻发布器 , 电缆通道通道的执行副副副总裁 , 巴什说 , 保护纤维品牌已经签署了一项多年来 。
the international community spent an estimated $500 million to bankroll the vote , which senior u . s . and u . n . officials acknowledged in recent weeks would be far from perfect .	国际社区发布了500亿美元的国际社区 , 最近几周 , 美国政府官员攻击最近几个星期 , 最近 , 美国政府官员攻击最近几个星期 , 最近一周内 , 国际社区将有500亿美元 。
" there is therefore a need to take into account dietary habits when designing studies to assess the association between flavonoidrich foods , antioxidant activity and degenerative disease , " they add .	" 因此 , 在设计研究研究中 , 需要一定要做成一项需要考虑 , 因此 , 在设计研究研究研究的研究中 , 为了考虑flavonvonvonvonvonvonvonvonvonvonmrichrit食物、抗氧化酶活性、抗氧化酶活性、抗氧化酶活性、抗氧化酶活性、抗氧化酶活性、抗氧化酶活性、抗氧化酶活性、抗氧化剂
and then we said you can also achieve octet stability and electron transfer if you look at elements that are just a little bit rich of electrons versus octet stability or a little bit lean of electrons .	然后我们说 , 您还可以实现octet稳定性和电子传输 , 如果你看到的元素 , 只是看到电子的电子的单元 , 只是电子稳定性或电子稳定性的 。
based on high effective locations algorithm and error estimate , improvement of the publickey scheme based on chebyshev maps proposed recently was presented and a key agreement protocol was given .	基于高效位置算法和错误估计 , 提出了基于化学宏观图像的基于高效的有效地方案 , 提出了基于高效的有效的方法 。
six kinds of new schiff base tripodals were prepared by using the triethanolamine , salicylaldehyde , and amines as materials . the synthesis of these compounds are shown as follows .	采用三甲醇、三甲醇、三甲醛醛、氨基酸三酯、六种新型的新型基基底基底基底基层的合成 , 制备了六种新型的新型基层基层基层的合成 。
she had brought up bits of old packing cases and the seats of broken kitchen chairs , and things of that sort , and spread them across from rafter to rafter so as to make a bit of floor .	她已经带来了老板包装案件 , 以及布鲁厨厨房椅子 , 以及那种艺术的东西 , 把它们放在大鼠鼠鼠身上 。
cocacola south pacific last year ran advertising titled " motherhood &mythbusting , " featuring popular australian actress kerry armstrong and claiming coke was " kiddy safe .	去年 , 加拿大西南部太平洋太平洋 , 来自去年 , 去年 , 加拿大了 " 母亲 " 的母亲和 " 母亲购买 " 的母亲和 " 安全 " 。
it suggested that the malignant transformation of human embryo lung diploid fibroblast cell strain kmb17 cell could be induced by cofc , which might have potential carcinogenicity to human .	建议 , 建议 , 建议 , 人类胚胎肺癌的肿瘤变化可能是由cofc引起的 , 可能会产生潜在的癌症 。
epitaxial growth of lbd and laser on single crystal silicon film quartz substrate or single crystal silicon film quartz substrate deposited buffer layer .	lbd和激光器在单晶硅电影中 , 或单晶晶硅膜电影的单晶晶硅薄膜电影的第一生长或单晶硅薄膜电影分布器上 。
private secondary schools are unlikely to succeed in the situation have been beneficial to their own circumstances , to attract highquality source of students , the school must have a high quality .	私人第二个学校不仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅
conclusion the expression status of her2 is closely related with gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma , the positive expression of her2 is a poor prognosis indicator for gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma .	结论d2表达状态的表达状态密切相关 , 与胃腺癌患者的临床表达有关 , 是胃腺癌患者的潜在表达式 , 是胃腺癌的潜在表达式 。
methods: gene chip and rtpcr were used to study expression of cxcr4 mrna in two cell lines and the cxcr4 surface expression was also examined by flow cytometry analysis .	方法:采用基因芯片和rtpcrrcrcrrr4对两种细胞线的表达及cxxcrrr4表达表达表达表达进行了研究 。
the performance nevertheless missed wall street expectations , as the new yorkbased life insurer raised capital for its $15 . 5 billion purchase of american life insurance co . , or alico .	无论没有错误的墙上预期 , 作为纽约基基于纽约的纽约基基金生存储资本的15.5亿美元购买的美国生活保险公司的15亿美元购买的资本 。
build scripts in languages like groovy or ruby are more concise and easier to read . there’s less clutter , boilerplate code , and your build script can be structured better .	建立脚本的语言 , 比如govy或ruby , 更容易阅读 , 更容易阅读 , 还有较少的cilplplplate代码 , 以及您的建筑脚本可以更好 。
the fall of rome did not destroy one of the most important tenacious and significant aspects of the old culture , the roman catholic church , which remained and became the central fact for the new culture .	罗马斯不会摧毁一个最重要的角色 , 是古代文化的一个重要的角色之一 , 罗马斯-----------------------罗马的教堂 , 仍然是新文化的最重要的角色之一 。
mr paisley , who leads the dup , the largest unionist party , is an 80yearold protestant cleric who has spent his life denouncing the very idea of a rapprochement with republican leaders like mr adams .	巴西先生 , 最大的联盟党 , 是一位80岁的最大的党人 , 是一位80岁的最大的党人 , 是他曾经发表了他的生命宣布他的生命宣布了他与共和党领导人相关的想法 。
in america babyboomers are flooding into retirement ; in europe the market is greying ; and in india and china the large number of graduates masks low numbers of truly highquality candidates .	在美国的婴儿体系中 , 欧洲市场是绿化的 , 印度和印度大规模的大规模的 , 印度和印度大量的大量的大量的男性高品种 。
the 1974 neonoir movie “chinatown” was based on the insider land grab by speculators and the bitter water wars the department of water and power fought during the 1930s with owens valley residents .	1974年 , 1974年 , 神经电影 " 是基于 " 机构 " 的基础上 , 是在1930年 , 1974年 , 1974年 , 被指控者和菲律宾水战争的部门 。
on m111 engine test bench , using the test methods specified in gb/t19230 . 62003 , the effect of different oils to deposits at air inlet valve and combustion chamber of the engine is studied .	在m111111引擎试验中 , 利用gb/t23的测试方法指定了gbt-111111型机械测试方法的测试方法 。
if several hundred thousand more haitians were able to migrate , those dominican , honduran or salvadoran numbers suggest that remittances to haiti would give its economy a huge and continuing jolt .	如果有几百多名海军人员都能错误 , 这些医生 , 医生 , 医生或阿尔多纳或阿尔多纳的数字建议 , 将会给海军的经济带来巨大的和继续努力 。
perhaps people need to remember that china refused tosurrender to the japanese , and kept a third of the japanese armed forcesengaged , preventing them from being diverted to fight other alloed forces .	也许人们需要记住 , 中国拒绝到日本的旅游者 , 保持日本的三分之三的日本军队长度 , 保证了他们从日本军队转移到其他军队 。
i guess i’m saying that even though i’m not making a significant direct financial input into our family , the volunteer work that i do is significant enough that some people get paid to do it .	我猜我是说 , 即使我不能在我们家里做出一个重要的目标金融输入我们的家庭 , 这个志愿者们的工作 , 尽管我是很有意义的 。
vicki back atmosphere was more awkward . < /p> < p> 11 weeks old and rainbow and eat together , two people about good signal if one felt good on the old week to pinch his ear .	维克莱回到了一起 , 维克洛洛洛在那里 , 杰克/p>>><1111周的老年老年和雨雪和雨雪 , 两个人在一起 , 两个月里 , 大约有人在老年的老人身边都是很好的 。
relatively new campaigning groups such as uk uncut will be joining traditional political attendees at the festival , including trade unions , as well as antinuclear , green and grassroots groups .	与英国联合国联合国联合国 , 包括贸易联盟、绿色、绿色和绿色和草坪团团队的相关新运动组合 , 包括传统的政治注意 。
the equilibrium temperatures of inclusion in pingbei area are characterized by double peak , which means at least two session of hydrocarbon filling occurred in the reservoir of pinghu formation .	通过双峰峰的平衡温度 , 认为 , 至少两秒的水平板填充在纯化形成的储层形成的储层形成的平衡温度和平衡温度的平衡温度 。
the fluid was so hot that it made upper ordovician palaeotemperature go up 50 °c , and increased the hydrocarbongenerating rate of carbonate rock in ordovician 32 times at least .	流体是因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 这种流体很热烈 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 由于至少至少32次 。
treated with high temperature steam produced by the autoclave and pressure cooker , the influence of high temperature steam treatment on the content of gcg in green tea was studied in this article .	用高温钢制作的高温钢制作 , 研究了高温钢筋混凝土的高温蒸馏处理对绿茶茶茶茶含量的影响 。
the geometric model for target hitting analysis of predictive arctype trajectory is set up and its analytical solution is derived . this is a new algorithm for target hitting analysis .	建立了目标hit模型的基本模型 , 建立了预测建立了预测设计的目标模式 , 建立了预测设计的目标模型 , 为目标hit算法提供了新的分析方法 。
in my opinion , having a dinner party can of couse reinforces the friendship among the friends . but it won't be forgoten that we shouldn't lay others' pain aside , while enjoying ourselves .	在我的观点中 , 为了让人感到痛苦的合作 , 为了让人感到痛苦 , 却不能忘记我们不应该再再次对别人的痛苦 , 同时享受自己的朋友 。
the pavilion was made out of 12 translucent orange cylinders housing the exhibit's various functions: conference room , information booth , food stand , and advertising column , for example .	例如 , 经过12世纪或橙色的宫殿 , 为了展览展览的各种功能:会议室、会议室、信息体、食物标准、食物标准、食物标准和广告列表 , 例如 。
as a gift to 2012 sinoseychelles culture year , the final of global cultural ambassador will be held on pearl on indian oceanbeautiful archipelago country seychelles .	随着2012年 , 全球文化的最终 , 将在印度海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海岸海岸海岸海岸海岸海岸海岸的海岸 。
the japanese industry pavilion is quite near to the pavilion of urban civilization . japan has always paid great attention to participating in world expos , and surely it will not disappoint you .	日本工业总是对城市文明的过去 , 日本工业总是为了参与世界暴露 , 并确定它不会失望 。
nowadays , our markets include southern and eastern europe , australia , middle east , southeastern asia and america , and we have regular shipment to many of these destinations monthly .	目前 , 我们的市场包括南欧、澳大利亚、澳大利亚、澳大利亚、中东、东南亚、东亚、东亚、东盟和美国 , 我们已经规定了许多海岸 。
article 35 2 limit orders for options contracts may state that the order must be executed immediately or else be canceled , or must be executed immediately in full or else be canceled .	第三十五条选择合同的有限条件 , 必须执行订单 , 或者必须在完全或else中执行 , 或者必须在完全或else中执行 。
wellknown for the loyalty to his sovereign , jeong mongju is a poet , scholar and famous minister who believes in confucianism during the gongmin and simwu dynasties of korea .	为了他忠诚的忠诚 , 珍江是一位诗歌 , 是一位诗歌 , 学者和著名的主义者相信在上帝和圣朝朝时代的宗教中 , 是一位诗歌 , 学家和著名的主义者 。
women's or girls' suits , ensembles , jackets , blazers dresses , skirts , divided skirts , trousers , bib and brace overalls , breeches and shorts	女性或女孩的成功 , 成员 , 杰克 , 杰克斯特 , 黑人衣裙 , 裙子 , 裙子 , 裙子 , 衣服 , 衣服 , 衣服 , 衣服 , 衣服 , 衣服 , 衣服 , 衣服 , 衣服 , 衣服 , 衣服 , 衣服 , 衣服 , 衣服 , 衣服 , 衣服 , 衣服 , 衣服 , 衣服 , 衣服 , 衣服
have " big sen " of business is drawing a voice to draw the color earth as the good believerses or the descriptions in the future fine blue print , or point out future generations maze ;	" 大感 " 商业 " 的大部分 " 商业 " 的 " 大部分 " 商业 " 是把颜色的地球 " 放在未来的蓝印刷上 , 或者是未来的一代 。
this result discloses that gekko gecko may improve ovulatory function of patients with anovulatory dysfunctional uterine bleeding , anovulatory infertility , and so on .	本研究结果表明 , 基基基基斯基岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩可能提高骨骼骨骼的病例 , 骨骼骨折的病理功能 , 提高 。
objective to illustrate the mechanism and significance of increased diagnostic rate of brachial plexus injuries using electromyographic examination of phrenic and accessory nerves .	目的探讨采用电子图像检查和访问神经检查的机制及意义 。
by combining with some project example , the bridge navigable clear width are calculated and analyzed . in addition , several advices are put forward for implementing current navigation standard .	通过对某项项项目的例子 , 提出了一种可行的清晰的清晰线路线的方法和分析 , 提出了几个建议 , 提出了几个建议 。
yet there was one more surprise left in this uruguay team , with maxi pereira's injurytime strike turning the last minutes of the game into wetyourpants time for holland's defenders .	然而 , 这个乌拉圭团队的最后一分之一 , 随着马西西西西西西西西西西西西西西班的伤害 , 最后一分钟在希尔兰的比赛时候 , 最后一分钟都有一分钟 。
pop singer mariah carey was born on march 27 , 1970 in huntington , n . y . to an irishamerican opera singer mother and an africanvenezuelan engineer father .	1970年3月27月27日 , 纽约在华盛顿27月27月27日出生的新闻记者马利亚·马利亚·马利亚·马利亚·马利亚·马利亚·马利亚·马利亚·马利亚·马利亚·马利亚·马利亚·卡尼亚·卡尼亚·马利亚·马利亚·马利亚·卡尼亚·马利亚·卡尼亚·卡尼亚·卡尼亚在19
however grist , the local force's equine liaison officer , cautioned drivers that they could face assault charges if their flag flew off and struck a pedestrian or a cyclist and hurt them .	然而 , 本地军队的军队官员 , 警察官员说 , 他们可能会面临火箭队 , 如果他们的旗旗下的战斗 , 如果他们的战斗战斗中 , 这个地方的军队队的军队队队队员 , 本地军队的军队的军队队队队队队队队队员们也是否则是否则 , 军队的 。
in 1968 , with memories of the sixday war with israel fresh in arab minds , he caused a furore by kissing a jewish woman , barbra streisand , in the movie funny girl .	1968年 , 68年 , 68年 , 6月六日战争的记忆中 , 阿拉伯·阿拉伯·阿拉伯·阿拉伯在阿拉伯·阿拉伯·阿拉伯里的一名杀死了4名杀死了一名杀死的女士 , 巴比拉斯坦的女性的女士 , 巴拉斯坦人 , 巴拉斯坦夫人 , 巴拉斯坦德拉斯坦人在电影片电影片女士的女士
the village stands far behind , and the streams that jog through the soft green valleys all about have as little knowledge of the seas as the threeyear old child of the storms and passions of manhood .	村庄在后面 , 村庄们远远远离 , 同时 , 大家都有关于软绿谷谷谷谷谷谷谷的小知识和三年纪的老年的小孩子的老年 , 这些村子们都有关于老年的小知识 。
their works not only expressed the depressed and discontented history and the palpitate unstable soul of ci poets , but reached the perfect fusion of current affairs and the aesthetic specialty of ci .	他们的工作并不仅表达了深刻的表达和探索历史和不稳定的社会政策的不稳定的社会 , 然而又达到了当前的非稳定性和美学特征 。
modest pattinson , dubbed rpatz by fans , admitted he was still getting used to the fan hysteria , which kicked off in 2008 when he first played vampire edward cullen in the first twilight movie .	莫德里斯坦德森 , 由于法国 , 他承认他仍然在2008年第一次获得了最快的hystia , 这是在2008年他第一次获得的 。
when the crisis unfolded and markets devalued all banks across the board , investors picked up seemingly cheap stock , expecting earnings to normalize in 18 to 24 months , ocampo said .	当危机不折磨和市场的危机时 , 银行在董事会上 , 投资者在18至24个月内 , 预计 , 预计在18.24个月内 , ocampopopos说 。
meanwhile , further arms cuts , both hope , might smooth the path to agreement on boosting the battered nuclear nonproliferation treaty at its fiveyearly review in 2010 ;	同时 , 同时 , 同时 , 两者希望 , 两者希望 , 同时 , 同时 , 同时 , 同时也许可以在2010年内进行核核核非分配治疗 。
spain's carles puyol scores a goal past germany's goalkeeper manuel neuer during the 2010 world cup semifinal soccer match at moses mabhida stadium in durban july 7 , 2010 .	西班牙汽车在2010年7月7日 , 在2010年7月7日 , 西班牙汽车的汽车汽车汽车公司的2010年 , 西班牙的汽车汽车公司的汽车汽车汽车车车公司在巴比赛中 , 2010年7月7月7日 , 至2010年7日 , 2010年7月7月7日 。
in a sign of increasing confidence in the pace of recovery , ford said it would begin to push its inventory levels over the 400 , 000vehicle level that it has maintained in recent months .	在最近几个月内 , 对于恢复的信号 , 福德说 , 将开始在400 , 000辆汽车水平下降到400 , 000辆汽车水平 。
downing street said prime minister david cameron has decided to stop using the treasury as his personal photographer of two wages , so as to avoid " the wrong signal to the public release . "	下街上说 , 街道主席戴维特·梅隆曾决定用两个年龄的个人照片 , 所以 , 为了避免 " 错误信号 " 请求 。
since being elected president in february 2010 , mr yanukovych has moved in two directions , consolidating his personal power but also pursuing economic integration with the european union .	由于在2010年1月 , 由于2010年1月 , 纽约夫先生曾在两个方向上移动 , 考虑他个人权力 , 同时也与欧洲的经济成本 。
other features include electric starter with recoil backup , single lever hydraulic disc front brakes , hydraulic rear foot brake , stamped steel wheels , and comes in indy red .	其他特点包括电机启动器 , 包括电机启动器 , 单个左侧的液压破裂 , 液压破裂 , 压缩钢板 , 压力钢板 , 压力钢板 , 进入深层 。
on a large television screen the previous day , elisabeth , 42 , had confronted her father with the full horror of her 24year ordeal in hour after hour of harrowing prerecorded testimony .	在大规模的电视屏幕上 , 伊丽莎白 , 42岁的42岁 , 她的父亲和她的24岁的24岁的时候 , 她的父亲和她的24岁的时候 , 她的父亲和她的父亲的父亲 。
organizers hope the dinner will raise $185 , 000 for the royal parks , which provided the setting for scenes in the second film in the series , " bridget jones: the edge of reason . "	组织人员希望晚餐将在第二部电影中获得185美元 , 000美元 , 为房间公园提供的第二部电影 , " 桥梁琼斯: " 桥梁琼斯基金 " 。
since independence from britain in 1956 , sudan's northern leaders have fought to extend their power throughout the rebellious south , waging a civil war for all but 11 of the past 48 years .	自1956年以来 , 苏丹北部领导人自1956年以来 , 自1956年以来 , 苏丹北部领导人已经足够扩大了他们的权力 , 通过重复的南方来扩展他们的权力 , 直到48年 。
that is , until the great archaeological discoveries of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries , which unearthed for us the great civilizations of the ancient near east , of which i have drawn a remarkably lifelike map ] here on the board: mediterranean , i always start with the mediterranean ocean , the nile river , the tigris and the euphrates .	直到 , 直到 , 直到九十年和二十世纪以来 , 曾经是美国古代古代的古代的古代文明化建筑 , 是一位古代的古代的建筑物学发现 。
sanford c . bernstein analyst jeffrey lindsay estimates yahoo's standalone value at closer to $25 per share , leaving out any deal with microsoft or google . yahoo shares closed at $25 . 72 on tuesday .	萨斯福特c.bernnnteteteyyysteteteteyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyalalalalnnsteteteyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyysaysaysaysaysaysaysaysaysaysayalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalstalalalalalalalalalalalalnnnnsnsnsteteteteteteteteteyyyalalalalalalal
and all of a sudden he had a crisis well , i'm not going to get into the depth of it but our banks , because they wanted to make more and more moneyand our investment bank , wall streetkept issuing different paper against mortgages so it made it simple to give a mortgage .	所有的一切突然 , 我不愿意到自己的银行 , 因为他们希望使我们的投资银行更多和更多的钱 , 等待银行的投资银行 , 华尔街街街街街街街道的目标 。
copies of these works , totaling 381 bundles , have been distributed so as to render them accessible to european scholars . prof . jayadeva singh writes in his " introduction to madhyamika philosophy " .	这些工作的代表 , 总部381英里 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 对于欧洲学者来说 , 杰拉瓦瓦瓦瓦瓦瓦瓦瓦瓦瓦瓦瓦瓦在他的 " 大陆教育中得到了贡献 。
the japanese artists isobe katsushiro and mizuno ryo continue to follow japanese beau ideal style , one draws the insect world with his pencils , another builds the weird atmosphere with his ball pens .	日本艺术家乔布·卡罗罗罗斯和米桑德·卡罗斯坦继续遵循日本的理想风格 , 一个与他和平凡的建筑物的建筑物 , 同时还有另一个建筑物 。
portugal has several other tourism regions such as douro sul , templários , dãolafões , costa do sol , costa azul , planície dourada , etc . most of them are unknown to tourists and locals alike .	葡萄牙已经有几个旅游区 , 比如欧元的旅游区 , 多数旅游区 , 大多数旅游区 , 大多数旅游者 , 大多数是未知的旅游者 。
