there is a television in the middle of living room .	生活房间中间有一个电视 。
they will spend a lot of money on new buildings .	他们将在新建筑上花很多钱 。
ifnecessary , we shall send a telegram home .	如果必要的话 , 我们将发送一个电子家 。
and you fixed them up with the plasters in your firstaid kit .	然后你把他们放在你的第一个海底厨房里 。
the notsosubtle juxtaposition is inescapable .	难以置信的垃圾堆积是可避免的 。
he's pasturing his cattle on the top meadow .	他过去 , 他在顶部的大桌上走了他的猫 。
but his teacher commented: " you are not in yet . "	但是他的老师评论: " 你还不在 。 "
but this was also a year in which the chinese dream showed clearly .	但是这也是一年 , 中国梦想显得明显 。
i shall join the lunch on 17 october 2010 .	我将在2010年10月加入午餐 。
he can whisper mellifluous nothings in my ear .	他可以在我的耳朵里 , 没有什么东西 。
the supply of raw material has been greatly reinforced .	原料的供应非常加强 。
this kind of walking tractor runs on diesel oil .	这类行车旅行者在柴油上运行 。
i bought a plastic cover for a typewriter .	我买了一个塑料覆盖为类型的字母 。
it had the spiral structure revealed by congo red .	它有螺旋结构 , 由上帝红而出现 。
because we're students we get in free of charge .	由于我们是学生 , 我们在免费费的免费中获得的 。
this is what psychologists dream about at night .	这是什么心理学家梦想在夜上 。
let us know , let us pursue the knowledge of the lord .	让我们知道 , 让我们追求耶和华的知识 。
that he's not going to suddenly be left adrift .	他突然不会突然离开 。
to assail with stinging criticism ; excoriate .	为了满足歌曲批评 ; 鼓励 。
example: a woman is married to mr . zhao .	例如:一个女人结婚赵先生 。
i won 100 dollars in the scratch lottery .	我赢得了100美元 。
is it too much to ask for a little precipitation ?	太多了 , 要求一个小精度吗 ?
his efforts were defeated by the forces of reaction .	他的努力被反应力摧毁 。
contact the old knowledge , revealing new lesson .	接触旧知识 , 揭露新课 。
and here in london , you have a lot of africans .	在伦敦 , 你有很多非洲人 。
definitely huaqing pool . it's the most famous .	尽管华庆池 , 是最著名的 。
and all my little candle flames burned out ;	所有的小蜡烛都烧了 ;
i've called it 'wikiwiki . '	我已经被称为 " 威威威克 " 。
sickness is suffering , death is suffering ;	病人感到痛苦 , 死亡受害 ;
indicate the operating sound level for each valve .	指出每个阀门操作声水平 。
the children were marshalled into straight lines .	孩子们被抓住在线上 。
b:here is viewing fish at rower harbor .	b:这里是看到在浏览器哈比的鱼 。
at a party in paris after violetta's return .	在巴黎 , 维罗塔的回来之后 , 巴黎在巴黎 。
some of you have come fresh from narrow jail cells .	一些你有些人从狭窄的jail细胞中出现了新的新鲜 。
salma asks her husband when the couple get home .	当夫妻回家时 , 萨玛问她丈夫 , 问她丈夫的丈夫 。
i take a deep inhale , depressed at the freshness .	我带着深深海 , 压抑在新鲜 。
i was an editor in morningstar from 2003 to 2007 .	2003年早上 , 我是一名编辑 , 2007年早上 。
with such a great victory come unreasonably great expectations .	这样一个伟大的胜利是不合理的期望 。
steven: i have a lot of wark to do in the company recently .	史蒂芬:我在最近有很多战争做 。
but that of the fixed dunes is the contention between species .	但是 , 固定的鸭子是种子之间的概念 。
on hearing that , her face went white to the lips .	听说 , 她的脸对唇上走了白色 。
it is not enough to say there is some economic growth .	这并不足以说 , 经济增长也不足够 。
how dirty the house is ! it has many dust bunnies .	如何死亡的房子 ! 它有许多尘埃的幸福 。
then joshua let the people go away , every man to his heritage .	然后约翰让人离开 , 每个人都去他的遗产 。
in case there is a collision of characters libra should concede .	在案例中 , 字符libra的集合应该配置 。
on the way home , several passersby wished me well .	在家里 , 几个乘客们希望我很好 。
figure 3 shows a screenshot of the doap home page .	图3显示了dap家庭页面的屏幕 。
one car come , one car go , two car bongbong , one people die .	一辆车去 , 一辆汽车 , 两辆车 , 一个人死亡 。
his list ultimately became church policy .	他的列表最终成为教会政策 。
the ancient wild alone and dolphins connector .	古老的野生和海豚连接器 。
i swear on my honour that i knew nothing about this .	我在我的荣耀上 , 我知道这是没有什么事情 。
the first concept was the use of the bind/unbind methods .	第一概念是绑定/unbindndndndndndndndndndndndndndndnd/unbindndnd方法的使用 。
orlando bloom had a couple of broken ribs ;	奥兰多·布洛姆有几个破坏的风险 ;
sophistry is a kind of special negative thought .	索菲利是一种特殊的负面思想 。
i think it's one of the best things about life in london	我认为这是伦敦生活中最好的事情之一 。
okay , we know . this is the opposite of plan 3 .	好的 , 我们知道 , 这是计划3 。
the person , even the child , mose choose for himself .	即使孩子 , 妈妈选择自己 。
sexologist's home turned into education center	性学家家的家庭转变为教育中心 。
you can watch the parleys . com keynote .	你可以看到这个parleys.comkeynote 。
storage for ten months in shady room and dry place .	存储10个月的沙迪房间和干燥地方 。
an option of viewing each of them in detail is given .	给出了每个细节中的每个选项 。
i bought a spray shampoo in a pet shop .	我在一家宠物店买了一个喷雾的山姆波 。
those attributes are used by the system and should not be modified .	这些属性是由系统所使用的 , 并不应修改 。
this time the croc goes after jack's dog minty .	这个时候 , 在杰克的狗狗的狗后 , 就去了 。
jalo has forgotten that he fell off his bicycle .	耶鲁已经忘记了 , 他将自己的生物周期下降 。
attendant: certainly . cream and sugar ?	注意:当然 , 克林和糖吗 ?
his reception however was of the most flattering kind .	然而 , 他的回答是最令人惊讶的类型 。
tan mei met john at the park again .	谭梅再次见到约翰 。
i have lost my dictionary . please lend me yours .	我已经失去了我的词典 , 请把我留下来 。
why is english article use so difficult ?	为什么英语文章是如此困难的 ?
that's how we got to the fahrenheit scale .	这是我们如何得到fahrenitherenit范围 。
she rarely spoke , she had no connection with the world .	她很少说 , 她没有与世界联系 。
the loops are connected by a crossover section .	循环是由交叉部分连接的 。
krämer: i find the us initiative highly problematic .	克尔默:我发现美国的初始问题 。
don't go for a usual all things tech blog .	不要去通常所有的东西都是博客 。
no . that’s how people refer to little girls .	没有 , 这就是人们如何指着小女孩 。
she waited patiently for frances to finish .	她等待了法国的病人来完成 。
all locks have the following basic attributes	所有锁都有下面的基本属性 。
b: these are the various kinds of packing for pliers .	b:这些都是各种包装的类型 。
directly across was the arco building .	直接是阿拉科建筑 。
c1400 the great vowel shift begins .	c1400强大的vowel转移开始 。
this is called the monotonic property of entailment .	这被称为细节的诺顿属性 。
they are my older brother and younger sister .	他们是我的老兄弟和妹妹妹 。
so , what does the family protect behoove to do ?	所以 , 家庭保护家庭保护所做的什么 ?
oh fiona found out she had some money in her pocket .	哦 , 弗里亚发现她在她的袋子里有一些钱 。
" none of us had ever been one on one with him , " she said .	她说: " 没有人和他一起都没有人一起 , " 没有人说过 。 "
now before magnycours we had a very strong test there .	现在 , 我们已经有很强的测试 。
amy is smaller than sue . sue is smaller than lee .	太阳比太阳更小 , 太阳比叶更小 。
there’s no getting away from it , if you’re irish .	如果你是爱尔兰 。
soft skin , red lips , so kissable .	柔软的皮肤 , 红唇 , 所以吻合 。
note that metadata is stored in the storage cluster .	注意 , 元数据ta存储在存储集群中 。
he is perfect as the sensitive but strong reporter .	他完美作为敏感的 , 但更强的记者 。
all it sees are elements that all look and behave the same .	所有它都看到的元素都是相同的 。
a file system must be unmounted to be reformatted .	文件系统必须被拆除为改革 。
lady: you mean , you were posessed ? father ?	兰迪:你意味着 , 你是父亲吗 ?
have a meatless monday recipe you think we should try ?	周一你觉得我们应该尝试吗 ?
supports j1939 through software switch setting .	支持j1939通过软件开关设置支持j1939 。
my students have been working with the star festival .	我的学生一直在与星期一起工作 。
the winner is the first to draw three people in one space .	冬天是第一个空间里画三个人 。
" three ! " zhang bin simply answer .	" 三 ! " 张宾简单地回答道 。
look no further than the amazing muscle maker !	看不再比mazmuscle制造商更进一步 !
eyebrows glued up into tiny peaks .	眼睛浏览成小峰 。
abandoned away by her lover , she pined away .	离开她爱人 , 她从她的爱上走了 。
listing 2 is an example php function .	清单2是一个例子php函数 。
the lucky ones do not always have the best .	幸运的人不总是拥有最好的 。
administrative districts: 10 parishes .	行政区:10个公园 。
the news sent a shudder through the audience .	新闻通过听众发送了一名ududder 。
the batteries then drive motors in the wheels .	然后 , 电池驱动电机在轮子里 。
please return the completed form to your school .	请回到您学校的完成形式 。
a picture worths one thousand words .	一张照片值得一千个字 。
i feel this is entirely the wrong answer .	我觉得这是错误的答案 。
inside the firewall , there is no anonymity .	在火墙内 , 没有匿名性 。
the snow , frost , and hail return .	雪 , 冰雪 , 冰冻 , 石头回来了 。
the tyres were old and had been smooth .	这种类型是老的 , 已被烟雾 。
your partner may be somewhat irritable this week .	你的伙伴可能是本周可怕的 。
i have been acting contrary to all my sense of right ;	我一直在与我所有的权利感相比 ;
remove chain drive wheel from crankshaft .	除去链驱动车轮从cankshaft 。
he is almost a herolike character on the campus .	他几乎是一个英雄的角色 。
but fate did not give them the opportunity to continue .	但是飞船没有给他们提供机会继续 。
i am going to redraw it horizontally .	我要把它放回来 。
shoes are too close together on conveyor .	鞋子太紧密 , 交易器上 。
taxidriver : ok . is that your luggage ?	塔西德里弗:好吧 , 是你的卢克 ?
increment real constant table number by rinc .	增加真实的不稳定的表数 。
he was sent by his father to go to college .	他被父亲送到大学 。
" we need more of this kind of thing , " one shouts .	" 我们需要更多的东西 , " 一次喊道 。
the soviet knight is dying inside his armor .	苏联的骑士在他的天气中被染了 。
water went down his throat and he started to choke .	他开始选择 。
she has looks like flowers and spirit like jade .	她看起来像花和精神像珠一样 。
what kind of land do they live in ? is it good or bad ?	他们生活在哪些地方呢 ? 是好吗 ?
we prepared a picnic and drove down by the river .	我们准备了一条笔笔记 , 由河下降 。
hurt , injure , or otherwise maim the bastard .	伤害 , 伤害 , 伤害 , 伤害 , 或者其他的伤害 。
no , i think you can go . i don't even get flan ?	没 , 我认为你可以去 , 我甚至不能得到法兰呢 ?
from the day’s chores , pause a minute	从那天的课程中 , 通过一分钟的一分钟 。
what christ said to his mother made her want to cry .	基督徒对他的母亲说 , 让她想哭了 。
ireland reports the lowest temperature in 50 years .	爱尔兰报道 , 50年内最低温度 。
if you think of ideas as these more abstract things .	如果你认为这些想法更加抽象的东西 。
ater a semester , i yearn to see may parents .	另外一个学期 , 我一年看到父母 。
if you don't , she's not likely to call you back .	如果你不会 , 她不可能叫你回来 。
methods raw material dissolved in methanol ;	方法对甲醇的原料进行分解 ;
e is for her eyes , with love—light shining .	我是为了她眼睛 , 爱情 , 闪亮 。
but credit is the lifeblood of the car business .	但是信用是汽车业务的生命血液 。
there is a sequence imposed on you by the author .	作者还有一个序列 。
do you have the experience to go out in your pajama ?	你有经验在你的帕杰玛去了吗 ?
its legs are short and strong with hard hairs .	它的腿很短 , 硬头发很强 。
my brother and his wife are a happy couple .	我的兄弟和他的妻子是一个幸福的夫妻 。
but there is much uncertainty about what it will involve .	但是 , 关于它会涉及的事情有很多不确定 。
and so we get mired in decisionmaking quicksand .	所以我们在决策中得到了错误 。
i'm going straight home after the play . what about you ?	我会直接回家 , 关于你什么 ?
his actions were not in consonance with his words .	他的行动并没有与他的话组成 。
this is my father . he's tall and strong .	这是我的父亲 , 他很高兴 。
but they were too terrified to fall asleep .	但是 , 他们太太太过了 , 睡觉也太过了 。
and what he does is writes this equation here .	他在这里写了这个方程 。
he was a pagan ... who worshiped idols .	他是一位巴根...谁担心的同事 。
in that numbers game it converged to 1 .	在这个数字游戏中 , 它将转换到1 。
please change to a single room with a bath .	请改变单房间的单房间 。
but the thing about change is it’s disruptive .	但是 , 关于改变的事情是失望的 。
the executioner had never seen anything like this !	执行人从来没有看到任何东西 !
overjoyed , she dashed out of the house .	过度喜欢 , 她把房子放出来 。
bitterness imprisons life ; love releases it .	生命 , 爱释放它 。
it turned our homes into funeral tents .	它转化了我们家里的房子 。
or maybe curiosity is a better word .	或许 , 也许是一个更好的词 。
so this is where the mixing of the solute comes in .	所以这是解决溶液混合的地方 。
can you give me a lift to the next town ? ;	你能把我送到下一个城镇吗 ?
enter a few new lines after the input box .	在输入箱之后 , 进入几条新的线路 。
a:what did uncle green come here for ?	一个:不清楚的绿色来到这里 ?
request that all communication be in writing .	请求所有的通信都在写作中 。
miniskirts were in fashion last summer .	去年夏天 , 小鸟在时尚 。
it can even cause disharmony in a family .	它甚至可能会造成一个家庭的钻石mony 。
a site has been chosen for the new school .	新学校的一个网站已经选择了 。
he replaced his brother as goalkeeper .	他把他的兄弟放在门口上 。
this tea tasted of orange blossoms .	这茶味着橙色的血液 。
karen zhou is perhaps an exception .	karenzu可能是一个例外的例外 。
conductor: silverplated copper wire ;	导电器:银镀铜线 ;
i haven't recovered from jet lag yet .	然而 , 我还没有从jetglag中恢复 。
a torch symbolizes the brightness .	火炬象征着亮度的象征 。
the moon shines fully into west tower .	月亮飞进西塔 。
he raised those goats from newborn kids .	他从新生孩子中提到了这些山羊 。
but first , someone had to get them into their transport tanks .	但是首先 , 有人必须把他们的交通任务带入他们的交通任务 。
display them in their rooms when they’re done .	当他们做的时候 , 显示他们的房间 。
then light the thing on fire and burn it .	然后 , 光亮的东西 , 燃烧它 。
other chapters are available in our elibrary .	其他章都可以在我们的纪念中使用 。
keep in mind that is bad is not abandoned .	保持在心里 , 坏不被抛弃 。
still , no matter what , the debt will be huge .	然而 , 没有什么 , 债务将是巨大的 。
i remember back then , i met you on my way home .	然后我记得回来了 , 我在家里遇到你 。
we stopped the clock at $3200 per head .	我们停止每头3200美元的钟 。
if you had clock problems , you will need to fix those .	如果你有点钟的问题 , 你就需要固定这些 。
juicers equipment , users need to contact me .	司法设备 , 用户需要联系我 。
the policy doesnot base on the will of the people .	政策不会基于人民的愿意 。
he was dozing in the hammock when i called .	当我叫做的时候 , 他正在做了 。
please attach a passportsized photo .	请注意一张传输的照片 。
elephant , your ears are like cymbals .	你的耳朵就像圆形 。
rooster: hey , are you free friday ?	罗斯特:嗨 , 你是自由星期五 ?
figure 3 . roundrobin's at the top !	图3.rororororobin在顶部 !
i overdid it at work and damaged my heart .	我在工作 , 伤害我的心 。
i felt some breeze in that one . smile .	我觉得在那里 , 微笑 。
greenfly can literally suck a plant dry .	绿色的飞机可以将植物干燥 。
attacking midfielder , 18 , river plate	攻击中场 , 18年 , 18年 , 河板 。
by the way , i don't want a night flight .	这样 , 我不想一夜飞行 。
he missed the bus , because he got up late .	他错过这辆汽车 , 因为他迟到了 。
the huntsman entered the forest , gun in hand .	猎人进入森林 , 枪手 。
our readers don’t like you . i don’t like you .	我们的读者不喜欢你 , 我不喜欢你 。
a knowledgable man knows he has limited knowledge .	一名知识的人知道他有限的知识 。
well , we could consider not putting in item 0 .	嗯 , 我们可以考虑不放在项目0中 。
why are all the best parties found on islands ?	为什么所有在岛上发现的最好的党人呢 ?
have the straight and uppercut , many changes .	有直线和上升 , 许多变化 。
the landlord put a new stove in my room .	兰德在我的房间里放了一个新的储存 。
the company is a world leader in electrical goods .	本公司是电子商品领先的一个世界领导人 。
more than a twirling wobble is implied .	超过一双双双胞胎被注意到 。
the theory of fermi operator is developed .	开发了fmi操作器的理论 。
a deepening happens , as you teach .	深刻的发生 , 正如你教 。
we don't know him ! " exclaimed meg .	我们不知道他 ! " 解释梅格 。
next , you need to give it some data to parse .	接下来 , 您需要给出一些数据来解析 。
hiti te9 hammer drill for each bay .	hititete9锤钻每个湾 。
he looked so dispirited i took pity on him .	他看起来 , 看起来 , 我在他上拿了一张照片 。
that was my first love , and i suspect hers , too .	这是我的第一爱 , 我也怀疑她 , 还有 。
do you require trading in nonhk stocks ?	你需要在非k股票中交易吗 ?
vatel has been in my family for over 20 years now .	瓦特尔现在已经在20年里 , 我家人已经在我家里了 。
an old dog will learn no new tricks .	一只老狗会学不到新的攻击 。
minutes of board committee meetings	五分钟的董事委员会会会会会会会会会会议会议 。
people found hoarding during the famine were punished .	人们发现 , 在失败期间 , 被惩罚 。
fish begins to stink at the head .	鱼开始放在头上 。
the connection member has a tapered hole .	连接成员拥有一个高度的洞 。
distinguish between an lvalue and rvalue .	l值与r值之间的区别 。
shine , and you cannot have any dissents .	嗨 , 你不能有任何缺点 。
okay . i have five minutes left .	好的 , 我有五分钟左右 。
it's a time thing for the elephants .	这是一段时间的东西 。
tensiometers can be made small enough .	紧张尺寸可以足够小 。
how far away is dalian from lvshun ?	如何离开大连是如何 ?
where are the lightning arresters installed ?	在哪里 , 灯光的逮捕者安装在哪里 ?
you have the same warm , sincere heart .	你有同样的温暖 , 自从心脏 。
yet china quickly upended this consensus .	然而 , 中国迅速增长了这个考虑 。
who will win the battle for the backbones ?	谁会为背骨赢得战斗 ?
it urges you , instead , to live .	相反 , 相反 , 相反 , 生活 。
i remember coming here once years ago .	几年前我记得这里来到这里 。
health administers to peace of mind .	健康管理人员对思想和平 。
marty tried to keep his head during the fire .	玛蒂试图在火中保持他的头 。
see ? picky eaters like food , too .	看到吗 ? 猪肉就像食物 , 还有 。
his eyes gleamed with relief and joy .	他的眼睛和快乐 。
" now we have to be sustainable , " he said .	" 现在我们必须保持可持续 , " 他说 。
there are lots of places to get startup capital .	有很多地方能获得资本 。
they are independent yet they are complementary .	他们仍然是独立的 , 但他们还是完整的 。
the soldiers bedded down in a barn .	士兵们在一只芭蕾上床着 。
the environment not bad , quite clean .	环境不坏 , 太清洁 。
michelle: i didn’t know you were going .	迈克尔利:我不知道你去了 。
he lowered his voice to a whisper .	他把他的声音降低到一只黑人 。
japan gas appliances inspection assn .	日本气体应用检查局 。
oh , he's a white sox fan ?	哦 , 他是个白色的球迷吗 ?
a love triangle of the most grotesque kind .	最爱的三角 。
always take your finesses , ' she said .	她说 , 总是把你的财产带来 , " 她总是说 。
no , thanks . i'm quite full .	不 , 谢谢 。 我很完全 。
a partial interest of any nature is insurable .	任何自然的部分利益是可保存的 。
i hope he can see the movie next time .	我希望他能再次看到电影 。
soup henqing , almost no oil .	汤汤亨庆几乎没有油 。
both these books and those clothes are mine .	这些书和这些衣服都是矿物 。
sit cross legged on the floor .	坐在地板上 。
but it is also an existential struggle .	但是它也是一个现有的斗争 。
the ship struck the rocks head on .	这艘船在船上打破了火箭头 。
he was driven by necessity to steal .	他是由必要的驱动到钢铁 。
in our class there are fiftyone students .	在我们班里有五个学生 。
i ' ll buy that for a dollar !	我要买这条美元 !
you delight to fish in troubled waters .	你很愿意在混乱的水中捕鱼 。
i will take my leave , like a butterfly .	我会拿我的叶子 , 像一只蝴蝶一样 。
i want a 3piece mafiastyle suit .	我想要一个3pimafileymafileitle 。
pasquale giunta: sure there are .	乘客吉尼塔:确定有 。
the designated holotype species has not been found .	设计的荣誉型种类并未被发现 。
but nobody saw her copying the name .	但是没有人看到她的名字 。
oxen have made great contributions to the world .	奥克森对世界有着很大的贡献 。
put the long ruler in the pencil box .	把长度的错误放在铅笔箱里 。
others say only if they cheat , or abuse you .	其他人只说 , 如果他们欺骗 , 或者给你 。
how do you cope when your brain locks up ?	当你脑锁起时 , 你怎么会怎么想 ?
i would fly to the moon if i had wings .	我将飞到月亮 , 如果我翅膀时 , 我会飞到月亮 。
honey , where is my benz actually ?	好的 , 我实际上是什么 ?
this tree . times when it was , were young .	这棵树时 , 是年轻的时候 。
and , after all , we are harvard so we know .	毕竟之后 , 我们都是哈佛 , 所以我们知道 。
the umpire lost his cap and his cool .	他的帽子和他的冷却 。
one 1970 stop still gives him chills .	一个1970年代仍然停止他的技能 。
then he punches tweener in the chest .	然后他在胸部打开了tweener 。
defarge was pleased at their arrival .	防御队在他们的阵容上很高兴 。
i wanted greenberg to be my pollster .	我想要绿莓是我的邮政人 。
he also wrote preface for the monograph .	他还写道 , 他还写到了诺菲的前面 。
violet said that she would reach the border .	维罗特说 , 她将达到边界 。
the man abstracted a pen from my pocket .	这个男人从我的袋子里抽象了一笔笔笔 。
she will run over her lines in the evening .	她将在晚上运行她的线路 。
he plays the violin better than mary .	他比玛丽的比赛更好 。
he splashed in the heavy rain .	他在重雨中喷洒 。
" why ? " tom snorted .	" 为什么 ? " 汤姆号号码了 。
does she always dress that badly ?	她总是穿着那件坏的衣服 ?
we'll have to start when sophia gets back .	当苏菲亚回来时 , 我们必须开始开始开始 。
i watched the cow when she said moo !	当她说妈妈妈时 , 我看着牛奶 !
dennis , what're you talking about ?	丹尼 , 你说什么是什么 ?
the steak is as tough as leather . ;	蒸汽是像皮革一样的丑陋 ;
sue: do you have don's number ?	苏:你没有数字的数字 ?
how long does it take to make an evening dress ?	多长时间来做晚衣服呢 ?
cataracts can affect your vision .	捕捉器可以影响你的视野 。
washing machine motor vbelts ;	洗衣机电机vbelt ;
the young tree has struck root .	这棵年轻的树木已经破碎了根 。
she licked the honey off the spoon .	她把蜜蜂放下来 。
let's learn english songs .	让我们学英语歌曲 。
because it has to drop off precipitously .	因为它必须准确地降低 。
b:yes , it's getting dark .	是的 , 这是黑暗 。
we owe our existence to these variations .	我们允许我们存在于这些变化的存在 。
so you take two documents and diff them .	所以你拿了两个文档 , 并把它们挖到 。
what makes a good system verification tester ?	哪些系统验证测试器是什么 ?
a: what would say was the lowest point in your point ?	答:你指的最低点是什么 ?
we learn not in school , but in life .	我们学不在学校 , 但是在生活中 。
li lei beat jim and won the first place .	李莉是杰姆 , 第一个地方 。
que: did you have sex every time she came ?	问:每次你都有性别吗 ?
one feels so alone when it is cold .	一个人觉得如此寒冷 。
he is the only son in a family of three .	他是三个家庭的唯一儿子 。
thank you for calling japan airlines .	感谢您为日本航空公司呼吁日本航空公司 。
may the lord save us from all heresies .	愿耶和华拯救我们 。
piani would tell them they had shot me .	钢琴将告诉他们 , 他们打了我 。
where is monsieur le maire going ?	猴子李玛丽在哪里去 ?
you win some , you lose some . that is life .	你赢得了一些 , 你失去了一些 。 这是生活 。
then we could insist on that target ;	然后我们可以坚持这个目标 ;
that year , that day , we are stranger .	今年 , 那天 , 我们是陌生人 。
his body was found in the floor hole .	他的身体被发现在地板上 。
knive are used to cut things .	knive被用来切割事物 。
how can jiancaigong without rain !	如何能加拿大 , 没有雨 !
peace is always relational .	和平一直是相关的 。
what do jack russells do ?	杰克跑的是什么 ?
do not lure her away from her duty .	不要把她离开她的责任 。
did the wisteria blossom this year ?	今年 , 威斯特亚的血液吗 ?
i wonder what this night will bring .	我想知道这晚上什么会带来 。
you forgive me for being so pathetic .	你忘了我这么痛苦 。
we walked far into the woods .	我们走进木材 。
a:forgive me for interrupting you .	阿:为了让我解释你 。
jeff loves to play with jayden .	杰夫爱与杰丹玩玩 。
i don't want to be told grow up .	我不想告诉生长 。
it is not that you are just vegetating .	这并非你只是蔬菜 。
before you get another oil change , stop !	在另一个油变化之前 , 停止 !
the intruders shot up the town .	这名工人在城市上拍摄了 。
there are not apples on the appletree .	苹果树上没有苹果苹果 。
all things change , and we change with them .	所有的事情变化 , 我们与他们变化了 。
so they drove boner out of the door .	因此 , 他们把门子放出来 。
i think their last win was just a fluke .	我觉得他们最后赢得只是一个流感 。
besides , he is only a baby .	另外 , 他只是个孩子 。
lily some money me the other week .	李莉莉莉有些钱给我另一周 。
it was paisley's first visit .	这是paisisisley第一次访问 。
they're rewarded for their waiting .	他们向他们等待 。
i'm trying to sleep .	我试图睡觉 。
both can be treated with braces .	两者都可以被处理 。
and its government is enraged .	而它的政府被抓住了 。
there is a purple from below .	下面有一个紫色 。
can i get a mike in on patrick ?	我能在包装上找到一个错误吗 ?
i heard somebody skirling .	我听到一些人滑雪 。
he is the sower of the good seed .	他是好种子的南方 。
we have to change trains at didcot .	我们必须改变训练 。
beat me half to death with it .	就像我一半去死了 。
he ate too many hamburgers .	他吃太多炸弹手术 。
she was popeyed with amazement .	她很喜欢吃惊 。
and then art on the weekends .	然后在周末的艺术 。
how big is a wolf's track ?	一个女性的轨迹是多大的 ?
large artery distensibility ;	大型的大型模式磁性 ;
this completes the installation .	这完成安装 。
he just dabbles in politics .	他刚刚刚在政治上 。
the bill was sent to her room .	比尔被送到她的房间 。
is your car manual or automatic ?	你的汽车手册或自动化 ?
it helps you not be inside so much .	它帮助你不太多了 。
that's what i think finance is about .	这是我认为金融是什么 。
throw it at him ! i dare you !	把它放在他 ! 我敢你 !
what is unique about the program ?	这个项目的独特性是什么 ?
why could i never please them ?	为什么我不能把他们放在吗 ?
welcome to the new dad guide !	欢迎来到新爸指南 !
losers hangout with losers .	失去的汉哥没有失去者 。
a feeling of shame came over her .	感觉上去了她 。
fasten seatbelt at all times .	所有时候 , 都面对海藻污染 。
examine if this is a pattern .	如果这是一个模式 。
he really cares about his family .	他真的关于他的家人 。
this brings me to my question .	这给我带来了我的问题 。
please drive a bit faster!	请驱动一个快点 !
tingting seems nervous .	清洁似乎是神经的 。
it is for bird watchers .	这是为了鸟类的观察者 。
she banged up the receiver .	她抬起了收到者 。
i like your new hair style .	我喜欢你的新发型 。
her hands smelt of fish .	她的手指着鱼的味道 。
but there's reason for hope .	但是 , 希望有理由 。
how did my papers get out of order ?	我的文章如何从订单中获得订单吗 ?
she had a shock and conked out .	她曾经有一只鞋子 , 然后走出来 。
how can you put a price on life ?	你怎么能把价格放在生活上吗 ?
hope you understand what , hehe .	希望你理解什么 , 他说 。
i slept like a fat cat .	我就像一只脂肪蛋糕一样 。
oh , so you feel the same way !	哦 , 所以你觉得同样的方法 !
rf output power over 4w ;	rf输出电量超过4w ;
many different leadership styles work .	许多不同的领导风格作品 。
you have many ways to kill your time .	你有许多方法来杀死你的时间 。
here are so many oil jars .	这里是很多油珠 。
one rope here , one rope there .	一个绳子在这里 , 一个绳子 。
let's tie the knot !	让我们把刀打开 !
this service defines three operations	这个服务定义了三个操作 。
he spends gold like soil .	他花了金像土壤一样的金 。
let's take these in turn .	让我们把这些都放在转换中 。
power elevation mill head .	电力发电机发电机的头部 。
that gives me the creeps .	这给我带来了我那个睡眠 。
ianto: that's just me .	安托:这只是我 。
we are the host of andaz .	我们是阿扎斯的主人 。
it was from the sugar i think .	我想 , 这是从糖果里来的 。
but why the redemption ?	但是为什么重新修改 ?
he is only a child of three .	他只有三个孩子 。
i think beyonce is hot !	我觉得比较热 !
and put bomb craters in there .	把炸弹炸弹在那里 。
the civets play two roles .	电视播放了两个角色 。
i've taken some small classes .	我已经拿了一些小班 。
join a startup and get stock .	加入一个开始并获得股票 。
slide out onto a large plate .	放到一个大板上 。
well , i love madrid !	嗯 , 我喜欢马德里 !
it does have intentions .	它有注意力 。
do you have nosebleed ?	你已经没有什么意思吗 ?
faugh dead u over !	面对死亡 !
what is the name of that process ?	这个过程的名字是什么 ?
one of my asq friend...	我的一位亚q朋友...
of course i will come back .	当然 , 我会回来 。
the other seven are tiny .	另一七是微小的 。
are you a selfstarter ?	你是个自我学习吗 ?
create a . toc file .	创建a.toc文件 。
but it still does me good service .	但是它仍然还是做好的服务 。
yeah . that's right .	是的 , 这是对的 。
so , what do i do with this ?	所以 , 我与此做什么 ?
when did you start to act ?	当你开始行动时 , 你开始行动吗 ?
would you like shampoo ?	你会喜欢莎波多 ?
my greatgrandmother .	我的伟大的母亲 。
that’s my girl .	这是我的女孩 。
we all are from shandong .	我们所有都来自山东 。
are you a working poor ?	你是一个工作穷吗 ?
i learn chinese every day .	我每天都学习中国人 。
but the gang goes on .	但是 , 上帝就走了 。
he liked to do the same .	他喜欢做同样的 。
what's montague ?	什么是印象 ?
time never comes back .	时间从来没有回来 。
as in organ donor .	正如在组织捐赠者 。
are you a salesman ?	你是一个销售人吗 ?
we just don't know .	我们只是不知道 。
that can be done .	这可以做 。
i love my job !	我爱我的工作 !
trust is low .	信任低 。
these are foundational .	这些是基础的 。
i could feel it !	我能感觉它 !
d a digit	dd一个digitititititdd 。
electronic truck scale construction process is simple and fast .	电子车辆结构过程简单 , 快速 。
almighty father rushed to rescue these lost lambs you ...	为了救援这些失去的抱怨你...
the customer and developer negotiate a fixed price for the project .	客户和开发商讨论了项目的固定价格 。
photo club took a photo shooting trip to mendocino ... more .	照片俱乐部拿了一张照片拍摄试图 , 更多 。
so the choice we make in our mid20s has to be a pretty smart one .	所以 , 我们在20年中期的选择必须成为一个非常聪明的智能手段 。
but if i want a unit vector , then i should scale this down to length one .	但是如果我想要一个单位矢量 , 然后我应该把这一点放在长度 。
weibian has vast iron inkstone wear , kousong notes that year hand .	魏比亚有大量的铁墨墨水机穿着 , 带着一年的注意 。
they will continue mr . kabe as acting principal of the school .	他们将继续继续作为学校的行动原则 。
let this represent the total energy of the incident electron .	让我们重新代表事件电子的总能量 。
in recent years , aquaporins in the brain become a research hotspot .	近几年来 , 大脑中适配器成为研究热点 。
in the biological sense it's selfdecoding , storing and scanning .	在生物学意义上 , 它是自编码、存储和扫描 。
being unwanted , or failing to fulfil the expectations of parents	除了不见 , 或未能完成父母的期望 。
fight the rapids as you kayak and raft down the vast mekong river .	战斗的快速 , 随着你打下了大河 。
disk systems will repair themselves or can be left unrepaired for years .	磁盘系统将重新修复自己 , 或者可以留下去几年 。
i practiced facial expressions , and i snarled like a wolf .	我实际的表达 , 我就像一个女孩一样 。
this happens five or six times . the monkey is very angry .	这次发生了五次或六次 , 猴子很愤怒 。
so we think the dwarf mutant " ddf1 " was ga insensitive .	因此 , 我们认为 " ddddf1 " 的ddddddddddf1 " 是非常敏感的 。
and as it is in the floral tribe , so it is in god's kingdom .	正如它在飞行中 , 所以在上帝王国 。
there are many legends concerning the origins of lantern festival .	有许多传统担心兰tern节的原始 。
and in the case of women , that often included sexual assault .	在妇女的情况下 , 通常包括性假设 。
leep is an effective way to prevent the generation of cervical carcinoma .	ep是防止颈椎癌的有效途径 。
close the gate of the pen properly to prevent the sheep from getting away .	关闭pen的门口 , 准确防止羊羊从而避免 。
and the multitudes hearing it , were in admiration at his doctrine .	而且 , 多学习听到它 , 是在他的医生中承认的 。
paramedic: i see you've caught yourself a maroon shark .	游戏:我看到你已经被抓住了一个马罗逊鲨鱼 。
all right , mammy . i'll teach her to ride sidesaddle .	是的 , 妈妈 , 我将教她去骑着边缘 。
it provides the opportunity to test unrelated applications running together .	为了测试无关应用程序运行的机会 。
taihao had another name , fuxi , one of an ancient three emperors .	泰国还有另一个名字 , 福西 , 一个古老三皇帝之一 。
twists can help detoxify the internal organs and lymphatic system .	twistist可以帮助防止内部组织和淋巴细胞系统 。
male mallard ducks are famous for their long , spiraling genitalia .	男子马尔·鸭子是他们长期的 , 精神病 。
even though that solves the immediate problem , the problem can still occur .	尽管如此 , 即使是解决立即问题 , 问题仍然会发生 。
see then that ye walk circumspectly , not as fools , but as wise .	然后看到这是的走路 , 不像是愚蠢 , 却像智慧一样 。
rubber mount ; finite element modeling ; static elastic characteristic ;	橡胶模拟 ; 有限元模型 ; 静态弹性 ;
create china world cup bid shanghai langao road stadium construction ;	创建中国全球杯上海路球场建设 ;
however , in hsr territory , the issue is even more important .	然而 , 在hsrterritory中 , 问题更重要 。
it's up to you whether you go or not . but i only have time on weekend .	这是你是否会去或不 , 但是我只有时间在周末才有时间 。
personally , i think his biggest drawback is that like as one or more dualuse .	个人 , 我认为他最大的戏曲是像一个或多个双重 。
she gets pretty drunk and stumbles home in the wrong direction .	她在错误方向上得到了很好的醉酒和象征家 。
the num received payments from the trade unions of afghanistan .	数字收到阿富汗贸易会的交易单位 。
being aware that we only have one life to live also reinforces that conviction .	意识到 , 我们只有一个生命 , 也能加强这种信心 。
this joy is unthinkable divided cheap wow gold from the peasants .	这个快乐无法分别从农民中分成的黄金 。
anyone who does not deny himself on that day must be cut off from his people .	任何人都不会把自己放在那天的时候 , 必须从他人中切除 。
fancy hotels are beginning to accommodate both man and pets .	福尼酒店开始推荐两个人和宠物 。
tracing the significance of wanxian incident and roar , china !	追踪wanxian事件和罗马 , 中国 !
cath: hello , i'm cath , cath jones . what's your name ?	凯瑟:嗨 , 我是凯瑟 , 凯恩 , 你的名字是什么 ?
mami is thinner friends are quite good , all my best wishes to all .	妈妈是薄弱的朋友很好 , 我最好的祝福都是所有的最好的 。
behind this jolt was one of the world's most concentrated property bubbles .	后面是世界上最集中的属性泡沫之一 。
brownie , birdy and cowcow drank the honey cheerfully .	布朗妮 , 布朗迪和牛奶喝了蜜蜂 。
okay that's a straightforward either or . isn't it ?	好的是 , 这是一个直向前进的东西 , 没有它 ?
consumable market prosperity is stable , supply of goods is enough .	消费市场性能稳定 , 供应足够 。
and everybody was very against them , the bookstore , because , you know ,	每个人都是反对他们的 , 书店 , 因为你知道 , 你知道 , 你知道 , 你知道 , 每个人都是非常反对的 。
bonds payable are the typical example of longterm liabilities .	债券支付是长期债券的典型例子 。
you are probably aware that in a database , data is stored in tables .	你可能意识到在数据库中存储的数据库中 , 数据存储在表中 。
you could also try using some for the advanced commands in google .	你也可以试图使用google先进命令的一些先进命令 。
they have also stirred emotions in the greek american community .	他们还在希腊的美国社区里也被逮捕的情感 。
countylevel cities have both urban and rural dual characteristics .	县级城市都有城市和乡村双重特征 。
he will be sorely missed . he was a great president , " he said . "	他说: " 他真的错了 , 他是一个很棒的总统 , " 他说 。
a slight , metallic sound , as of coins rattling in a pocket .	一个稍微的 , 金属声音 , 正如在一个池子里的大鼠一样 。
i'm finishing , there's no point in making a song and dance about it .	我是完成的 , 没有点在做一个歌曲和舞蹈 。
stop messing about , boys ! i'm trying to do some reading .	停止消息 , 男孩 ! 我试图做一些阅读 。
trace hooks can be applied at the entry or exit of any function .	跟踪hook可以在任何功能的门口或出口中应用 。
i came on business before , but this time i'm here to sightsee .	我在商业前来了 , 但是这次我在这里去看看 。
" summer hours " are a longestablished institution in the us .	" 夏季 " 是美国最长的机构 。
it seems most chinese people use a modified emule that abuse servers .	它似乎大多数中国人使用了一个改进的宇宙 。
gloucester board of real estate or financial plans bureau .	房地产或金融计划局的全球化石板 。
her testimony helped put several of the perpetrators behind bars .	她的测试imy帮助把几个吸收器放在酒吧后面 。
we must try our best to reduce the damage to a minumum .	我们必须尝试最好的减少损害 。
an impressive 75 percent of germans eat breakfast daily .	德国每天吃早餐的印象75% 。
google gobbles internet explorer’s market share with chrome	谷歌googlegoogle的googlegoogle网络探索商的市场分享 。
it was the first year my dad bought season tickets to the clips .	这是第一年我爸买了赛季票 。
he also blessed us that we would be able to remember our previous lives .	他还祝福我们 , 能记得我们的前一生 。
hand rails and banisters shall be constructed for stainless steel pipe .	应当建立无锈钢管的处理铁路和浏览器 。
tian'anmen square is the bigest square in the world .	天主的平方是世界上最大的平方 。
objective to prepare purified tick borne encephalitis vaccine .	目的制备纯化钛生理病毒疫苗 。
stresses applied to plastically deform the metal are usually compressive .	应力适用于塑料变形金属 , 通常是压缩 。
the northeast is one of the biggest grainproducing areas in china .	北方是中国最大的粮食生产区之一 。
eric blair wrote under the pseudonym of george orwell .	埃里·布莱尔在乔治奥威尔的伪造下写道 。
the whole community turned out to wipe out the four pests .	整个社区变成了四个宾馆 。
to facilitate this task , birt provides the data explorer view .	为了设置这个任务 , birt提供了数据探索器视图 。
gina:hello , dr . kellers clinic . what can i do for you ?	吉娜:嗨 , 凯尔德医生 , 我能为你做什么 ?
sergio: yeah , it sure is but they have the best drinks .	乔吉奥:是的 , 确实是最好的饮料 。
it was amazing that the boy was able to solve the problem so quickly .	这是令人惊讶的 , 男孩能很快解决问题 。
let's suppose you have a subteam working in a private branch .	让我们建议你在私人分支中的一个子团队工作 。
she also writes for the times and the magazine psychologies .	她还写了时间和杂志心理学 。
these real problems already bridge the dichotomies in the science .	这些真正的问题已经在科学中得到了分歧 。
art is communicating and perhaps people can get something from this respect .	艺术通信 , 也许人们可以从这方面获得一些东西 。
i mean , you're already talking about how that's not applicable .	我意味着 , 你已经谈论如何不适用 。
" is the tao in a handheld calculator ? " asked the novice .	" 是手持电子计算机的尾巴吗 ? " 问道 。
these new ideas are penetrating into the minds of the younger generation .	这些新的想法是将这些新想法融入年轻的思想 。
there’s another detail i love in this shot—the cropped foot .	我还有另一个细节 , 我喜欢在这个鞋子里的另一个细节 。
it brings longer droughts between more intense periods of rain .	它带来了更多的雨期间的干旱 。
each player who searches his or her library shuffles it afterwards .	每个球员都在搜索他的或她的图书馆 。
creation is then rooted in the mutual love of the persons of the triune god .	创造之后 , 然后在三月神的人的互相爱上帝的时候 , 创造是根本的 。
but if you are going to make them permanent ? where are you gonna cut spending ?	但是如果你要让他们永久的话吗 ? 你会切断花呢 ?
good programmers strive for code clarity in addition to code performance .	很好的程序员对代码清晰度添加代码性能 。
i do remember my brother learning to ride a bike though .	我记得我的弟弟学习自行车思想 。
the summer season is upon us and with it comes bathing suit season .	夏季的季节是我们的 , 和我们一起来到保护季节 。
please play with it before everyday use , in case miss important calls !	请在每天都使用之前玩 , 例如错误的重要呼叫 !
they're used to large nontoxic animals , like wolves and bears .	他们用来大量非毒性动物 , 像狼和熊一样 。
this was probably the first time the britons came into contact with other peoples .	这可能是第一次 , 英国人开始与其他人联系 。
there's nothing stuckup about the great english wild flower .	没有关于大英语野花的东西 , 没有什么东西 。
study on divisible abelean group of difference familypairs ;	研究了区别家庭家庭家庭家庭的分类 ;
any parcel over the dimension limit should be repacked into smaller ones .	维数限制的任何parcel都应该重新修改到小个人中 。
a thin , whitehaired man was sitting on a wooden seat .	一个薄的 , 白头发的男人坐在木头座上 。
but he still admires christians because of the way they face death .	但是他仍然承认基督徒是因为他们面对死亡而死亡的途径 。
here are five steps you can take to help your machines run much faster .	这里五步你可以帮助你的机器运行更快 。
the report on thatstrand of hair found in elena ortiz's wound margin .	这份报告显示 , 埃利娜·奥蒂茨的伤头发中发现的报告 。
technically , a cms stores all of the content in a database .	技术上 , 一个cms在数据库中存储所有内容 。
the procedures are similar to thesis flow ratetime method .	文章流量比法相似 , 同时对流量比法进行了比较 。
my mother was wrapping some banana fritters for a customer .	我母亲正在为客户提供一些巴nafritter 。
at the left is a temple dedicated to the roman emperor hadrian .	在左边是一个寺庙 , 向罗马帝国 。
the connecting of these pipes is done by the message receiver .	这些管道连接是由消息接收器所做的 。
experiment result: smoke is poisonous to tadpoles .	实验结果:烟烟烟是有毒的 。
then , the low dose effects and roentgenography interval were discussed .	然后 , 讨论了低剂量的剂量效果和罗根相互作用 。
so i advocate socalled 'xiaocheng english' .	所以我建议所谓的 " 小郑英语 " 。
the application conditions and methods of using the tiltmeter are described .	介绍了采用钛ter的应用条件和方法 。
whether caffeine banishes cellulite is less clear .	无论咖啡因是否咖啡因蛋白是不清楚的 。
a 9to5 work schedule provides enough time to relax .	一个9to5的工作速度可以足够的时间放松 。
do you remember he gives ? a couple of examples of this sort ?	你记得他给了吗 ? 一个例子的例子 ?
the sailors couldn't find anything to caulk the seam in the boat .	帆船不能找到任何东西 , 在船上捕捉海啸 。
hundreds of deceased soldiers lay in a state of disarray .	数十年的军队在一个显示的状态中 , 几百名士兵们在一次展示了 。
you can always go trickortreating during the afternoon or to the mall .	你可以总是在下午或到大厅里去吃惊 。
total number under poverty line 2010: 815 , 755	2010年贫困线下总数:815 , 75555
kisangani resident said the plane had broken into three pieces .	韩国居民说 , 飞机已经破坏了三块 。
with the coming of national day , i have a one week holiday .	随着全国的日子 , 我有一周的假日 。
the reactionaries are fierce in appearance but feeble in reality .	反应的表现是 , 但实际上可怕的 。
the boy plays up his strong points and minimizes his weaknesses .	男孩们在他强烈的点上 , 减少他的弱点 。
that's somewhere we haven't dragged morley to yet .	这是我们在哪儿没有拖着火星的地方 。
ottawa is also a mustsee city where i currently live .	奥斯塔瓦还必须在那里住在那里 。
we must carry on with the investigation until all the facts are found .	我们必须在调查之前 , 直到所有事实都发现 。
the significance of perinatal diagnosis was discussed .	讨论了气管诊断的意义 。
the passengers turned quite green with sea sickness .	乘客们用海科技转向了很多绿色 。
please line the drawers with clean paper after you have emptied them .	请在你已经雇佣他们之后 , 请用清洁的纸张 。
a noblewoman holding the rank of viscount in her own right .	一名诺贝尔woman在自己的右边举行了一名受害者 。
doing so will help offset the harmful effects of urban pollution .	为了帮助城市污染的危害效果 。
many specialistic techniques contribute to archaeology .	许多专业技术有利于考古学的贡献 。
forest ecoeconomic productivity and the development of forestry produce ;	森林生态生产和林业产业的发展 ;
the calculations are performed in parallel on each partition where the data is .	计算在每个部分上执行的平板 , 数据是在每个部分上执行的 。
investigators have identified the bomber as han wushun .	调查人员发现 , 作为韩国武器的炸弹 。
leiomyosarcoma of the small intestine is an uncommon tumor .	小肠道肠道病是一种常见的肿瘤 。
faultstring is a human readable description of the fault .	失败是一个人类可读的描述 。
launch an effort to get together the various departments .	发出了一项努力 , 共同获得各种部门 。
very possible that you don't meet any one of these two conditions .	很可能 , 你不会遇到这些两条条条条件之一 。
mom: you just care about this ? haven't you compared other things ?	妈妈:你只是关心这个吗 ? 你没有比其他东西比较吗 ?
the cristae of the mitochondria are arranged closely .	近年来 , 米托隆多利亚的哭泣被密切地转向了 。
winter morning , most of the bleak shantang should be it snow !	冬天早上 , 大多数破碎的黄色应该是雪 !
i thought it would raise a smile with people at the exhibition .	我觉得这将与展览的人一起笑容 。
can i get some phenobarbital , something to calm this guy down ?	我能获得一些诺比比比比尔 , 某些东西可以把这个家伙拿下来吗 ?
if you keep on collection , in time you'll have a wealth of data .	如果你保持收集 , 时间你会有一个数据的财富 。
the “others” were asleep , while they both breathed the same fever .	" 你们 " 睡觉 " , 双方都呼吸了同样的感觉 。
oh , i love new orleans , but i want to go home and visit tara .	哦 , 我喜欢新奥勒斯坦 , 但是我想回家去塔拉 。
i will be 96 , so i will be making films very , very slowly .	我将是96岁的 , 所以我会很慢地做电影 , 很慢 。
thanks obama for all the nasa cuts . you big dummy .	感谢奥巴马的所有纳萨切割 , 你大气 。
back to what we do should be for all the limitless affectionate and so back to .	回到我们应该为所有无限的感染 , 所以回到 。
however , by year end , it has been found : it is a false alarm .	然而 , 到年底 , 发现:它是一个虚拟的警告 。
most who unveil hisagendas deserve the condemnation they receive。	大多数 , 除了他的年龄人对他们收到的信心 。
tom: i feel very depressed and don't feel like doing anything .	汤姆:我感到非常沮丧 , 不喜欢做任何事情 。
this is a major step and also can be the most tedious step in tuning .	这是一个主要步骤 , 也可以成为最严重的步骤 。
spammers also have become more sophisticated about exploiting trust .	蜘蛛也变得越来越多的关于开发信任 。
mission control said sharipov had reported that the crew were feeling fine .	任务控制说 , 莎利波夫已经报道 , 这个城市正在感觉很好 。
players on its own strength , through hard work then realize their dreams .	玩家在自己的力量上 , 经过很难实现他们的梦想 。
a: absolutely . it gives the team a scoring chance .	a:绝对的是 , 它给团队一个分配机会 。
the bridge ways that you form and that all of you know are made of this vitality .	你形成的桥梁 , 所以你知道的所有你都是这样的活力 。
we have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the sweater .	我们都有两个裙子和裤子 , 看起来很好 。
because people always sit in the closestools in washrooms .	因为人们总是坐在洗室里 。
on the two ends are designs of a blue dragon and a white tiger .	两端是蓝龙和白虎设计的设计 。
mining for malware there's gold in them thar proxy logs !	为了malware在它们的地球xy日志中有金金 !
lao k: sorry , second young master . can i say a word ?	罗克:抱歉 , 第二个老师 , 我能说一句话吗 ?
i like norma because she's genuine person and never puts on side .	我喜欢诺马 , 因为她是个人 , 永远没有放在旁边 。
what if last night god destroyed my soul and put in a new soul ?	如果昨晚上帝摧毁了我的灵魂 , 放在一个新的灵魂里吗 ?
the development of dark tourism from edge to typical in practice .	从边缘旅游的发展到了典型的实践 。
may we all embrace life with love and faith , happiness and compassion .	或许我们都能与爱情和信仰、幸福和竞争 。
thus another form of generosity is sharing the word of god .	因此 , 另一个形式是分享上帝的话 。
i buried my head under the quilts , but my aunt heard me .	我在安静下埋头 , 可是我听到我 。
mining and oil stocks moved lower , especially in london .	矿石和石油股市较低 , 尤其是在伦敦 。
the unique imaging findings have never been reported in literature .	独特的成像发现从来没有在文献中报道 。
the thirdgraders are having a traffic education lesson .	第三年级的教育课程都有一个交通教育课程 。
hell for some time , full of murderous look will become more angry .	有些时候 , 充满奇怪的看法会变得更加愤怒 。
you and i are particulars ; your favorite chair is a particular .	你和我是特别的 ; 你最喜欢的椅子是特别的 。
it's been a heartbreakingly tragic two months for coal .	这是一个心脏的两个月 , 是煤炭的两个月 。
seconds out . let's go . what do we do ? tell me what to do .	第二次 , 让我们去 。 我们怎么办 ? 告诉我怎么做 。
extract the contents of the festivalwin32 . zip file .	提取节点win32.zip文件的内容 。
the maid comes with god's blessing , and must be obeyed .	男孩们来到了上帝的祝福 , 必须得到 。
it cannot easily be palpated on physical examination .	在物理考试中 , 无法轻松地把它放在物理考试中 。
the economic outlook deteriorates significantly ; or	经济爆炸的决定显著是显著的 ;
the birds by aristophanes – (download pdf)	阿富汗的鸟类-----------------------------downloadpddf 。
click and drag from the start to endpoint that you wish to measure .	点击和拖车从开始结束 , 您希望测量 。
stir in basil . spoon curry over rice . serve .	在巴尔斯 。 西班牙在米里 , 服务 。
component gis software is the opposite of application software .	组件gis软件是应用软件的对象 。
but i think unless you marry it , inherit it or work really hard for it ,	但是我认为 , 除非你结婚 , 除非你还是真的努力 , 还是真的努力 。
and we've seen them before from the macroscopic point of view .	我们从宏观观观观点之前看到他们已经看到了他们 。
can the world really afford another risk of this magnitude ?	世界可以真正努力另一个宏观的风险 ?
results:in rau , there was large amount of inflame cells .	结果:在rau中 , 有大量的炎细胞 。
computer science: $56 , 400 / $97 , 400	计算机科学:$56 , 400美元/97 , 400美元 。
rubin claims the gizmo can even improve your sex life .	鲁宾宣称 , gizmo甚至可以改善你的性生活 。
is it possible fme to see the harbour in person today ?	今天 , 可以看到今天的哈伯堡 ?
airing is under ventilated place , drying machine is not allowed .	空气在通风地下 , 干燥机不允许 。
alex: no , i will take my 6yearold daughter with me .	阿里克:没有 , 我将带我6岁的女儿拿到我 。
at the last lap john held him , and then began to pick up on him .	最后 , 约翰举行了他 , 然后开始把他放在他身上 。
patsy divorced her husband and is now living alone .	帕特西从丈夫离开了她丈夫 , 现在还有一个人 。
procrastination is spending 30 mins looking for the right pen .	治疗是30分钟 , 寻找正确的pen 。
she doesn't end the mask stuck to comus' chair .	她不会结束邮件的事情 , 到了comus'椅子 。
did you know 65 percent of women have curly hair ? [1]	你知道 , 65%的女性已经出发了吗 ? [1]
volume control was provided by a mccormack micro line drive .	由mccmack微型线驱动提供的量子控制 。
it feels as if they are whipping my face with wire whips .	它感觉如果他们正在用宽带的whip带着我的脸 。
jia sixie is wellknown as a pioneer in farming .	嘉西是农场的一名叫做 " 农场 " 。
the short scaling time series have multifractal properties .	短期扫描时间系列具有多功能特性 。
i ordered the hairy crab , but you gave me the green crab .	我订了头发 , 但是你给我带来了绿色的蟹 。
they shot poisoned arrows from behind the thick bushes .	他们从厚的公共汽车后放射的箭头 。
story of cultural symbols of china's mentorship .	故事中国的崇拜的文化象征 。
continue pushing foward and success will eventually meet you .	继续推动前进 , 成功最终会满足你 。
you can turn any email address into a google account .	你可以转换任何电子邮件地址 。
cold shut is not acceptable on " a " surfaces .	冷切不可接受 " 一个 " 表面 。
haikou is the capit's city of hainan province .	海京是海南省海南省的城市 。
the current director is professor wang keqiang .	目前的董事长是王朝的教授 。
that attitude affects idiomatic patterns as well .	这种态度也影响了异构模式 。
it’s a great complement to rice dishes , soups and pasta .	这是一个很好的成功 , 汤和帕斯塔 。
a good painting is shown before people as each drawing is done to the point .	一个好的绘画之前 , 每个绘画都是做的 。
if you want to add foshan , then our bank said that you should have other swift .	如果你想添加foshan , 那么我们的银行说你应该有其他的瑞典 。
few of the men of the round table had much heart to dispel them .	几个圆桌子的男人有很多心 , 让他们放弃他们 。
you probably won't even risk injury or go hungry .	你可能不会甚至没有风险伤害或饥饿 。
as we all know , the character of internet is fictitious and doubleacting .	正如我们所知道的 , 互联网的特点是很明显的和双接 。
it looks at things like fashion , how people wear different clothes .	它看起来像时尚 , 人们如何穿着不同衣服 。
handy to use and you may enjoy your flower tea anywhere !	用手 , 你可以享受你花茶的任何地方 !
vacuum sweeper with robust petrol engine for outdoor use .	汽车用大型石油发动机用于室外使用 。
when it is cloudy , i am cold , impuissant and sad .	当云云时 , 我是寒冷的 , 感情和悲伤 。
i would be grumpy and cause those around me to be unhappy .	我会被鼓励 , 因为我很快乐 。
you called it a script kiddy language , remember ?	你把它称为一个脚本的孩子语言 , 记住吗 ?
they then created a simple mathematical model of what's going on .	然后他们创建了一个简单的数学模型 。
the first and each subsequent bezier spline requires only three points .	第一和每个子次的ziersp线只需三分 。
where myth clashes with myth , it is however a very real clash .	然而 , 神秘的地方 , 这是一个真正的声音 。
the second place we visited was monaco ville with the palace .	第二个地方 , 我们访问了莫纳科村 。
this button hook makes dressing with one hand easier and quicker .	这个按钮用手很容易和快速 。
this time it was those in the businessjet industry who cringed .	这个时候 , 这是那些在商业的工业业行业里的人 。
then change your default gateway and hit the enter key twice .	然后改变您的默认网路 , 并将输入关键二次 。
finally , this paper discusses the procedures and applications of jmi .	最后 , 本文讨论了jmis的过程和应用 。
shoichiro toyoda says he doesn't recall the meeting .	波斯蒂罗·托伊达说 , 他不会回到会议 。
we were completely amazed at the wonder and the greatness of nature .	我们完全被称为 " 木材 " 和自然的伟大自然 。
there is no such thing as nothingness , and zero does not exist .	没有这样的事情 , 零不存在 。
the amish people are living peacefully in our midst , slow development .	岛屿人民在我们中期 , 慢慢发展 。
the canvas pane is where all the viewer portlets are placed .	卡瓦斯pane是所有观众端口的地方 。
antoni gaudi , from spain , main object of the thesis .	安东伽迪 , 从西班牙 , 主要对象 。
the receptionist asks , “have you ever seen a doctor ?	受访者问: " 你从来没有看到医生吗 ?
finally a vanity tool that doesnâ€tmt despise you !	最后 , 最后一个很多的工具 , 尽管你 !
you have your work , your entertainment and your firends . i have only you .	你有你的工作 , 你的娱乐和你的火灾 。 我只有你 。
every day there are seven lessons . this is my timetable for monday .	每天有七个课程 , 这是我周一的时间 。
you are the ones on earth who open the gate to the light .	你是地球上的一个人在地球上打开门口 。
we have the example of the banking system and the car industry .	我们拥有银行系统和汽车行业的例子 。
the glass hit the corner of the table and broke on impact .	玻璃把桌子的角落放在冲击上 。
the late arrived of the ship had messed up all our plans .	晚些时候 , 船舶已经消失了所有的计划 。
a lot of asexual people do want relationships and children .	很多人想关系和孩子们的关系 。
smetimes a beetle lost its way in the passages .	mememememetimemememememes一个beetle丢失了传递的路径 。
however , where you can eat authentic donkey to fire it ?	然而 , 你可以在哪里吃到真实的驴来防御它吗 ?
he was in a tiny capsule called friendship 7 .	他在一个叫做友谊7 。
you know , do these things that i have no future , you know , in .	你知道 , 我没有未来的事情 , 你知道 。
anti corruption is a big issue of practice and theory .	抗腐败是实践和理论的一个重要问题 。
for the first time , i felt like i was running into the wilderness .	第一次 , 我感到像我跑进了野生 。
the university boasts a team of welltrained teachers .	大学博士是一支很好的教师 。
but a strong volcker rule just might take the cake away .	但是 , 一个强烈的火箭规则只是把蛋糕放出来 。
the renderer determines the quality of your final render .	发送器决定您最终渲染器的质量 。
wildflowers of different colors brighten the rocky land .	不同颜色的野花 , 显示了岩石地 。
project only for those , who have suomi as mother language .	这个项目只是为了那些 , 作为母亲语言的项目 。
what you need is an xml version of the directory listing .	您需要的xml版本是目录清单的xml版本 。
adam and eve conversed with god in the garden of eden .	阿德姆和埃夫在爱德华的花园里与上帝交谈 。
pingping's mother is one of the district nurses .	普京的母亲是一个区域护士之一 。
she expertly slid the hypodermic needle into my vein .	她专家滑动了水文需求 , 进入我的心中 。
please amend your copy of the contract accordingly .	请按照合同的复制 。
eg . he says his friend is confident in turning the table .	他说他的朋友在转换桌子里有信心 。
she implored piteously a voice choked with sobs .	她用sobs打开了声音 。
you want to know how quickly is the other side going to get hot ?	你想知道如何快速地知道 , 另外一个方会得到热吗 ?
he shouted and rapped with his walking stick on the door .	他在门上拍了 , 随着他走走了一下 , 走在门上 。
the children build sandcastles on the beach .	孩子们在海滩上建造沙尘 。
it's the final gasp of the burst housing bubble .	这是最后一次最后一次的房子泡沫 。
and if it sounds good , ask if there’s any way i can see their results .	如果听起来很好 , 问如果我能看到他们的结果 。
in starcraft , some units had instant attack animations .	在星期间 , 有些单位在攻击动物 。
this new painkiller doe 't take long to act on the pain ?	这个新疼痛的手段不长时间在疼痛上行动 ?
could we pretend that this is a normal first date between two normal people ?	我们可以预计这是两个正常人之间的正常的第一个日期 ?
i later found out the world is full of victors , of people saying no .	我后来发现世界都是全世界的胜利者 , 人们说不到 。
once those are finished you can use your res . to make garages .	一旦这些都完成了你可以使用你的休息 , 让垃圾 。
still , there were young men willing to ride for the pony express .	然而 , 年轻人愿意为诗歌表达而冒险 。
it shows all infos from the header and dumps records...	它显示了所有的内容和数据记录中所有的内容 。
they can tell us a lot about the history of trading on sea .	他们可以告诉我们很多关于海上传统的历史 。
in part 1 , you learned how to create an obex server application .	第一部分 , 您学习如何创建一个exex服务器应用程序 。
on the whole it's a good plan and we shouldn't nitpick .	在整个上 , 这是一个好的计划 , 我们不应该打击 。
separate the essence of the test from the implementation details .	从实现细节中分离测试的本质 。
you didn't realize how much part of your life it was going to become .	你没有意识到你生活中的多少部分 , 就会成为 。
place smaller sticks crosswise to make a lattice effect .	放置更小的紧张 , 使一个潜在的效果 。
he mutilated the nun and stuffed into a closet .	他把那个隧道 , 把它放进一个闭幕上 。
geminis are often good at language , speaking and writing .	乔治斯经常在语言、讲话和写作方面很好 。
i paid for the beers so i call dibs on the last bottle .	我付了啤酒 , 所以我在最后的瓶子上打电话 。
and i can tell you at that point i wished i was back in canada .	我可以告诉你 , 我希望我在加拿大回来 。
you'll need to calculate how much time the assignment will take .	您将需要计算多少时间的配置将采取 。
a but not tomorrow night . . . when are you next free ?	明天晚上没有 。 当你下一次免费吗 ?
marylebone station was packed with homeward bound commuters .	马里·骨骨本站与家界界界界的电脑包装 。
do not leave when she is poor , ill , or unbeautiful .	当她是贫穷的时候 , 还是不美丽的时候 , 不要留下去 。
let us be determined not to collect grievances today .	让我们决定今天不要收集格局 。
conclusion:asqa had good reliability and construct validity .	结论:asqa具有良好的可靠性和建设有效性 。
study group and control group had isonitrogenous and isocaloric intake .	研究组和控制组对照组有异性和异性攻击 。
g1/2 " 2perpendicular entries with hung cover . "	g1/2 " 2个独立的特殊性与饥饿覆盖 " 。
with the development of science , computer increasingly popular .	随着科学的发展 , 计算机越来越受欢迎 。
you've got to hand it to the bottled water industry .	你已经把它处理到底水行业 。
with things as such , we‘ll have to let things slide .	就像这样的事情 , 我们必须让事情滑动 。
flyfish the spring creeks of paradise valley .	鱼鱼鱼鱼鱼鱼鱼的春天 。
franklin: i peeked at one letter , that's all .	弗兰克林:我在一封信中 , 这是所有的 。
peddling a handful can lead to a 15year sentence .	把握手可以导致一个15年的句子 。
little duck says: spring is a gentle and soft river .	小鸭说:春天是一个绿河 , 软河 。
tonight jobs cleared up the matter once and for all .	今天晚上工作清楚了事情 , 为了所有 。
please pass me that pile of semicircular tiles .	请把我传递给了半循环轮胎 。
men scoured the country looking for the lost child .	男人在寻找失去的孩子 。
guixi city shizhi compiling committee office ?	广西市hizhihit编译委员会吗 ?
whom the gods destroy , we number1 do mad .	谁是神的摧毁 , 我们数字1做马德 。
house: only an idiot gets between ahab and his whale .	房子:只有一个idiot在阿哈伯和他的鲸鱼之间 。
for me , personally , i can really see both sides to the coin .	对于我来说 , 我可以真的看到两边都能看到 。
“from many cotton plants , ” the man answered .	" 很多棉花 , " 男人回答道 。
or you can begin to " work " to make your sex life more exciting .	或者你可以开始 " 工作 " 让你的性生活更加激动 。
because of film editing , we couldn't see the whole show .	因为电影编辑 , 我们不能看到整个显示 。
how do children and teens experience depression ?	孩子们和青少年经验抑郁 ?
where is now monk xuanzang of the tang dynasty ?	如今 , 唐代的徐元人现在是哪里 ?
okay ? ! possibly . or you . okay .	好吗 ? 哦 ! 可能会 。 或者你 。
the otaku the media picks up on are usually this kind .	这些媒体在通常是这种类型的 。
wen wen practicing her backward crossover in dec 2010 .	2010年12月 , 温温文实践了她的背后交叉 。
what are the units here ? we write 12 . 011 .	这里的单位是什么 ? 我们写的12.0111 。
aim: to study the constituents of abrus mollis hance .	目的:探讨brusususmollishance的成分 。
antony goes for projects on a massive scale .	安东尼去了一个大规模的项目 。
and it deepens household and community poverty .	深入住宅和社区贫困 。
this aspect of luke's work has occasioned much discussion .	这个方面 , 卢克的作品已经引起了很多讨论 。
standards for drinking water have been improved continuously .	饮用水的标准在继续提高 。
'of course , ' ms . darling sneers .	" 太过了 , " 黑暗的sneser先生 。
i quickly put all the socks are washed over again .	我很快就把所有的袜子都洗了 。
chandler: blue blazer back . hehe wants it back .	查德勒:蓝色黑人回来 , 他想回来 。
no one questions china’s civilian control of the military .	没有一个问题 , 中国的民事控制军事 。
holyflag will be customized for the entire handling process .	霍利弗拉格将自定义为整个处理过程 。
the filial piety is the center of retirement throughout .	纤维管是整个退休中心 。
no04 , 5 . i don't know how to thank you for all your help .	诺04 , 5 , 我不知道如何感谢你所有的帮助 。
i have so much to do today . i am run off my feet .	我今天有太多的做 , 我正在跑下我的脚 。
the company did not say in the filing which banks loaned the money .	本公司并没有说 , 银行贷款贷款贷款金钱 。
after about half an hour , i realised i really needed to fart .	在半小时之后 , 我真正意识到我真正需要快乐 。
love is , and it can last , if we remember our differences .	爱是 , 如果我们记得我们的差异 。
leo: now , if you’ll just follow me to the lounge .	李奥:现在 , 如果你只是跟我到洛杉矶 。
this life , this love that you and i have been dreaming of , for so long .	这个生命 , 爱你 , 爱你 , 我一直在梦想 , 长久 。
the poor man at last was eased and hence lived happily .	最后 , 穷人很容易 , 因此生活快乐 。
the warning is based on the latest 5day weather forecasts .	警告基于最新的5天天气预测 。
ma kang is a good friend of mine , and a unique one .	马金是一个好朋友 , 一个独特的一个人 。
it is a basic emotion with a characteristic facial expression .	它是一个基本的情感 。
triumphing over death , and chance , and thee , o time .	死亡的死亡和机会 , 还有时间 。
a popup tip will tell you whether it is on or off .	一个popuptptp将告诉你是否是否是否是否是在或离开 。
these things could change if you learn how to manage your violence .	如果你学习如何管理你的暴力 。
huang zongzhi is one of the most famous legal historian .	黄志是最著名的法律史学家之一 。
he has been given a label " playboy " by his friends .	他曾经被他的朋友送给了一个标签 " 玩家 " 。
it's also unbelievable to me that he would ever end his life .	这也不可信我 , 他永远永远不能结束他的生命 。
each of us dipped a finger into the mixture and sucked it .	我们每个人都把手指放入混合物中 , 然后用它 。
the caribbean waters there are also perfect for scuba diving .	卡比南水还有很好的水 , 同时也有很好的 。
an airraid alarm sounded in the depths of night .	飞机警察听起来 , 夜里的死亡 。
they would like to after a long night can see by the morning glow !	他们愿意在一夜之后才能看到明天的荣耀 !
dougong was widely used in the spring and autumn period .	在春天和秋时期广泛使用 。
will judge hudson's decision be upheld on appeal ?	将判断胡德森的决定是否会在申请上举行 ?
i thought it would help . you're the best , you know that ?	我觉得这会帮助 , 你是最好的 , 你知道吗 ?
and why do we make it so hard to amend our constitution .	为什么我们为什么让我们很难找到我们的宪法 。
no one near seems to be thinking , or feeling , or working .	似乎没有人看起来是想 , 或者感觉 , 或者工作 。
afterwards , ao patient about aunt and monica a pile .	后来 , ao病人关于多数和莫尼亚一块猪 。
great minds think alike , but fools seldom differ .	伟大的思想认为阿利克 , 却有几个不同 。
many people with foot pain can get relief just by losing weight .	足部疼痛的许多人可以被损失重量损失 。
i will never draw like them . but they will never draw like me .	我永远不会像他们一样 , 但是他们永远不会像我一样 。
i could not control and make selfrepression on such rational basic .	我不能控制并使自己在这样的理性基本上表达到自我表达 。
he was just a person . he was avoiding eye contact .	他只是个人 , 避免眼睛接触 。
this group was laid out and arranged in accordance with buddhist cosmology .	据佛教学所说 , 这个团体最新出现并与佛教学相关的关系 。
determine the relationship qiang shen and qin day together very happy .	决定了青沈和秦天一起快乐的关系 。
runners who lost more than 3% of their weight during the run finished fastest .	运行者在最快的运行过程中丧失了3%的重量 。
the weekold peace talks there between the two sides were near collapse .	周末和平谈到两侧之间 , 两侧之间的平均在崩溃 。
there was a relationship between the conductance activation energy and detergency .	产生活动能量与产生能量之间存在着一个关系 。
our brains are roughly 25 percent larger than those of the late homo erectus .	我们大脑的大脑比晚期主导者的那些更大的25% 。
they stood on the top of the mountain , watching the sun rising in the east .	他们站在山顶上 , 看着太阳在东方 。
yueliangshan fault is the east segment of haiyuan fault zone .	杨林山断裂是海南断裂区东部 。
we'll be reading his essay on suicide . hume died , had an illness .	我们将在自杀上阅读他的saysay.hme死亡 , 死亡 。
there is only one practicing spot here in liuyang . i have been there for only three times .	这里只有一个实用的地点 , 我只有三次 。
in the center of town is a pair of 20footlong sheet metal shidas .	在城市中心 , 是20英尺的金属衬衫 。
together with the avalokitesvara figure in the middle , 33 in total .	同时 , 在中期33中间 , 33个中间 。
the little ship tried to escape when the big pirate ship bore down on it .	小船试图在大型海船上飞行 。
he was standing almost broadside , his great head up and turned toward them .	他几乎站在一边 , 他的头上 , 转向他们 。
but i think it will be wiser of lee to put your best side outward , ' she added .	但是我觉得它会更聪明 , 让你的最好的侧面 , " 她补充道 。
a loving husband who treats me like a queen yet everyday i remember .	每天我都记得 , 我每天都记得 , 一个爱人丈夫 。
their metabolism and the mechanism of antifatigue are elaborated in this paper .	本文研究了它们的代谢和抗化学的机制 。
little birds and pigs now come in the form of edible cake toppers .	小鸟和猪现在来到了可爱的蛋糕供应商形式 。
obtain the essential feature that is larcenous behavior secretly .	得到了具有良好的行为特征 。
you know that the function of a protein is intimately related to its structure .	你知道 , 蛋白的功能与其结构相关 。
18they divide my garments among them and cast lots for my clothing .	18年 , 除了他们之间的衣服 , 让我很多衣服 。
it is nto the same thing to have a bare field in january and in juluy .	同样的事情在一月和六月 , 都是同样的事情 。
steering gear is the most important component of the automotive veering system .	稳定齿轮是自动调节系统最重要的组成部分 。
sitting comfortably at number three is bagan temple and pagodas .	坐在数字三是巴根寺和帕戈达斯 。
it is characterized by containing concave and convex rod stone powder in said paste .	经过 , 包含了圆形和混合玫瑰石粉的特征 。
currently sharp does not make compressors , a key air conditioner component .	目前鲨鱼并没有制造压缩器 , 一个关键的空调条件组件 。
to provide monitoring , inspection and technical guidance for food hygiene ;	为了提供监控、检查和技术指导 ;
around tenthirty that night , they ended up back in madeleine’s dorm room .	周三晚上 , 他们在马丁琳的胳膊房间中结束了十三分之一 。
the actual rate discount would have to be applied in the credit card management system .	实际的比率辩证必须在信用卡管理系统中应用 。
he is not only the pride of the people in hainan , but also the pride of people all over the world .	他不仅是海南人民的价格 , 还是世界上所有人民的价格 。
main components: a variety of aromatic ketones and aromatic esters .	主要组件:各种异性骨和异性树脂 。
this article has a brief review on holocene climate changes in mongolia .	本文介绍了蒙古气候变化的简要评论 。
in the scene turns the large flame often gushes out to the window outside .	在屏幕中 , 大火经常把窗外放到窗外 。
to handle an invalid contract must abide by the principle of restitution .	为了处理一个有效的合同必须由重新原则的原则 。
optimistic , tigers always bounce back for new and fresh challenges .	最优的是 , 老虎总是在新鲜挑战的背景下 。
many of the people of darwin escaped by hiding in cellars that night .	许多黑白素的人们都被藏在夜间的细胞中 。
i'm not doubting for a moment the sincerity of the couple's distress .	我并不怀疑一个时候 , 夫妇的沮丧的感觉 。
the first section of this article ponders the corporation in the point of view of right and power .	本文第一部分论文第一部分 , 在权力和权力的角度 。
we did talk about changing it , but feared it would only be perceived as a nerf .	我们谈论改变这一点 , 但是担心只是作为一个神经 。
your parents tell you to boil herbs and stay inside when you get sick .	你的父母告诉你 , 当你得到sick时 , 你的父母告诉你把她们放在她们身边 。
the club only has an 18hole green fee and caddie fee at weekends .	俱乐部只有18英里的绿色费和卡迪费 。
virtually every new company complains about the difficulty of raising seed capital .	每个新公司都抱怨提高资本困难的困难 。
i desire no further advice from you , ' answered mr linton .	我没有进一步建议 , " 回答林顿先生 。
i have a stomachache . i think i got some bad food at lunch today .	我有一个胃痛 , 我觉得我今天在午餐上吃了一些坏食物 。
good moring , mr . smith . i am sunfang coming for an interview .	史密斯先生 , 我是太阳来访谈 。
half a shovelful has fallen off . ) evil's mask of innocence .	半个飞行已经下跌了 。 伊利的邪恶的磁盘 。
mt . 10:23 and when they persecute you in this city , flee into another .	先生10:23 , 当他们在这个城市 , 飞到另一个地方 。
let's look at the curriculum for the robotics engineering program at wpi .	让我们看看wpi的机器人工程程程程程程序 。
i think it was you i sent , " he added , addressing the staffofficer . "	我认为这是你送来的 , " 他补充道 , 表达了这个工作人员 。 "
i thenrealizedi had no right to place myself abovehimjust because he was busking .	然后 , 我还没有权利化自己的地方 , 因为他忙着 。
the train was full of proles , in holiday mood because of the summery weather .	训练完全是由于夏天的气候而成的 。
he spent over ten thousand us dollars to buy a table filled with holes .	他花了十万美元 , 用洞买一张桌子 。
diluted earnings per american depositary share came to $1 . 26 .	每个美国债券股价每股跌1.26美元 。
" some were thrilled that caesar had died , and some were horrified , " he said .	他说: " 有些人已经死了 , 还有些人被吓了 , " 他说 。
between history and the eternal i have chosen history because i like certainties .	在历史和历史之间 , 我选择了历史 , 因为我喜欢某些历史 。
the discovery also reveals how male squid compete for female mating partners .	发现还揭示了男性快速竞争对女性制造伙伴的比赛 。
improved management of the cadre and personnel files of the rules and regulations .	改进了cre和个人字母文件的管理 。
red narrating: you could argue he'd done it to carry favor with the guards .	红色的叙述:你可以认为他做得很好 。
it's so nice to have you today . please come and see me again sometime .	今天你们都很好 , 请再来看我 。
thousands of militants traded in guns for stipends and training .	数千名军事们在枪手和训练中传播 。
roundtrip economy class air ticket for hong kong and gold coast on sq . .	在香港和黄金海岸的地下 , 环境经济类型的空气票 。
above , an artist's conception of the space launch system blasting off .	上面 , 一个艺术家的概念是空间发射系统的概念 。
the idc has a more uniform work function distribution than an oxide cathode .	idc具有比氧化催化剂的统一的工作功能分布 。
many of jones' old friends join his team , along with some new ones .	许多琼斯的老朋友加入他的团队 , 随着一些新人 。
artists using this method of mixing colours to draw are called " pointillism " .	使用这种混合颜色的艺术家使用这种方法来绘制 " 幻想 " 。
because i really want to understand what it is like for a son and a father to relate each other .	因为我真的想明白这就像儿子和父亲相关 。
scientists are conducting sampling to understand the threats from water pollution .	科学家们正在试图理解水污染的威胁 。
just permit the dime that she so shrinks in the carriage , allow her to so wail .	只是允许她这样的尺寸 , 让她在车里滑雪 , 让她太薄了 。
the effects of sedation may make you forget what you were instructed after the procedure .	编辑的效果可能使你忘记在过程中被指定的事情 。
he chuckled slightly and blushed . " yeah , that was my girl . "	是的 , 他轻轻轻轻轻地抓住了 。 " 是的 , 我是我的女孩 。
cut the fish fillet in chunks , marinate it with some salt and pepper .	把鱼填充在厨房里 , 用盐和宠物结合它 。
our company is specialized in the production of pet collar , traction with the enterprise .	我公司是专业生产宠物核心的生产 , 与企业的交通 。
after years of ross mooning over rachel , she finally found out that he was in love with her .	几年之后 , 她最终发现他爱她 。
to spirit , getting is meaningless and giving is all . t5 . i . 1 . 7	为了精神 , 获得无意义 , 给予全部 。 t5.7 。
and " change " refers to unleashing staff potential through deepening reform .	而 " 改变 " 则指通过深化改革 , 改变 " 的 " 改变 " 指出 , 通过深度的改革来解决人工潜力 。
when someone drives a perfect car in an improper manner , no one blames the car...	当有人驾驶一辆完美的车时 , 没有人打破汽车...
the user can also select another language and read content in that language .	用户还可以选择另一个语言和阅读内容 。
if you’re a fan of the bubbly , you could try seltzer water instead .	如果你是一扇泡沫的扇子 , 你就可以试图让水相反 。
therefore hear now this , thou afflicted , and drunken , but not with wine	因此 , 所以听到现在 , 尽管冲洗 , 醉醉 , 但没有喝酒 。
abundant kidneyyang warms and promotes all the viscera and organs .	丰富的肾阳温暖和促进所有的vicesra和组织 。
there are many methods to solve the one kind of ion reactions for the problem of groundwater .	有许多方法解决地下水的一个离子反应问题 。
lather enhancer advantage in shampoos , soap , and facial wash .	激光增强剂的优势 , soap和facialh 。
the best physicians are dr . diet , dr quiet and dr . merryman .	最好的物理学家是医生 , 安静和默里曼博士 。
the longterm bull market trendline drawn from 2001 has remained intact .	长期的bull市场趋势从2001年开始 , 仍然是接触的 。
meattextured fish protein concentrate is a new product developed in 1980's .	肉类捕鱼蛋白集中是1980年开发的一种新产品 。
hook the small prawn from tail to head for fishing prawns and small fish .	把小鱼从尾巴拿到头部 , 用鱼和小鱼 。
she waited for narcissus to speak first , and prepared her answer .	她等着纳西斯的第一次讲话 , 准备她答案 。
if i didn't study , i would buy a baby rabbit like mr . wu .	如果我没有学习 , 我会买一个孩子像吴先生这样的婴儿兔子 。
a group of people starts a business and they say , let's divide up the proceeds .	一群人开始了一个业务 , 他们说 , 让我们分开这个项目 。
otherwise , you're wasting a bit , so to speak , unnecessarily .	另外 , 你正在说话 , 没有说话 。
relationalism is the essence of practical materialism and piagets theory .	关系主义是实际材料主义和管道理论的本质 。
antiaustralia graffiti is sprinkled around the capital , dili .	反澳大利亚·格菲菲蒂在首都 , 迪利亚 。
lounge patrons desperately wanted to imbibe the essence of all this .	洛杉矶巡逻员绝对希望将所有的本质移除 。
modern cpus contain a subsystem known as the memory management unit .	现代cpus包含一个子系统名为记忆管理单元 。
police said sunday that the death toll in the shooting rose to 86 .	警方表示 , 周日 , 死亡在86年到86年 。
the invention discloses a microbial inoculum and a preparation method thereof .	本发明讨论了微生物蛋白和制备方法 。
youth , in particular , are seen as beacons of innovation and creativity .	尤其是青少年 , 尤其是作为创新和创造力的背景 。
she also advises against anything with the words " antiaging . "	她还建议对任何话 " 反抗 " 的事情 。
the editorinchief blue penciled the article written by his reporter .	编辑首席蓝色的文章是记者写的文章 。
to date , there have been 63 , 595 sales through the torontomls system this year .	为了日期 , 今年已经有63 , 595个销售 。
i made a statement on our website that freddie is and will be part of our squad .	我在我们的网站上发表了一个声明 , 并将是我们的广场的一部分 。
everyone else tweaking their sites for their own use can do anything they want and will !	每个人都会对自己的用户做任何事情 , 都可以做到任何事情 !
later in the season , despite good planning , product starts to run out unevenly .	然后在赛季 , 尽管好规划 , 产品开始运行 。
time for striver is kind of treasure , for lazy person , is a kind of burden .	时候 , 严格是一种宝贵的宝贵 , 因为懒惰的人 , 是一种粗糙的 。
our silks are known for good quality . they are one of our traditional exports .	我们的丝绸是很好的品质 , 它们是我们传统的出口之一 。
if you build your team from start , you will have much easyer time in the future .	如果你开始的团队 , 你将会很容易在未来的时间中建立你的团队 。
but even so , the two sister still can not help but think she is the advantage of their home .	但即使是这样 , 两姐妹仍然不能帮助 , 但想她是他们家的优势 。
figure 1 shows a screen capture of the application , a bar graph of yearly results .	图1显示了应用程序应用程序的屏幕图 , 一个年度结果的bar图 。
my mouth was wide open when i entered the cup room in via turati .	我的嘴巴很广 , 当我进入了拉蒂的杯子房间 。
imagine another 250 million people urbanising china over the next 20 years .	想象另外一个250万人城市化中国在未来20年里 。
you can hover over vertical arrows to get details on the locks being held .	你可以用垂直的箭头来获得锁子的细节 。
these landforms were dubbed tiankeng , or " naturally formed pits " .	这些地形被埋在天津 , 或者 " 自然形成 " 。
if the ball arrives one second beforehand , will you yield it to the wind ?	如果球到了第二手之前 , 你会把它送到风里吗 ?
button shaped beads pendant , earing , a meson , welcome to order !	按钮分享的珠子 , 耳朵 , 一个儿子 , 欢迎订单 !
as to what and how to release , the authorities will comply with relevant laws .	正如何释放 , 当局将与相关的法律组成 。
journalist: mr lin , do you think this is a very nice chance for bening ?	记者:林先生 , 你认为这是一个很好的机会 ?
twiggy was a little of both boy and girl , a mirror of her time .	twiggy是个小孩和女孩的小孩 , 她的镜子的镜子 。
if the market goes his way , he waits to be proven even more right bigger is better .	如果市场走了路 , 他等待更多的权利更好 。
after a moment’s hesitation , tweener reaches out and takes the burger .	经过一段时间的健康之后 , 韦森纳纳达到了 , 拿着烧手 。
the world in general , and even more your briny world , accepts flogging .	一般来说 , 世界上 , 甚至越来越多的大脑世界 , 接受了登录 。
stack two 1 . 4x is better than one 2x in terms of picture quality .	标记2.4x比图像质量的一个2x更好 。
listen to the tape and find out the main idea of this article and how it is organized .	听这篇文章的主要概念 , 并发现了该文的主要概念 , 如何组织 。
1923 insulin first became generally available for use by diabetics .	1923年的胰岛素首先成为使用糖尿病的使用 。
of course , not all longstanding restaurants are celebrity haunts .	当然 , 没有所有长期的餐馆都是庆祝的 。
effect analysis: day heart to have the devil body , brandied denied .	效果分析:每天心脏有死亡的身体 , 分支 。
the bride was delighted , kissed him , and loved him with all of her heart .	新娘很高兴 , 吻了他 , 爱他所有的心 。
you will be able to swap hotbar configurations at the same time you swap specs .	您将能够在同时开关热门配置 。
there are many drove past some rubber estate around in kuala lumpur .	过去有许多驱动的车辆 , 过去几个橡胶地产 。
vanda miss joaquim is the national flower of singapore .	梵nda导弹约翰是新加坡国家花的国家花 。
objective to establish quality standard for compound zhuanggu capsule .	目的建立复合张gu胶囊的质量标准 。
investigation and study of medicinal plants over yao wang mountain .	研究和研究了杨山医药植物的研究和研究 。
however , this defeats the strong typing of the anonymous type .	然而 , 这个缺陷了匿名类型的强大类型 。
sun yuwen was an important figure of late qing dynasty .	阳光是晚清时期的重要图片 。
the coming of automation is bound tohave important social consequences .	自动化的来源是自动化的重要社会成果 。
this was the realisation that many children here can’t afford to go school .	这是很多孩子们的实现 , 很多孩子们不能去学校 。
it's proving very difficult to peg him down to a definite date for completion .	很难把他带到一个完成的日期 。
a lot of the issues we do within epa , or technically , is in nature .	很多我们在epa中做的问题 , 或技术上 , 是在自然上 。
the man was an undercover deputy from iredell county sheriff's office .	这个男子是一个从伊雷德尔郡赫里夫的办公室里夫的地下部署 。
mc: would you please update us about shinhwa members' activities .	麦克:您将请更新我们关于shinhwa成员的活动 。
we are not told why jesus made some mud and placed it over the man's eyes .	我们不告诉耶稣为什么把它放在人眼里 。
the captain brought the men to attention as the general arrived .	船长带来了男人注意到一般来 。
your father takes on too much . he forgets he's not growing any younger .	你的父亲在太多了 , 他忘记他的年轻人不会生长 。
you need to have an existing project loaded into the integrated development environment .	你需要有一个现有的项目负载到整合开发环境 。
and , during feiler's battle with cancer , they would fight alongside him .	然而 , 在费尔的战斗中 , 他们会沿着他身边战斗 。
henceforth it will be more difficult to avoid customs examination .	因此 , 因此 , 要避免自定义考试 。
american liquor companies are finding inspiration in the financial crisis .	美国利物浦公司在金融危机中发现了激励 。
it is of reference value to control the pollution of the regional environment .	它是控制区域环境污染的参考价值 。
keep track of how much you'll need to pay for insurance and office supplies .	为保险和办公供应提供多少钱 。
concise , after receipt of the g frequently reply in turn good mood .	结果表明 , 经过gf频繁的接收后 , 通常在变得良好的情绪中表现出来 。
unclaimed bodies of the victims , such as rehabilitation work is under way .	无声称受害者的身体 , 如重复工作 。
karen: i read about that in a trade mag . it's a new technology .	卡伦:我在贸易mag中读到这项新技术 。
this is the third in the discussion of the stars that make up the summer triangle .	这是第三个星系的讨论 , 这是夏季三角的讨论 。
in play garden , his since actor , it is miscellaneous labour ;	他自从演员 , 是错误的劳动 ;
using this factory , the following data types used for the service definition were designed .	采用此工厂 , 设计了服务定义的数据类型 。
the beaver dammed the stream with mud , branches and leaves .	海滩受到泥泥、枝和叶子的损害 。
let's get some more coffee first . i'd like a sandwich , too .	首先让我们得到一些咖啡 。 我喜欢一只沙威克 , 还有 。
i don't want to suggest that sabrina's work is purely erotic here .	我不想建议 , 萨伯纳的工作是纯粹的环境 。
i call this italy's “straits of messina phenomenon .	我称这是意大利的 " 代谢现象 " 。
read the directions and directly you will be directed in the right direction .	读取方向 , 直接你将直接直接直接直接在右方向 。
but when the policyholder is mortgages people , the situation should be different .	但是当政策层的时候 , 应该是不同的情况 。
this helps the doctor estimate how long you have been pregnant and your due date .	这帮助医生估计如何预先预先和你的日期 。
this ' honing ' is necessary in my opinion because of some reasons .	这是因为某些原因 , 我的意见是必要的 。
when deciding whether or not to refinance , there are many factors to con sider .	当决定什么时候 , 还是没有金融 , 还有很多因素 。
we have seven children in my family . all sisters , excepting me .	我们在家里有七个孩子 , 所有姐妹 , 除了我 。
it offers the theoretical foundation for the use of this endosperm specific promoter .	为此 , 它提供了理论基础 。
when the weather warms up , ice cream shops have lines out their doors .	当天气温暖的时候 , 冰淇淋店已经走出他们的门 。
in his art world , also an impressive spring waters and autumn hills scene .	在他的艺术世界里 , 还有一个印象的泉水和秋山景 。
and he has discovered many such grassroots experts on douban . com .	他发现了许多草地专家在双方 。 com上发现了许多草地 。
i made whales , fish , and birds of every size , shape and colour .	我制造了鲸鱼 , 鱼和鸟类的大小 , 形状和颜色 。
if two people are meant to be together , eventually they ' ll find their wat back .	如果两个人意味着一起 , 最终他们会发现他们的表回来 。
our evaluation: the parallel web provides no data locality whatsoever .	我们的评估:parallelweb提供了任何数据的局部性 。
these restaurant recommendations can be viewed by other friends of yours .	这些餐馆建议可以被其他朋友看到 。
i’m trying to remove as many impediments to that as possible .	我试图去除许多实施的实施 。
that he had fed live kittens to sharks . ( " no kittens . "	这是他曾经过过过过过的鱼 , 去鲨鱼 。
shield and heraldic mail with surcoat show your custom banner .	用冷却的邮件显示您的自定义班纳和遗传邮件 。
some believe there are concerns among the central government as well .	一些人相信 , 中央政府和中央政府有关 。
and she passed a crime scene where somebody was shot on the street .	她走过一场犯罪场景 , 有些人在街上拍摄 。
the east end of the chapel projects farther eastwards than the great gate .	第一结束的东端 , 比大门的东部项目更快 。
all others who found—and opened bottles—would be put to death .	所有的其他人都发现 , 开瓶子都会被放弃死亡 。
in version 6 . 0 , many additional enhancements have been introduced .	在版本6.0中 , 许多额外的增强已经引入 。
pilate therefore , willing to release jesus , spake again to them .	因此 , 愿意释放耶稣 , 再次向他们发送 。
this product has the functions of antifatigue and adjusting immune .	本产品具有抗肿瘤和调整免疫功能 。
firstly , i needed to register domain name with a registrant . for e . g .	首先 , 我首先需要重新注册域名 。
the cast iron rod bushing provides maximum load bearing support .	铸铁轧制为最大载荷轴承提供了支持 。
flower town: yunnan known as " kingdom of plants " .	花城:云南称为 " 植物 " 的王国 。
here's a frontispiece with rosenberg in a military coat .	在这里 , 这里是一个军事涂上罗森伯格的前苏格 。
love the team , love the whole team , believe and trust , 4ever .	爱这个团队 , 爱整个团队 , 相信和信任 。
the machine is with accessories and suitable for the binging of insole .	机器是配件 , 适用于插入的翅膀 。
he then changed into overalls and spent the next eight hours as a dustman .	然后他变成整个小时 , 将下一个八个小时作为尘埃人 。
i gave away a block of cheddar cheese with crumbled bacon in it .	我离开了一块切尔德的胸部 , 带着大量的袋子 。
we came in third . that was because ivor caught a crab right at the start .	我们来到三分之一 , 这是因为ivor在第三开始了一条破坏的权利 。
the beekeepers did not find dead adult bees as they often do after winter .	啤酒保持者没有找到死亡的成年蜂蜜 , 因为他们经常在冬季做了 。
stiga has now managed to combine speed and touch in the same blade .	现在 , 斯塔现在已经经理与同样的膀胱相同的速度和触摸 。
you may override this behavior with the n , or maxargs , parameter .	您可能将这个行为与n、或maxarg、参数相关 。
no , you may keep him out the whole night for me , '' i answered .	没 , 你可能让他保持整个夜晚 , " 我回答道 。
at the same time , their sensitivity to the absurd is sharper than ever .	同时 , 他们的敏感度比永远更高 。
all good chinese writers who to my mind are worth anything have repudiated it .	所有的中国作家都是否值得任何东西 。
for whom , for whom , who has waited for eternity in a thousand years ?	对于谁来说 , 对于谁来说 , 谁在一千年里等待了永远 ?
however , the injunction means it will miss out on the opportunity .	然而 , 注射意味着它会错过机会 。
these were led by arthur's halfsister , morgan , who was a witch .	这些是由阿瑟夫的半姐妹 , 摩根 , 摩根 , 他是一个妻子 。
under kelly , westpac merged with st . george's in 2008 .	2008年 , 西方人在凯利 , 与乔治的乔治一起合作 。
i ' m calling you because the boy comes from your city , said dr . haydon .	我要告诉你 , 因为男孩来自你的城市 , 哈丹博士说 。
it was a gloomy picture , but even so we were glad to be back in formosa .	这是一张全球图片 , 但是即使我们很高兴地回来 。
though it would mean in reality we would probably look much different or not exist at all .	虽然这意味着实际上 , 我们可能会看到很多不同或不存在 。
the housing cost is concerned with the vital interests of the billions of people .	房屋成本与数十亿人民的暴力利益相关 。
nominations and eight marriages , has died in los angeles at age 79 .	提名和八个婚姻 , 死于79岁 。
wild campaign charges were made against both polk and clay .	沃尔克和克莱克的野生竞争对手 , 反对了野生竞争的挑战 。
and these were different from the areas activated during the initial learning of the sequence .	在序列初始学习中 , 这些地方不同于地区的初始学习 。
a large press , inlaid with agate and lapislazuli , filled one .	一个大型的压力 , 用协议和拉伯拉斯拉唑利 , 填充了一个 。
iron the fly area of the pants , then the seams and hem of the first leg .	铁子的飞行区 , 然后第一个腿部的海啸和海啸 。
objective:to observe the action of ningxue decrease piles suppository .	目的:观察新加坡的作用 , 降低桩供应堆的作用 。
breastfeeding pamphlets are available in our hospital to help you .	早餐喂养帕姆菲特在医院里可用来帮助你 。
in order to properly handle criticism , you also need to properly handle praise .	为了适当处理批评 , 您也需要适当的处理 。
horrible . unwilling to die ! can not be married , and divorce !	可怜 ! 除了死亡 ! 不能结婚 , 离婚 !
for it is just as when i feed myself – i don't expect to be rewarded .	只是当我喂养自己的时候 , 我不期待被授予 。
poor barry stopped a packet when his car was in collision with a lorry .	当他汽车的时候 , 贫穷的巴利停止了一块包包 。
when someone says , " i'm a speaker , " this is generally what they mean .	当有人说: " 我是一个讲话者 , " 这通常是他们意思的意思 。
saponification slagfly ash can be used in the high fill sections of highway .	可以在高速公路的高填充部分中应用 。
the discovery was made by nasa's planethunting telescope kepler .	这些发现由纳萨斯的飞机飞机飞机飞机的飞行器制成 。
his daily work is to riddle coal cinders to get out the larger pieces .	他的日常工作是为了获得更大的部分 。
an applied study of radioligand binding assay on some different receptors ;	针对某些不同接收器的辐射和绑定分析的应用研究 ;
it is far away in the country , but always with me , wherever i am .	远离国家 , 但是总是和我一起 , 我都是在那里 。
to him , all the farewell sentiments are something one has to endure in life .	对于他来说 , 所有的疲劳情绪都是一件事必须在生活中结束的事情 。
" this project was interesting for manyreasons , " says mr . rochon .	" 这项项目对许多原因有兴趣 , " 罗克逊先生说 。
in fact , the world of friendship there are jealous , that nothing less than love .	事实上 , 朋友的世界 , 没有比爱 。
the inmates burst out laughing: " where do you think you are , sweden ? "	格式大笑: " 你认为你是什么 , 瑞典 ? "
neil webb got injured and i got my chance to play for england .	尼尔网络受伤 , 我得到了我的机会 。
so i made some metal tips for my fingers and learned to play again .	所以我又为我的手指做了一些金属组织 , 学会再次玩 。
if you can keep your cool under stressful situations , she'll notice .	如果你可以保持冷却的情况下 , 她会注意到 。
with these sprigs just fly ahead of the other pocket bikes in the race .	随着这些语言只是在比赛中飞行其他的其他波动车 。
improving the water desalting efficient is also an important method to saving water .	提高水处理效率也是节约水的重要方法 。
jeremy's eyes widened as he looked down at the city lights .	当他看到城市灯光时 , 杰里的眼睛一直盯着 。
we left there at 5:00pm , and we were all very happy for this excursion .	我们离开这里5点 , 000m , 我们都很幸福 。
how you find " smart " people who know the technology and the business ?	你怎么发现 " 智能 " 的人知道技术和业务呢 ?
yes , i must thank you for organizing that . i found it most interesting .	是的 , 我必须感谢你为了组织 , 我发现最有趣的 。
the spring water is of dark green , deep and running all the year round .	春天水是黑绿 , 深深 , 全年运行 。
this means they will also have access to compulsory education for free .	这意味着他们也可以访问自由的教育 。
to recognize the disease , the review and report are as follows .	为了认识疾病 , 评论和报告是跟随的 。
jeanie is right . here inuit can hunt and shoottokill freely .	杰安妮是对的 , 这里就可以打猎和拍摄自由的 。
" i dance rather well for a cowboy , " he told her amusedly .	他说: " 我舞蹈很好 , " 他很快告诉她 。
meshing the research and marketing operations will be mr . furlaud's job .	现金研究和营销操作将是弗兰德先生的工作 。
homicides are also rare , which makes new zealand a safe place to live in .	医药还很少 , 这使新西兰一个安全的地方居住 。
at citigroup , revenue fell by $28 billion , or 34% .	在citroup上 , 收入下跌28亿美元 , 或34% 。
could your faith remain firm and immoveable through these challenging times ?	你的信仰仍然可以通过这些挑战时代来改变你的信心吗 ?
it is no good hen that crackles in your house and lay in another's .	没有好的亨利 , 在你的房子里 , 还有另一个人 。
mr . abas said the talk with powell was deep , severe and hopeful...	阿拉斯先生说 , 与波韦尔的谈话很深 , 严重和希望...
the codification of china's private law should model led on german one .	中国私人法的认可应该在德国一个人身上建模 。
as a writer , i make my life known and woven into the fabric of literature .	作为一名作家 , 我把我的生命和创造成文献的织物 。
before then , operating systems were handcoded in assembly and were not portable .	在此之前 , 运行系统被编码在组合之前 , 并不能运行 。
at least now , you will have something to show for it . it may even end up on youtube .	至少现在 , 你会有一些东西 , 甚至可以在你们身上结束 。
getting this one in the fairway is a must to avoid the canyon left .	在公公路上 , 必须避免大龙左边 。
the little mermaid is one of anderson's more moving fairytales .	小马马id是阿森更多的运动公平运动员之一 。
as soon as the baby cormorant breaks the eggs , it is watched by damin himself .	当孩子们早些时候 , 就像婴儿的腐败鸡蛋一样 , 看起来是受损害自己的 。
chinese translations shall be attached to the documents and forms done in foreign languages .	中国翻译应当被附加到文档和形式在外国语言中 。
navy blue is a trusted colour and gives us confidence , " lindsay said . "	李德萨说: " 海军蓝是一个信任的颜色 , 并给我们信心 。 "
except it's difficult to analyze the genes of the extinct mosasaurs .	除此之外 , 分析了延续mosasurursaurs的基因 。
therefore , collectivity design on the underwater ship hull cleaning robot is finished .	因此 , 完成了水下船舶清洁机器人的收集性设计 。
grasp planning is the most important subject of the masterslave dexterous hand grasping .	grasp规划是最重要的主层手工绘制的主要主体手工 。
using the latest technologies and procedures in manufacturing , officemanagement and design .	使用最新技术和工程在制造、办公管理和设计中使用最新技术和过程 。
returns the zerobased index of the item at the specified coordinates .	重新回到基于零的指数 , 指定的协调指定的项目的指数 。
he extended along to see an outside and started to grip a duck leg to bite all alone .	他沿着看到外面 , 开始把一只鸭腿放在一边 。
chanel's dedication to the apparel industry will never be forgotten by people of the world .	通道的预测将永远不会被世界人忘记 。
some discussions concerning the application and selected method of power line carrier equipment are also given .	介绍了一些关于电线载体设备的应用和选择方法 。
a soa is an enterprisescale it architecture for linking resources on demand .	soa是一个企业cale , 它在需求上连接资源 。
total firsttime enrolment of international graduate students rose 12 per cent this year .	今年 , 国际大学毕业生总数增长了12% 。
the soviet commitment to the destruction of capitalism is not purely ritualistic and proforma .	资本主义破坏的苏联委员会并非纯粹的理性和性能 。
the town of lunenburg just like tongli is also a world cultural heritage site .	月球城市只喜欢舌利 , 也是一个世界文化遗产地点 。
in this paper , a kind of new catalysts for olefins hydroformylation was studied .	本文研究了一种新型催化剂的催化剂 。
finally , the key issues for future development and solving strategies were discussed .	最后 , 讨论了未来发展和解决策略的关键问题 。
objective to study the protective effects of pts on focal cerebral ischemia in rats .	目的探讨ptttts对大鼠心肌缺血的保护作用 。
ftlauderdalesun — stark contrast to the violent and swift water of the beach .	淡云的星期五 , 与海洋的暴力和游泳水相比 。
tarpaulin , can be seen everywhere in china and is said not only very unique landscape .	塔帕林 , 可以在中国看到每个地方 , 说不仅是独特的景观 。
a deep change is coming and it aims to transform several life phellolosophelloes .	深度的变化 , 旨在转换几个生命哲学 。
during the summer months , mice will generally live outside and remain contended there .	在夏季 , 小鼠一般生活在外面 , 仍然在那里 。
the key to making a skidded parallel turn is the controlled sideslip .	关键是控制侧面的控制侧面 。
the next step is to instantiate the runtime wires that connect the components .	下一个步骤是将其连接组件的运行时线 。
one free draft beer for purchasing draft beer at lunch time in de bistro .	一个免费的驱动啤酒在午餐时间里购买漂亮的啤酒 。
the judge told the prisoner the jury had acquitted him of the charge of bigamy .	法官告诉 , 陪审官已经收到了他大规模的负责 。
the six u . s . schools have awarded more than 2 , 250 degrees here .	美国六所学校获得了超过2 , 250度的学校 。
these attacks must stop and so must the smuggling of weapons into gaza .	这些攻击必须停止 , 所以必须将武器放入加沙 。
i am very satisfied , from 2001 to the present the past few years amounted to more than live .	我非常满意 , 从2001年到了过去几年的时间 , 到了过去的生活 。
figure 4: mapping the various abd workflows across several projects	图4:映射各种abd工作流程 。
the medieval worlds in its everyday transactions , had never insisted upon ready money .	每天交易中期世界中 , 没有坚持准备金钱 。
you cannot abuse and torture people and expect to get results that are accurate and credible .	无法缓解和拒绝人们 , 预计准确和可信的结果 。
clark's sgmls is the most widelyused sgml parser in the world .	克拉克的sgmlsssgml是世界上最广泛的sgmlsssssgmlparser 。
" look , nanny , perfume , " eleanor holds up a bottle of cologne .	" 看 , 纳米 , 大量 , " 埃利勒举起一瓶煤炭的瓶子 。
have you ever tried to answer questions like these , either for yourself or for someone else ?	你曾经试图回答这些问题 , 还是为了自己或有人呢 ?
the catalog contains the latest releases of projects and their descriptions .	目录包含最新发布项目和其描述的最新版本 。
it sets out tax policy for the year . since 1997 there has also been a prebudget report .	自1997年以来 , 由于1997年也有一份预算报的税收政策 。
objective to establish the qualitative identification methods of ninxin capsules .	目的建立nxin胶囊的质量识别方法 。
objective: to set up the fast immune method in detecting ureaplasma urealyticum .	目的:建立快速免疫法在检测奥巴马尿管的检测中检测 。
he al ays makes full preparations for his classes and corrects our home ork carefully .	他曾经对他的课程做完全准备 , 并仔细地对我们的家庭或问道 。
lady gaga: for halloween i'm going to be...a little monster ! ! ! !	拉迪·加格:为了让我去北京......小怪怪 ! ! !
and the living creatures ran and returned as the appearance of a flash of lightning .	生活的生物运行并返回作为光明的出现 。
we caught up with a variety of lawyers and legal academics on the deal .	我们以各种法律学家和法律学术为主 。
when poissons ratio is zero , tile exact solution of displacement is obtained .	当波斯森森比较零时 , 得到了显示的显示解决方案 。
affects a maximum of 5 friendly targets and 5 enemy targets .	影响了5个朋友目标和5个敌人目标的最大目标 。
he apparently expected to see only lattesipping , scriptwriting spectators .	他显然希望看到只有晚期的编写谱 , 脚本编写谱 。
it's a smile , a rather dorky smile , but there's a smile .	这是一个微笑 , 另一只狗微笑 , 但是有一个微笑 。
minimizes penetration , which may help prevent burnthrough on thin materials .	最小的净化 , 可能有助于防止薄材料的烧伤 。
the state space equation of rigidflexible coupled isolation system is established .	建立了刚性耦合系统的状态空间方程 。
her louboutin ankle boots provide that highfashion edge she's become famous for .	她的路板安克林·安克莱博士提供了高时尚的边缘 , 她是著名的 。
high cortisol levels can affect sleep , weight and immune resistance .	高固醇水平可以影响睡眠、重量和免疫耐药 。
resultsincidence rate of psychological problems was 15 . 79% in the editors ;	结果心理问题的发生率为15.79% ;
our publication house plans to publish a series of modern versions of the classics .	我们的出版社计划发布一系列现代版本的现代版本 。
made out of chestnut wood , and all the blocks and cleats are made out of cherry wood .	把厨房里的木材制成 , 所有的块和清洁都是由切里木制成的 。
his artwork has been compiled into the series collected art work of jao tsungi .	他的艺术作品已经被编制成了杰森的艺术作品 。
if you run into crocodiles , just kick them with your boots . you want to catch me up ?	如果你跑到鳄鱼 , 只是用你的靴子打击他们 , 你想抓住我吗 ?
when you’re enjoying what you do , you’re more likely to do it well and to be successful .	当你喜欢你做的时候 , 你更有可能做得更好 , 成功 。
their insights were invaluable to me in putting the " how to " parts of these posts together .	他们的观点很有价值 , 把 " 如何 " 这些邮件的一部分 " 放在一起 。
this can be made a skip test to try to ping localhost if apache is in the process list .	如果apache是在过程列表中 , 这可以做出一个skip测试来实现当地主机的测试 。
tom: that is weird . if every comment was left at 2:08 , it must be a clue .	汤姆:这是我们的 , 如果每个评论都在2:08年左右 , 那么它必须是一个俱乐部 。
andrew feustel , an astronaut , got soap in his eye and started tearing up .	安德鲁·费斯特尔 , 一个宇航员 , 在他的眼睛里 , 开始泪水 。
experimentation proved that tdd digital handset is feasible in technology .	实验证明 , tdd数字手段是可行的 。
we will provide you some inquiry or reference about view , food , residence during the journey .	我们将为您提供一些查询或参考 , 食物 , 在记者期间 , 居民 。
enrico letta of the democratic party of the left said the violence must be deplored .	左边的民主党的专业信件说 , 暴力必须被删除 。
joe:well , it's a ...ok . let me teach you . one plus one equals two .	乔:我们 , 这是一个...........................我教你 。 另一个等于两个平方 。
this paper makes a further development on the basis of the study made by the traditional grammarians .	本文对传统格兰马斯学家的研究提出了进一步的发展 。
reference:help improve . . . . therefore , it is in the basic interestes of all chinese .	参考:help提高 。 因此 , 中国的基本利益都是中国的基本利益 。
this moment will nap , you will have a dream ; but this moment study , you will interpret a dream .	这个时刻 , 你会有梦想 ; 但是这时的研究 , 你会解释梦想 。
like i mentioned , you can also use " i want to " to ask if you may do something indirectly .	就像我提到的 , 你也可以使用 " 我想要 " 问 " 如果你可以直接做些东西 。
i did ask and the guy said he was neg and only ever played safe but hadnt been tested in over a year .	我问到 , 这个男孩说 , 只有从来没有玩到安全 , 但是在一年里已经被测试了 。
thee guy replies , " oh , that was his mother . she wanted him tobe a doctor . " "	这个男孩回答道: " 哦 , 那是他的母亲 , 她想他是一个医生 。 "
well it is a watch but it is a steampunk watch and that is what makes all the difference .	嗯 , 这是一个看法 , 但是它是一个步骤的手表 , 这是使所有的差异都是什么 。
butterflies , flying around della , said , " can you smell the spring in the air ?	爱特里弗里斯说: " 你能在空气中闻到春天吗 ?
i swear to god . i'll throw you out of this house and never look at you again !	我对上帝来说 , 我将把你扔出这家房子 , 再来看你 !
every time you touch your face , you're oepositing dirt and oil , which can clog pores .	每次你每次触摸你的脸 , 你都会对钻石和石油 , 可以登录池 。
the premium line will be designed by tara members , and include their writing and pictures .	初始线将由塔拉成员设计 , 并包括他们的写作和图片 。
if an amount is not stated in the appendix to tender this sub clause shall not apply .	如果一个数量不在申请申请申请申请申请 , 应该申请该申请 。
and ebay claims it does a better job of preventing fraud than other payment services .	而ebabay称 , 比其他付款服务更好的工作更好 。
correlation of different tnm stages in the overall correlation coefficient is0 . 569 .	不同的tnm阶段与整体相关系数是0.569 。
if you give up the right , anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law .	如果你放弃权利 , 你就说 , 你可以再次使用你在法律课程中 。
at the same time . the interference in the detection caused by the presence of m50 alkyl...	同时 , 在测试中 , 由m50天空的预测引起的相互作用 。
may you remain strong and continue praying for us , most honoured and reverent lord .	或许你仍然坚强 , 继续祷告我们 , 大多数荣誉耶和华 。
you can also design your own modules , so webmin can always be adapted to fit your needs .	您还可以设计自己的模块 , 所以webmin总是适合您的需要 。
the dialer makes out going phone calls on the pc with a usb phone or headset .	迪尔将电话叫做 " 美国电话或头部 " 的电话 " 。
we want to try to solve problems that have troubled our nations and our relationship for decades .	我们要试图解决我们的国家和我们的关系 。
there are many many ways round it , i think that at every occasion we need to look for the best fingering .	有许多途径 , 我认为每个偶尔都需要寻找最好的手指 。
finally , when she turned fortyfive years old , she found the courage to walk away .	最后 , 当她转过了十五岁的时候 , 她发现了勇气走去 。
there is nothing more damaging than not having a single question at the end of an interview .	没有什么比在采访结束结束结束的单一问题更加伤害 。
sundress in chiffon with adjustable shoulder straps and layered sweep .	用可调节肩膀和肩膀的状态 , 围绕着滑雪 。
in addition , bba could increase the expression of hsp60 at 12 h after sn lesion .	此外 , bba可以增加12h的hsp60的表达 。
merrie shook her head . “i don’t think they’ve figured out yet how to live . ”	默里拍了她头 , " 我不认为他们仍然是如何生活的 。 "
the second newly confirmed case was a 23yearold man from bogor , west java .	第二个新证实的案例是一名23岁的男子 , 西杰瓦 。
single flagship product with potential integrations to other aspects of the sccm suite	单个旗舰产品与潜在集成其他方面的scm套件的其他方面 。
i'm carl azuz , welcome to a new week of cnn student news .	我是卡尔·阿扎兹 , 欢迎一周新一周的cnn学生报道 。
last time john flow to hong kong he was so ill he had to use the airsickness bag .	上次约翰流到香港 , 因此 , 他必须使用空中病的袋子 。
when i got it out of the trash , it was covered in soggy , sticky garbage .	当我从垃圾里拿出来时 , 它被覆盖在蛋糕里 , 粘土垃圾里 。
listen to the reports , know the landscape , plug your ears , and go on ahead .	听到报道 , 知道你的耳朵 , 插入你的耳朵 , 上面 。
lest the lord see it , and it displease him , and he turn away his wrath from him .	让耶和华看到它 , 把他放弃了他 , 把他从他身上 。
plg and antibiotic group exhibited significantly lower scores than others .	plg和抗生素组显著降低其他科学 。
if they do something good , no matter how small , celebrate like they just landed on the moon !	如果他们做些好 , 没有什么事情 , 就像他们只是在月上一样的庆祝 !
idiographic type , each technical parameter , please call oremail !	图形类型 , 每个技术参数 , 请呼叫orormail !
there's someone who loves you far more than you know with a love that kee growing as days come and go .	有些人喜欢你远超过你所知道的爱情 , 就像日子一样 , 去了 。
globalisation is a catchall to describe increased international trade .	全球化是描述国际贸易的猫猫 。
use the " i'm frustrated " pattern to express yourself when you feel stifled ,	使用 " 我被破坏 " 模式来表达自己 , 当你感到稳定的时候 , 你感到稳定的时候 , 用 " 模式来表达自己 。
my parents speak and act like " old children " , often make people laugh .	我父母说话和行动如 " 老孩子 " , 常让人们笑 。
buffalo has offered many insights into the human dance in the materials we have shared .	布弗洛在我们共享的材料中提供了许多参与者的舞蹈 。
the u . s . emerged from the grueling 20072009 recession just over two years ago .	2007-2009年前 , 美国从2007-2009年开始 , 只有两年前的衰退 。
kneed for 10 minutes and set aside in a large bowl until double in size .	膝盖10分钟 , 设置在大碗内 , 直到两个尺寸 。
her children vetoed the idea , saying mr . diez just wants her money .	她的孩子们在想法上说 , 迪兹先生只是想要她的钱 。
things between us you can't hide , a stranger's hand weighs upon your mind .	在我们之间 , 你不能隐藏 , 一个陌生的手在你的心里 。
however , when the snow continued to the south sala , has become a disaster .	然而 , 当雪继续继续到南沙拉 , 已经成为灾难 。
here is the reddest rose in all the world . you will wear it tonight next your heart .	这里是世界上最红色的玫瑰 , 你将在你的心里穿着它 。
love is our true destiny . we do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone .	爱是我们真正的欲望 , 我们不会发现自己的生命的意义 。
out of his trance jim seemed quickly to wake . he enfolded his della .	他的火车jim似乎很快就醒来了 。 他把他的桌子放进了他的桌子 。
the breed is only one in a gallery of bizarre variations of the common goldfish .	卧床只是一个在普通金鱼的聚集中 , 只有一个在普通金鱼的聚集中 。
ceaselessly musing , venturing , throwing , seeking the spheres to connect them .	毫无疑问 , 偷窃 , 扔下来 , 寻求空间连接他们 。
how can a side , the spot asked zhu xiaoshui is a small shewolf .	如何可以一个面部 , 请求张晓珠是一个小羊毛 。
dragons are terrifying and aweinspiring as they take wing and breathe fire .	龙正在防御和湿润 , 因为他们采取翅膀和呼吸火 。
but your precious hours are probably better spent thinking about whether you like your date .	但是你预期的几个小时可能更好地想到你是否喜欢你的日期 。
yet others advertise their services – known as escort services – on the internet .	然而 , 其他人在互联网上广告他们的服务 , 称为scort服务 。
if they add artificial intelligence , we can find out if the device is happy as a clam .	如果他们添加了人工智能 , 我们可以发现设备是快乐的 。
in addition , 2/84 cases could not be detected by rsca for their poor pcr results .	另外 , 2/84例患者无法检测其贫困pcr结果 。
i'll live my life apart from you , just glimpsing you across the sky .	我将生活在你身边 , 只是把你放在天上 。
people , but i don't know , at the same time , i think people are really interested in what they're doing .	人们 , 但是我不知道 , 同时 , 我觉得人们真的感兴趣 。
greek , made in athens , 510 – 490 bc , from vulci , italy .	希腊 , 在阿森 , 510-490英亩 , 意大利 。
this not only recite a long time , will be known to the " cooked " to " fine " , as i can .	这不仅仅仅重新收到一段时间 , 将被称为 " 烹饪 " , 就像我可以 。
young plants of the wheat and the grass were the best to feed the nymphae .	小麦和草的年轻植物是最好的饲料 。
nowadays as more and more people study abroad , the returnees are not so popular as before .	现在 , 越来越多的人研究外 , 回来越受欢迎 。
however , eventually the crowds tire of him and he gets bored just swinging on tires .	然而 , 最终 , 最终 , 他刚刚刚刚刚刚在小胎上打开 。
as we all know the opium war in 1840 china began to the modernization of humiliation .	正如我们所知道 , 1840年 , 中国开始对人类的现代化进行现代化 。
jeb wilkinson: a man has only one life time . but history can remember you forever .	jbbwilkinson:一个人只有一个生命时间 , 但是历史可以记住你永远 。
the heat then propels the seawater back up through the crust , where it meets colder water .	然后 , 然后 , 海水从水中回来 , 会遇到冷水 。
david k . cohen's teaching and its predicaments takes on that paradox .	大卫k.科恩的教学和其预言是在这个公园上采取的 。
in late 1970s , some npos have realized that marketing may be helpful to reach their goal .	在1970年末 , 一些npos已经发现 , 市场可能有助于达到他们的目标 。
crop scientist jess lowenbergdeboer says this helps local farmers relate to them .	欧洲科学家jenbergdeboer说 , 这帮助当地农民与他们相关 。
say , " mary is my friend , and it makes me feel bad to hear you talk this way . "	玛丽说: " 玛丽是我的朋友 , 让我感到不错地听到你说话 。 "
nitrate was the mainly form of dissolved inorganic nitrogen in zhelin bay .	nitrate是zhelin湾有机氮的主要形式 。
consider purchasing a hepa filter to remove the greatest amount of allergens .	考虑购买一个重复滤波器 , 以消除最大的合金 。
if you decide to have a more featurerich database later , you will have to change the code in your application .	如果您决定有更多的特性数据库后 , 您必须在您的应用程序中改变代码 。
one day , when they do find time to stop to smell the flowers , it might be too late .	有一天 , 当他们找到时间停止闻到花 , 可能太晚了 。
kra could not be applied to uncertain data directly because uncertain data has probability .	kra不能直接应用到不确定数据 , 因为不确定数据具有可能性 。
please send your resumes , expected salary and photos to address by post .	请发送您的休息 , 预期的薪水和照片 。
li bai said there is a place near the hot springs , is an excellent place to cultivate .	李宝说 , 在热泉附近有一个地方 , 是一个优秀的地方 。
but perhaps you'd like to see it in hires on a huge screen ? maybe in 3d ?	不过你可能会想看到它在大屏幕上看到它 ? 也许在3d里 ?
he kept his strong and vigorous mien . the water bottle in his bag wobbled .	他保持他的强烈和虚拟的小米 , 他在他的袋子里的水瓶里 。
as logistics sites , cities are of higher risk of harmful biological invasion .	作为物流地点 , 城市是危害生物侵袭的风险较高 。
in joint offense has transitional form of crimes , also exists surplus behavior .	在联合防御中 , 具有传统的犯罪形式 , 也存在了外壳行为 。
in certain circumstances the capabilities of a human observer are limited .	在某些情况下 , 有限于人类观察器的能力 。
careful examination of the orings confirmed that there was no blowby whatsoever .	仔细的检查证实 , 无论无论怎样 。
most of the time this will apply to cutting up visual designs or helping troubleshoot a bug .	大多数时间 , 这将应用于切削视觉设计或帮助麻烦 。
no matter where i go , yangzhou's snacks will never leave my mind .	无论我去哪里 , 杨州的蛇从未留下我的心 。
the increasing speed of internet connections is the main reason for the fastgrowth .	互联网连接速度的增加速度是快速的主要原因 。
here's hoping that more of his work gets translated into english . and soon , please !	在这里 , 希望更多的工作都会把英语翻译成英语 , 很快 , 请快 !
representation of cancer in the medical literature a bibliometric analysis	医学文献中癌症表示癌症的表现是生物学分析的 。
the mayfly is to trout fly fishing , what the microchip is to the personal computer .	五月是将飞船飞行飞行 , 微芯片到个人电脑 。
we pissed our teacher off again today , horsing around and acting up .	今天 , 我们又把老师放在一起 , 骑着周围和行动 。
the findings of physical examination correlated with the different nerve root deficits .	物理检查结果与不同神经根缺陷相关 。
disabling , refractory knee pain that meets both of the following criteria .	破坏 , 折射膝关痛 , 两者都会遇到接下来的批评 。
village environment safety is beautiful and clean , vegetation is rich !	村庄环境安全是美丽 , 清洁 , 蔬菜丰富 !
you can air dry sports bras to prolong the life of the moisturewicking fabrics .	您可以将干燥的运动装置推广动织物的生命 。
chill winter didn't affect the trend of outbreak of summer and fall .	菲利·冬天没有影响夏季和秋天的趋势 。
in xikang , for instance , a number of problems have cropped up in this field .	例如 , 例如 , 很多问题已经在这个领域中交叉了 。
minute fragments of shoot apices are proverbially difficult to culture .	拍摄标准的分割很难文化 。
a tipical reset technique for five transistors active pixel is proposed .	提出了一种用于五个传输器活性pxel的组织回收技术 。
well , the answer is simple , the answer is found using a counterexample .	嗯 , 答案简单 , 回答者使用对策索引示例 。
objective: nutrients in northern hibiscus syriacus are determined .	目的:探讨北部hibiscsyris的营养情况 。
burning fire dragon in huanglongxi dated back to the southern song dynasty .	黄港的火龙回到南宋时期 。
cu sidhe are huge , dark green fay hounds from the land of ever young .	古斯蒂是巨大的 , 黑绿色的脸色从年轻的地方 。
print a machine parsable list of features the specified plugin provides .	打印一个机器可停止列表指定的插件提供的特定插件 。
the chinese traditional culture is kind of material form of the chinese thinking , speaking and operating .	中国传统文化是中国思想、演讲和操作的材料形式 。
the workers were frequently beaten and were forced to live in prisonlike conditions .	这些工人经常被捕捉 , 被迫在囚犯条件下生活 。
an entrylevel position in sales . eventual goal: manager of marketing department .	在销售中 , 事件目标:营销部经理 。
in the course of our trip , we have learned a great deal in all the places we visited .	在我们的旅行过程中 , 我们在我们访问的所有地方都学到了一个很大的交易 。
oh , i went to this beautiful place in italy . it's called tuscany .	哦 , 我去意大利这个美丽的地方 , 叫tuscany 。
that he might sanctify her , cleansing her by the washing of the water in the word .	他可能会把她拿到她 , 清理她的话 , 用水洗净了她 。
how does ability overcome my old selfabased psychology ? very irritated !	怎么能力克服我的老年心理学 ? 非常激动 !
there's less than two weeks to go until the start of the shenzhen universiade .	直到深圳大学的开始开始 , 两周的时间比较少 , 直到深圳大学开始了 。
rub the cream , for heating , which is more easily absorbed by the skin .	为了加热 , 更容易被皮肤吸收 。
the hexapede staggers . it stands , its muscles spasming , then falls over .	混合的堆栈 , 站在它的肌肉上 , 然后倒下来 。
to get myself to actually do , my favorite trick is the 50 minutes rule .	实际上 , 我最喜欢的尝试是50分钟的规则 。
the next step would be to add the such systems to subways in major metropolitan areas .	下一个步骤将加入这样的系统 , 将在大陆地区的大陆地区 。
in old china , eighty per cent of the children received no formal education .	在中国 , 8%的孩子们收到不正式教育 。
my dad was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in the prime of hellos life .	我的爸爸被诊断了多个扫描 。
these projects showed the wisdom and innovativeness of the participating students .	这些项目显示了参加学生的智慧和创新性 。
tour montparnasse , with 209 meters the second highest in europe , paris .	209米 , 欧洲第二次最高 , 巴黎 。
during the month the house was under repair , we lived with our cousins next door .	在这个月里 , 房子在修复下来 , 我们住在下一个门上 。
the news isn't all bad , according to an accompanying editorial .	据一名报道 , 报道 , 报道并不所有坏 , 据一名报道 。
an object of the present invention is to miniaturize a circuit board connector .	本发明的目标是将电路板连接器移除电路板 。
uzma mehboob worked as a program manager when the shelter was for women .	uzmamehobb作为一个项目经理 , 当她是女人 。
the paper gives an introduction to the research and produce of the product of base wallpaper .	本文介绍了基于墙板的研究和生产 。
we substituted red balls for blue balls , to see if the baby could notice .	我们取消了红球的红球 , 看看孩子能注意 。
the great will of combating the yushu earthquake continuously inspired me .	大家将继续激励我 。
this is because the outer cuticle layer of the hair fiber is broken and flaked .	这是因为头发纤维的外部特性层是破碎的 , 并被打碎的 。
compound of protease , amylase , diastatic enzyme , mannase etc .	蛋白酶、amylase、乳化酶、人类等 。
has destroyed argentina's 5 " the super colors " the attack airplane .	已经摧毁了阿根廷的5 " 超级颜色 " 攻击飞机 。
stress shelter of iesn was less than that of intramedullary interlocking nail .	压力板的应力比原料内锁钉更少 。
this furnace is used at the anshan iron and steel co . as demonstration furnace .	这种炉炉是在安山铁和钢铁中使用的 。
china's reform on the election system of presiding judge has been implemented for 5 years .	中国的电子制度改革已经实现了5年 。
feel the body relax , feel the tenseness disappear , but do not fall asleep .	感觉身体放松 , 感觉紧张消失 , 但没有睡眠 。
after about 6 months of silence , there have been some significant updates .	大约6个月后 , 有些显著的更新 。
they at once take up their nephews' cause , free them , and kill their guards .	他们一旦拿起他们的网络的原因 , 免费他们 , 杀死他们的卫生 。
quest , question , there is no coincidence that there is an etymological link between the two .	问问 , 问题 , 两者之间存在一个典型的链接 。
the reason behind this is that it makes the products seem to have higher protein levels .	后面的原因是 , 产品似乎具有较高的蛋白水平 。
azo is deposited by electronic beam evaporation on the k9 substrates .	用电子束分布在k9子上被放置 。
a polling station is where i vote and is listed on my elector information card .	一个污染站是我在我的电子信息卡上列出的地方 , 我在哪里 。
pvc insulated and pvc sheathed fine steel wire armoured power cables .	pvc调节和pvc剪切的钢电缆 。
the membrane technology has been widely used in the water treatment industry .	膜技术已广泛应用于水处理工业 。
when the tank is filled , it will fill in all the gaps and pull the plastic tight .	当垃圾填充时 , 将填充所有的垃圾 , 将填充塑料重量 。
in the marmoset kitchen , peter prepares the monkeys' daily menu .	在马莫斯特·肯肯肯尼 , 彼得准备猴子的日常菜单 。
gold apt to look for in the world , human world bosom friend difficult to seek .	金普特寻找世界上 , 人类的朋友难以寻求 。
the paper also describes descaling scheme , control conditions and cleaning results .	本文还介绍了描述了控制条件、清洁效果的设计方案、控制条件、控制条件及清洁效果 。
my recommendation is to choose one of these activities , most days of the week .	我的建议是选择这些活动的一个活动 , 大多数天 。
the theory of tidal friction is the concern of dynamic oceanography .	虎摩擦理论是动态学的关注 。
the excited o_2 molecule oxidizes a free radical in the solvent .	激活的o2分子氧化物在溶剂中的自由辐射 。
jenna: an australian accused a chinese restaurant of cooking koalas .	杰森纳:澳大利亚指出 , 中国餐馆的一个中国餐馆 。
the homotopy operator of difference complex is an important result .	差异复杂的热门操作器是一个重要的结果 。
well , if i had the option , i would really like to go to grad school for linguistics .	嗯 , 如果我有选项 , 我会真的想去学校的学校 。
they found that individuals have reduced selfconcept clarity after a breakup .	他们发现 , 个人已经减少自我概念障碍 。
tonight tis zhichunlu warm air of new insect sound through the green screens .	今天晚上 , 新昆虫的空气透过绿色屏幕 。
the rotating slip ring is insulated from the shaft by a laminated plastic bushing .	旋转滑环由激光塑料布置调节 。
while arousing more , then such as mercury xian ground , the glory yi shoot ;	虽然越来越多的时候 , 比如德国的xian地面 , 全球yi鞋子 ;
preparation of manpower , funds and materials for rescue and disaster relief ;	制备人力、资金和资金 , 救援和灾难救济 ;
this painting is of no use to draw the shades of images of light distribution .	这种绘画没有用来绘制光分布图像的形象 。
the candidates will received their test report forms with one month after they finished their test .	候选人将在他们完成测试后获得他们的测试报告表 。
when disturbed , the fish inflates itself and becomes globular in form .	当被扰乱时 , 鱼通胀自己 , 变成全球的形式 。
content schematics show concise pictures of what makes a data structure big .	内容模式显示了数据结构大型的数据结构图像 。
its nine points are numbered 100 through 900 for easy citation and reference .	它的九分之一是通过900个方便的位置和参考 。
i'd love to stay later , but my mom would pitch a fit i'm not home by 10 .	我很喜欢晚些时候 , 但是我妈妈妈会把一件好处放在10岁的家里 。
and when you go there , the first thing you think is " oh my god , this place is amazing . "	当你去那里时 , 你想的第一件事就是 " 哦 , 这个地方是疯狂的 。 "
she realised then that horrific sexual violence was taking place in every village round goma .	她意识到 , 每个村庄都在每个村子里获得了激烈的性暴力 。
in time , maybe two weeks , you'll be ready for a sight and a target .	当时 , 也许两周 , 你会准备为一个光和目标准备准备 。
the character of dividing frequency of granite double fractal is discussed also .	文章还讨论了格兰ite双框架的分散频率的特点 。
pro: the report based on high resolution image component would be printed in high quality .	教授:基于高分辨图像组件的报告将在高质量上印刷 。
love does not consist in gazing at each other but looking forward together in the same direction .	爱并不一致 , 每个人都不相同的方向 , 但是寻找同样的方向 。
city is a big source of geo environmental polution and its victim as well .	城市是地球环境污染和其受害者的大源泉 。
so what should i do ? actually i lied , by the way , when i said the answer was over there .	所以我应该做什么呢 ? 实际上我在那里 , 当我说答案的时候 , 答案就在那里 。
we would quickly find out that our presentation was doomed before we ever set foot into the meeting .	我们很快发现 , 在我们永远没有设置到会议之前 , 我们就会很快地发现我们的表现已经完成了 。
walnut creek is just outside oakland , loves apple products , and has great internet .	在奥克兰外 , 爱苹果产品 , 拥有很大的互联网 。
they tend to forage out into the gulf , where the oil is dominating the seascape , " he says .	他说: " 他们往往往往往往往往往往往往往往是在那里 , 石油正在消除海洋 。 "
this test is interesting because stringbuffers are optimized for performing fast appends .	这个测试是有趣的 , 因为单缓冲器是最优化的 。
then you can you create helpful checklists or other articles as pdfs that people can download .	然后你可以创建有益的检查员或其它文章作为人们可以下载的pdfs 。
" if you wait for things to be perfect , you're going to wait a long time .	" 如果你等待的事情是完美的 , 你会等待一段时间 。
view the people who have access to the site you’ll be on the people . aspx page .	看到那些有访问的网站的人 , 你会在人群上 。 亚普克页面 。
your eyes show sternness , but more kindness and care . thank you for me feel important .	你的眼睛显示了西方 , 可是多样 , 感谢你感到非常重要 。
in some cases , yes , but the inherent skepticism lives on , experts say .	专家说 , 在某些情况下 , 是的 , 是的 , 但是内在的关键主义生活在一起 。
1967 suharto takes over from sukarno to become president of indonesia .	1967年苏拉托从苏卡诺开始成为印尼总统 。
not only can walking fish live out of water but they can also travel short distances over land .	不仅只能走出鱼 , 但是它们也可以在陆地上旅行短距离 。
the boy dropped the apples he had stolen and cut away across the orchard .	男孩把苹果放下了苹果店 , 把它切掉在orchard上 。
as a new method , ree tracer technique has been widely used in soil erosion research .	作为一种新方法 , 在土壤腐蚀研究中广泛应用于土壤腐蚀研究的方法 。
they also converted one species of bacterium into another through a “genome transplant” .	他们还通过 " 机器移植器转换了一种细菌 。
it compares well enough with my nikon 50mm f1 . 4 at max aperture .	与我nikon50mf1.4相比 , 在max温度下 , 足够好 。
reducing the date rate by onehalf will double the duration of each symbol interval .	减少每个象征间隔时间的时间 。
" then why are you crying ? " asks the bird . " you are making me wet ! "	" 那么为什么你哭了 ? " 问鸟儿 。 " 你会让我湿了 ! "
since then 16 years , the war stretches continuously , but are relatively small .	自从16年以来 , 战争战略继续 , 但相对较小 。
i'm actually a little bit sad because i really like michigan state university .	实际上 , 我真的喜欢迈根州大学 。
the competition : “i watch all my competitors closely and with lots of respect .	竞争: " 我看到所有的竞争者都密切 , 很多人尊重 。
but dobby had to come . dobby has to protect harry potter . to warn him .	但是dbby必须来了 。 多比已经保护哈利波特 。 警告他 。
ben had it out with his roommate about coming back home so late and making a lot of noise .	贝恩和他的房间一起回家 , 晚些时候 , 做了很多噪音 。
when the language in literature is artful , i would choose to read every word .	当文学中的语言是艺术的时候 , 我会选择每个字 。
and a lawless afghanistan could again become alqaeda’s base .	无法阿富汗再次成为阿富汗的基地 。
also , all of my teammates were courteous , kind and available in the dressing room .	同时 , 我所有的团队都是勇敢的 , 类型的衣房里可用 。
we have to exclude certain causes , like suicide , in the case of life insurance .	我们必须出现某些原因 , 如自杀 , 在生活保险情况下 , 就像自杀一样 。
i love tuktuks , the motoring equivalent of putting your head in a blender .	我喜欢桌子 , 运动等价把头放在一个箱子里 。
you can make water roll off guo's metals by tilting them less than five degrees .	你可以让水滚下来的金属 , 用五度来处理他们的金属 。
maggie said , 'i know , but it's only a year and a half away from graduating .	马格利说 , " 我知道 , 但是只有一年 , 毕业生的一半 。
even when seeking only a casual liaison , do not go out dressed like an unmade bed .	即使只要寻找一个相当的丽莎松 , 就不会像一个独立的床子一样 。
it arrived on plastic plates with the meat dropping off the bone by the handful .	它到达到塑料板上 , 用肉滴在骨头上 。
botos forage among flooded trees for fish , crabs , and turtles .	炸弹在鱼类、鱼类和涡轮之间的食物树中 , 炸弹的食物 。
boilers not replaced by 2030 would need to be modified to meet the new regulations .	2030年锅炉不需要修改新规定 。
our lives will be filled with joy and hope and all the blessings god wants for us .	我们的生活将充满愉快和希望 , 所有的祝福神都希望我们 。
last year we had 30 mayors from the chongqing area in my city of chattanooga .	去年 , 我们有30个市长庆市的市长 。
after all , it doesn’t matter what you have access to if you can’t read it .	毕竟 , 如果你没有阅读它 。
they are selfconfident and have strong opinions on a variety of issues .	他们是自信 , 并且在各种问题上有着强烈的意见 。
designating who ihr contact points at the headquarters or the regional level ;	设计的ihr接触点在头部或区域层面的设计 ;
i think we're in for a longer trend of either malaise or just a down channel .	我觉得我们在更长的趋势下 , 或者只是一个下面的通道上 。
but the effect is too unspecific and will rarely lead to clearance and seroconversion .	但是 , 这种效果太具体 , 很少会导致清晰和安全转换 。
needless to say it's a welcome drenching but it still isn't all that much fun .	无需说这是一个欢迎的开放 , 但是它仍然没有所有的乐趣 。
highback booster seat designed to fit a growing child up to 120 lbs .	高backboobooster设计了一个生长的孩子到120个lbs 。
stone is a gogetter . he'll make an excellent student body president .	石头是一位目标 , 他会做一个优秀的学生身体总统 。
the cause of corrosion and elimination method of 188 stainless steel are discussed .	讨论了1888无锈钢的腐蚀和消除方法的原因 。
she says she's considering reopening once the residents are allowed to move back .	她说 , 她曾经考虑一旦居民被允许搬回 。
so dust off that old diary , or open up a word document , and try it .	所以 , 除了那个老二元 , 或者打开一个字母文档 , 并试图尝试它 。
proper kgm concentration can keep sphere shape and meet constant release rate .	适当的kgm浓度可以保持空间形状 , 满足常数释放率 。
this is a story about michael berrian , a homeless man from newark , new jersey .	这是一个关于迈克尔的故事 , 新泽西的家庭人 。
and i will feed the flock of slaughter , even you , o poor of the flock .	而且 , 我会喂养奴隶的地板 , 甚至你 , 即使你 , 穷人 。
download the ps3 otheros installer from sony and save it as otheros . self .	下载ps3其他pso安装器 , 从儿子中拯救它 。
a scan of 4337 other cases and 2077 controls yielded the same result .	一个扫描437例其他病例和2077年的控制结果产生了相同的结果 。
for instance , if your boss is late for your meeting , then you have more time to prepare .	例如 , 如果你的老板迟到你的会议 , 那么你有更多时间去准备 。
the " she " serial works show the living condition of chinese women of different backgrounds .	" 她 " 系列作品展示了不同背景的中国女性生活状况 。
it mounts just behind your shower head , so you won’t even notice it’s there .	只有在你的游戏头后 , 所以你甚至没有注意到它 。
if i could choose between his life and bill gate's life , it's a nobrainer .	如果我可以选择自己的生命和比盖茨的生命之间 , 那么它是一个诺贝尔大脑 。
cable has good earthing and bending performance and high electric insulating performance .	电缆具有良好的地球 , 具有良好的性能和高的电动监测性能 。
paradoxically , the principle of voluntary join caused a low attendance of farmers .	同时 , 志愿加入的原则 , 引起农民注意力较低 。
the cross location is the uppermost location mode for the shipborne microwave oth radar .	交叉位置是船舶微波的最高位置模式 。
this indicates the general historical trend and this is what the people aspire , which nobody can defy .	这表明 , 总体历史趋势 , 这是人类apire的人 , 没有人能防御 。
i managed to persuade quite a few people to see me , and i must keep the appointments .	我经理说 , 几个人看到我 , 我必须保持申请 。
the control of hydrogen sulfide using biological fixedfilm filter is an economical and effective method .	利用生物固定电膜滤波器的控制是一种经济和有效的方法 。
different strides of different personalities captured in fullbody shots while strolling in orchard road .	不同的个人在全身鞋子里都有不同的角色 。
for the employees and between enterprises , the enterprises should be the staff after the first win win .	为了员工和企业之间 , 企业应该是第一赢后第一赢得的工作人员 。
then cics eci connection factory then supplies the connection properties for the cics server .	然后cicsci连接工厂 , 然后为cics服务器提供连接属性 。
bladesystem presents a hierarchical and interrelated infrastructure to the management console .	bladedesystem给管理组件提供了一个层次和相关的基础结构 。
qin territory for the late warring states , qin unified china after a county in the north .	秦军战争后 , 秦统一中国在北方的一个县之后 , 秦统一 。
virtualization gives cloud administrators the ability to handle more requests with fewer systems .	虚拟化给云管理员提供了更多的能力来处理更多的系统 。
the answer has got to be this is what the objection says the answer has got to be , obviously not .	答案已经得到了这个问题 , 答案说 , 答案已经得到了 , 显然没有 。
methods the ink print of fingerprint and palmar patterns were obtained with informed consent .	方法对手指印刷和palmar模式的感染印刷进行检查 。
the flooding reignites one of the key debates over the construction of the three gorges dam .	洪水重新对三峡大坝建设的关键辩论之一 。
while ea quarter of adults would prefer to live into their 90s somewhat longer than expected .	虽然老年的成年将更喜欢在90年的时间里生活到他们的90年 。
for this reason , we continue to remain bearish on indian equities over the intermediateterm trend .	对于这种原因 , 我们继续继续在印度平等上继续继续在中间趋势上 。
distance two labeling ( or l—labeling ) is motivated by the channel assignment problem .	距离两个标签 " 或l-l---l--l--l-laing " 是由通道分配问题运动的 。
bamboo fibre after thorough degreasing , take off sugar , to take off the protein processing .	竹纤维增加后 , 采取糖 , 采取蛋白处理 。
sequence analysis showed that it contained the basic characteristic of primary structure of promoter .	序列分析表明 , 它包含了初始结构的基本特征 。
the synthesis of carbon nanotubes was conducted in a quartz tube furnace .	研究了碳纳米管合成的碳纳米管的合成 。
amethyst assists in learning the frequencies necessary for the transcendence of karma .	amethyst助理学习karma的传播频率的必要性 。
methods the model of alcoholic hepatic disorder was established by feeding alcohol liquor .	方法采用饲料酒精液法建立酒精肝脏病毒的模型 。
it assures us a promising season of summer and also the most iportant havvest seasonautum .	确保我们承诺夏季的季节 , 最重要的是最重要的节日秋天 。
the chlorination equilibrium of cupric oxide has been investigated using the circulation method .	采用循环法对杯氧化物的氯化等性进行了研究 。
honeypot skill is one of the active defense network security techniques .	蜂窝网络安全技术是一个活跃的防御网络安全技术之一 。
extensible authentication protocol can support a lot of authentication mechanisms .	可扩展的认证协议可以支持许多认证机制 。
they abused their power and bullied the people , thus arousing intense discontent among the masses .	他们吸引了他们的力量 , 把人们放在大众中 。
however , other file types , from psds to rtfs , are accepted and up and downloadable .	然而 , 其他文件类型 , 从psds到rtfs , 被接受和下载 。
qian xuesen is one of the greatest scientists who have made great contributions to the science cause .	qianxueueen是科学家之一 , 最大的科学家之一 。
when ed finds out , sam agrees to help the fbi capture several key members of the cartel .	当爱德发现 , 萨姆同意帮助fbi捕捉几个关键成员的关键成员 。
he was shocked to find his 20yearold daughter wearing them after she returned home from studying in the us .	他很震撼了20岁的女儿在她回到美国的学习后 , 找到了他的20岁的女儿穿着他们 。
lin came back to china in 1925 to work as principal of the beiping state vocational art school .	林南回到1925年 , 作为美国职业学校的主要工作 。
resultsthe patients were followed up for 312 months . all cases obtained satisfactory results .	结果随访312个月 , 所有病例均获得满意的结果 。
then leaning over , paderewski reached down with his left hand and began filling in a bass part .	然后 , 巴德雷斯ki与他的左手接下来 , 开始填充基地部分 。
the former operator appends to the existing file , and the latter overwrites existing content .	前者操作器应用于现有文件 , 后来的整个编写内容存在 。
it can be obtained that quantity of the martensitic transformation reduces with the increase of these factors .	可获得标记学变换的数量 , 随着这些因子的增加而降低了这些因子的增加 。
then the king called in one hundred and eighty maids of honor and ordered sun wu to train them .	然后 , 王叫一百八个女子 , 为了训练他们 。
fuk golden words below to apply the same process for " fu as the east china sea water " font .	英国金字下面应用于 " 福岛 " 海水 " 的应用过程 。
rosenberg told the brothers only that the target was a man who had been extorting and threatening him .	罗森伯格告诉兄弟只有这位目标只是一个男人 , 并威胁他 。
afternoon: the queen hosts an official wedding lunch for 650 guests at the palace .	下午:第二天下午 , 一个正式婚礼午餐650名客人 。
the real right means one right that the country and others shouldn't and have no capability to invade optionally .	真正的意味着 , 国家和其他人不应该有能力 , 并且没有能力 。
upon installation , brea will be the largest municipal user of solar power in orange county .	在安装上 , brea将成为橙色县最大的太阳能用户 。
as of tuesday , the volcano in iceland was still erupting , though the cloud was lower .	星期二 , 冰岛的火山仍然在爆发 , 尽管云仍然降低 。
helps to even out my skin tone , and hydrates the skin as i have very dry skin .	甚至还有帮助甚至离开我的皮肤 , 液压在我很干燥的皮肤 。
convective clouds had come to an end only when the road is sadly maek maek red dust storms .	当路上只有一个最后的时候 , 传统的云已经到了一个结束了 , 只有在红尘暴露的时候 , 只有一个终点 。
sooner or later , the wave will come along and knock down what we have worked so hard to build up .	很快或是后来 , 小波将沿着 , 打击我们的工作 , 所以很难建立 。
a noble professional virtue is in accord with the fundamental interests of the party and the people .	根据党人民的基本利益和人民的基本利益基本利益 。
they could also encourage their employees to donate their time to a local entrepreneurs’ club .	他们也可以鼓励他们的雇员来捐赠他们当地的企业家的俱乐部 。
it means that the teams we are matching you against have average mmrs well under 1500 .	这意味着我们在1500年比赛下 , 比赛我们的队友们平均在比赛中得到比赛 。
street photographer four wonderful marketing ideas , marketing way to force invincible !	街道摄影师四个美妙的营销理念 , 营销方法能力创造 !
expert comment: this little filly will be the star in the short , symmetrical shape .	专家评论:这小飞行将是短期的星星 , 同时形状的星星星 。
the two women leaned upon the wroughtiron window rail in the shadow of the curtains .	两个女人在城市的阴影中留下了一条女人 。
indoctrination in education is the one of patterns of the great influence of education in west .	教育的产业是西方教育的重要模式之一 。
lewis . a mars rampant with life . a watercovered venus populated with floating , living islands .	雷斯 。 一个火星随着生命的火星 , 一辆水被流动 , 生活岛 。
and likewise also james and john , the sons of zebedee , who were partners with simon .	与此同样也詹姆斯和约翰一样 , zebedee的儿子和simon的合作伙伴 。
kwan insisted on into the pioneer battalion , along with ellen pau kill children .	kwan坚持在手机战场上 , 沿着埃伦·潘肯杀死孩子 。
he's getting barraged with new scripts every month from filmmakers across asia .	他每个月在亚洲 , 每个月都在用新的脚本来自亚洲的电影制作者 。
they carried banners advocating religious freedom and sang “we shall overcome . ”	他们携带了banner提倡宗教自由和sang " 我们应该收入 。
was he simply obeying a sort of instinctive impulse which was obscure even to himself ?	他简单地观察了一套令人难道的投影冲击 , 甚至还是难道呢 ?
the piezoelectricity as the function material is extensive applied in automobile .	作为功能材料广泛应用于自动汽车 。
dobby is a free elf , and dobby has come to save harry potter and his friends !	多比是一个自由的福利 , 而多比已经来拯救哈利波特和他的朋友 !
if encounter without , although fine but can be trapped large prey , tenacity and clinking .	如果遇到不到 , 尽管很好 , 但是可以追溯大量的预先、强度和结束 。
we strolled through the old town and watched a very old house being demolished .	我们穿过旧镇 , 看着一个很老的房子 。
the first thing you see when you walk in the door . our little friends are from anthropologie .	当你走进门时 , 你看到的第一件事 , 我们的小朋友是从一个威胁学家 。
and while some flareups need immediate attention , your involvement isn't always required .	尽管有些爆炸需要立即注意 , 你的涉及并不总是要求 。
price risk arises in nontrading portfolios , as well as in trading portfolios .	价格风险指出 , 非吸引港口 , 以及在贸易场所交易 。
this kind of instrument has many features , such as high s/n , good equability and nondeliquescence .	这种仪器具有很多特点 , 比如高/n , 良好的能力和非固定性 。
this leads then to the account of the birth of moses , and his exposure to the nile river .	然后 , 这导致了莫斯的出生账户 , 他的暴露到尼利河 。
he hasnot claimed libya had weapons of mass destruction to be used against us .	他没有声称利比亚已经被称为 " 大众毁灭 " 的武器 , 反对我们 。
subsequent investigations by japanese authorities confirmed the teacher had been taguchi .	随后 , 日本当局的调查发现 , 老师已经任意了 。
you need a better productivity approach so you can collaborate with others on a common project .	你需要更好的生产性方法 , 这样你可以在普通的项目上合作其他工程 。
the content is available for reuse in your new and existing solution information center projects .	内容可用于您的新和现有的解决中心项目中心重新使用 。
if you must have whale , cetacean biltong is more palatable than the fresh stuff .	如果你一定要有鲸鱼 , 太平湾比新鲜的牙齿更容易 。
right click control the knuckle angle , left click control the slewing and topping angle .	右击击击击击击击角 , 左击击击击击击击右 , 右击击击角度 。
yanzi went to the palace in a broken carriage pulled by thin and weak horses .	伊安齐走到一座破碎的车上 , 由薄弱和弱的马车 。
to promote local food culture , mining native dishes lay a good foundation for the essence .	为了促进当地食品文化 , 矿山地区的菜肴是一个好基础 。
the statistical breakdown property of a vacuum contact has been studied experimentally .	实验研究了一种真空接触的统计破坏性能 。
database resources can be accessed using both jdbc and recordlevel access .	使用jdbc和记录访问数据库资源可以访问数据库资源 。
the background , objective , challenge , and main efforts toward the research of hpcs are presented here .	提出了背景、目标、挑战和主要努力 。
we does the servant girl in the yard listen to your still listen to qiao jean ?	我们在监狱里做了仆人女孩 , 听你的仍然听到qiajan ?
and also if some of are familiar with buddha's twelve deeds , buddha's life story .	同时 , 如果有些人熟悉佛陀的二十岁死亡 , 佛陀的生命故事 。
now here's the good news we've discovered that your other leg doesn't need to be removed after all .	现在 , 这里是我们发现 , 你的其他腿不需要被删除的好消息 。
objective to investigate the value of ct diagnosing intraluminal masses of small intestine .	目的探讨ct诊断小肠癌的ct诊断价值 。
the doctrine of umberrimae fidei is a basic principle of marine insurance law .	数字保险法是海军保险法的基本原则 。
frederick lam , executive director of the hong kong trade development council , hong kong .	香港贸易开发委员会的fdericklam , 香港 。
this , it appears , is the legacy i have received and have now bequeathed to my own child .	这是我收到的腿部 , 现在已经到了自己的孩子 。
the distant galaxy was detected using a phenomenon called gravitational lensing .	用称为重力传感器的光学镜检测了远程光谱仪 。
in this review , the study history and the definition of starburst galaxies are introduced first .	本文首先介绍了星球星球星系星球星系星球星系星系星系星系星系星系星系星系星系的定义 。
this paper discusses how to do novelty searches on line for a phd dissertation proposal .	本文讨论了如何在phdssssss争论的线索搜索如何做到新的搜索 。
they also say they like the design flexibility they get by eliminating the spaceconsuming spare tyre .	他们还说 , 他们也喜欢设计灵活性 , 他们通过消除空间的空间空间风格 。
one of globalization's key features is the ability to handle multiple languages .	全球化的关键特征之一是处理多个语言的能力 。
you harshly scold your daughter for knocking the cup over . she breaks down in tears .	你很害羞地把你的女儿打开杯子 , 她在泪水中摔下来 。
editor's note: the original version of this story misstated dr . markel's name .	编辑者的注意:这篇故事的原版本错误了马克尔博士的名字 。
wooden materials in various tones and factures are used as the predominant materials in the design .	在设计中 , 采用各种工具和工具的木材材料 , 作为设计中的先进材料 。
the money collected was used to build a statue of zeus at the entrance to the stadium .	用金钱收集在进口建立一个零的站点 。
he turns and scolds a group of local fighters lounging at a nearby roadblock .	他转过来 , 把一群当地战斗机在附近的路上 。
his roommate’s bed was tightly close to the window , while he could only lie in bed all day long .	他的房间里 , 床紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧 , 只有在床上 。
the paper describes the development and tests of model cjk 200 automatic suction and discharge changer .	本文介绍了cjk200自动支持和分散变换器的发展和试验 。
a lot of people also sit outdoors , enjoying the cool , breezy nighttime air .	很多人还坐在室外 , 享受冷却的冷却 , 轻松的夜间空气 。
the curious feature of superstrings , however , is that they can only vibrate in 10 dimensions .	然而 , 超字符的目前特征 , 它们只能在10维中振动 。
i'm always confused when people rave about how much they " save " at warehouse club stores .	当人们在温室俱乐部商店的时候 , 我总是困惑了他们 " 拯救 " 的时候 , 我总是难以置信 。
bill coore graduated from wake forest university in 1968 and began working for pete dye .	毕业于1968年 , 沃克森林大学毕业于华克林大学 , 并开始为宠物染色工作 。
john menard and paul menard , father and son of menard's hardware superstores .	约翰男子和保罗男子 , 父亲和梅德的硬件超级监督的儿子 。
the multistaged castle sieges and character progression are two of my favourite new additions .	多阶段的筛选和特征进步是我最喜欢的新增加之一 。
we started off with a cocktail at the hotel bar , the libertine and it knocked my socks off .	我们开始在酒店bar上开了一个包装的细节 , 自由车辆 , 打破了我的袜子 。
western europe's 10% jobless rate is expected to hit 12% by mid1995 .	西欧的10%的工作率预计在1995年中期到12% 。
all of the following criteria must be met in order to have what is considered to be a durable model	所有的批评都必须遇到 , 为了考虑一个可危险的模型 。
and god will only prosper our study if we continually exercise ourselves to live by what we learn .	上帝只是适合我们的研究 , 如果我们继续运动自己 , 我们学到的是什么 。
since 1984 , hiv infection in hong kong report has been accumulated to 4047 people .	自1984年以来 , 香港报道的hiv感染已经被积累到4047人 。
and that research found individual brain cells that would respond to one accent — but not another .	此外 , 研究发现 , 个体大脑细胞会反应到一个浓度 , 但是不再再 。
proverbs 19: 29 penalties are prepared for mockers , and beatings for the backs of fools .	19:29个桃子准备为鸡肉制备 , 并为食物的背部 。
subsequently , directsequence and hybrid dsth were proposed to facilitate irma .	随后 , 提出了直接序列和混合dssssssss的直接序列 。
the nobel committee described the three physicists as " masters of light " .	诺贝尔委员会描述了 " 三个物理学家 " 的三个物理学家 。
of course aside from those characters , alphanumerics are allowed and don't need to be encoded .	当然 , 除了这些字符之外 , 除了这些字符 , 不需要编码 。
and if you start feeling frisky , and you have eight of ten seconds before work , you know where to find me .	如果你开始感觉到弗里斯基 , 你在工作前有八秒 , 你知道哪里找到我 。
but we all know , in fact , every time timer is less than 50ms in the mind is under the precision is very poor .	但实际上 , 我们都知道 , 每次都不到50毫米的心中 , 精度非常贫穷 。
the serum of immunized rabbits could suppress the hemolytic activity of tdh .	免疫兔的血清可以抑制tdh的血液活性 。
we have a very tightknit , super group of lads and i'm sure he'll enjoy his time here .	我们有一个非常紧密 , 超级的团队 , 我确定他在这里享受自己的时间 。
sensors are also used on the starting platforms to monitor false starts and correct relay changeovers .	传感器还使用在启动平台上监控虚拟开始和正确的转换 。
heat a pan and a little olive oil , add the langoustine rolls and gently brown .	加热一条小的橄榄油 , 加入兰兰兰丁的滚动 , 轻轻轻浏览 。
atb is widely used abroad , but seldom used at home . the study on atb has just started in our country .	ab广泛应用于国内外 , 但是在国内的研究已经开始了一些研究 。
so they jazzed up the story with all of that " huff and puff and blow your house down " .	所以他们把所有的 " 丈夫和pufff " 的故事带上了这个故事 , 并把你的房子放下来 。
ibm has more than 50 different programmes promoting worklife balance and bank of america over 30 .	ibm已经50多个不同的程序提高了美国的工作平衡和银行 。
but there may be problems along the way , as the us and the traditional european powerbrokers have to give way .	但是 , 就像美国和传统的欧洲电力制造商一样存在问题 , 必须给出路径 。
brio reserves the right to modify this terms and conditions without any prior notice .	英国储备权利 , 修改这个项目和条件 , 没有任何先前的注意 。
he heard the creak of greyback's boots as he crouched down in front of hermione .	他听到greyback的靴子 , 就像他在赫米尼克的前面一样慢慢慢下来 。
musing , pondering , a breath , a briny tear , a dab of liquid or soil .	泥泥泥泥土 , 混合 , 混合的泪水 , 液体或土壤 。
the contributing plugin fulfills this contract by defining specific values through xml .	通过xml定义特定值确定了该合同的贡献插件 。
the government understood this as well as the parties ; the most insignificant bourgeois felt it .	政府理解这一点和党 , 最重要的炸弹感到它 。
among them , isochromosome imay be a characteristic of adenocarcinomas of the lung .	其中 , 染色体imay是肺癌的一种特征 。
you may opt for stones all of the same color , or add one or two offcolor stones for some punch .	您可能会为石头所有的颜色 , 或添加一个或两个离子石头 。
sure , i'd campaigned all over the country , for my husband and for other candidates .	当然 , 我在我丈夫和其他候选人一起采取所有的国家 , 为了我丈夫和其他候选人 。
the protocols and standards for anycast are under the discussion , but have not reached a consensus .	东方的协议和标准都在讨论下 , 但是没有达到一个考虑 。
i would be interested to hear more — what values should we prioritize in assessing censorship ?	我会感兴趣听到更多的值得我们应该在评估censory的评估中获得什么价值 ?
and this party has a better than even chance of retaking at least one house of congress this november .	此外 , 这个党在今年1月至少有一家国会的房子更好 。
for lan/wan connections , lower settings of audio frames per packet are recommended .	针对lan/wan连接 , 建议每包的音频框架的低设置 。
the test results indicated that there were markedly effects of space flight , cultivar and storage time .	试验结果表明 , 空间飞行、文化和储存时间明显有明显的影响 。
these files , as we might call them , are both sweepingly inclusive and penetratingly minute .	这些文件 , 就像我们可能呼吁他们 , 都是很漂亮的 , 还有一分钟 。
what sets the onion apart , however , is that mr obama has not blunted its barbs at all .	然而 , 奥巴马先生都没有把它的酒吧放在那里 。
all this is what it takes to do transactional business messaging , and this is what amqp delivers .	所有的是 , 它都需要做事务的业务消息 , 这些是amqpdelipdeerver 。
the blood and sweat of the intersection , mud and fire passion , in a dripping color on .	干扰、泥和火焰的血液和汗水 , 在一片滴滴滴涂颜色上 。
in 2010 , of spandex industry boom will continue to rise , union holdings will benefit .	2010年 , 在2010年 , 西班牙产业机构将继续增长 , 联盟持有利于 。
the optimized rtl is then fed to the code generator , which produces target code .	然后最优化的rtl被捕捉到代码生成器 , 它产生目标代码 。
troy dumais , an american olympian , finished third at 484 . 25 points .	美国奥林匹马斯 , 484.25分 , 美国奥运会的第三分之一 。
but in the case of weaver ants in africa , this description may be more than just a metaphor .	但是在非洲 , 这种描述可能只是一个隐喻 。
you can head for the outer remote islands in bahamas if you are looking for seclusion and romance .	如果你正在寻找和浪漫 。
the risk detection rate in the middleaged group and the old group was higher than the young group .	中年组中年人群的风险检测率和老组比年轻人群更高 。
the story in the advertisement in china is neither mild nor smooth , but has some false .	中国广告的故事从来没有错误的北边 , 却有一些假设 。
whose is that ? ah , zuhair murad . it was the very first choice . i saw it on the rack .	谁是吗 ? 赵哈尔·穆达 , 是第一次选择 , 我看到它 。
all he can say is , this is his shirt . he holds out an arm so she can see the gaping sleeve .	他都可以说 , 这是他的衬衫 , 他拿出手臂 , 所以她可以看到那个帽子 。
" ) i never felt winded , but still got that great " workout sore feeling " the next day .	" 我从来没有感觉到风 , 但仍然有那么伟大的 " 工作感觉 " 的下一天 。
then he lay awake at night thinking of all the charming gallantries he might have employed ;	然后 , 他迟到晚上想到他可能雇主的所有魅力花园的想法 ;
with a little tweaking , and some helpful tips , swype can be better than what you're using .	随着一点弱点 , 一些有益的组织 , 瑞典能比你使用的东西更好 。
my journey from las vegas to iowa , at the time when i was young , childish and naive...	我的旅程从拉斯维加加斯到伊比亚 , 在我年轻的时候 , 孩子和海军...
i wish they called me that because it shows he has had success with the players he's brought in .	我希望他们要告诉我 , 因为它显示他和球员带来了成功 。
one day , the heavens would part and a perfect , precious cherub would descend on a sunbeam .	一天 , 天气将部分和完美 , 先前的厨师会在阳光上延长 。
it's called a blueprint , a blueprint for reform of our financial regulation .	它被称为蓝色印刷 , 一个蓝色印刷为我们的金融监管改革改革的改革 。
i have a truant here . " said constable johnny . " drive him straight to school . "	约翰尼说: " 我在这里有一个很棒的 , " 驱动他直接到学校 。
the battle lines of the new world order were exposed at the world trade organization this week .	本周 , 新世界秩序的战斗线在全球贸易组织发布 。
the nabe forecast appears to be in line with other u . s . economic signals .	纳贝预测似乎与其他美国经济信号的线路相同 。
this article presents a model that can calculate milling forces in complex surface machining .	本文提出了一种可以计算复杂的表面铸造中铣削力量的模型 。
the part of 3th discusses the role of the theory of comparative advantage for chinese foreign trade .	第三部分论述了中国外贸易的比较优势理论的作用 。
all men's miseries derive from not being able to sit quietly in a room alone .	所有男子的错误从不能安静地坐在房间里 。
fishing is my favourite sport . i often fish for hours without catching anything .	钓鱼是我最喜欢的运动 , 我经常用鱼来捕捉任何东西 。
while kian had the luxury of retreating westwards , he remained committed to his iran .	虽然kian拥有重复西方的豪华 , 他仍然承诺到伊朗 。
warlords built private gardens in chinese and west styles with literatus' help .	在中国和西方风格的风格建立私人花园 。
but the 32inch model we'd like to buy was temporarily out of stock . we had to wait .	但是 , 我们想购买的32英寸模型 , 我们必须等待 。
located in the west of the planned area , adjacent to the tourism zone and the downtown area .	位于西部的地方 , 与旅游区和下市区的旅游区和旅游区 。
write a docstring that explains everything someone would need to know in order to use this function .	写一个字符串 , 解释某些人需要知道的所有东西都需要使用这个功能 。
and then people choose subconsciously , not consciously to ignore the research and go with her heart .	然后人们选择意识上 , 不意识地忽略研究 , 与她的心脏 。
when rafik gindy graduated from high school , he knew he wanted to become an engineer .	当rafikgindy毕业于高中毕业时 , 他知道他想成为一个工程师 。
today i'll drill a little hole in the tooth for pusdrainage to stop the pain .	今天 , 我会在太平洋的太空洞里钻出一小洞 , 停止痛苦 。
that's setting emotion , efficient process , and the adams have to be selfdiscinplined .	这是设置情感、有效的过程 , 并且adam必须自我完成 。
when winter came , the grasshopper had nothing , but the ant complained of chest pains .	当冬天来到时 , 草坪上没有什么 , 但是蚂蚁抱怨了胸痛 。
if this emotional style applies to you , realize that lowering your standards will be a relief .	如果这样的情感风格适用于你 , 意识降低你的标准将是一个可靠的 。
our schoolwide academic contest will be held this saturday , 12/11/04 .	周六 , 我们的学校学术博弈会将在本周六举行 , 12/1/04 。
we want peace , freedom and a stable environment for development , ” the ralliers chanted .	我们想要和平、自由和稳定的环境 , " 雷尔人打印了 。
mather gave his flock no fewer than four such dates , beginning with the year 1697 .	母亲给他的四个日期不少 , 比如这样的日期 , 开始了1697年 。
government could contribute to the growth of economy , and it could holdback it meanwhile .	政府可以对经济增长的贡献 , 同时也可以保持它 。
they think that there's some freudian answer to solvingthese problems , " said the asa's kline .	他们认为 , 有些法国答案解决问题 , " 亚洲的k线说 。
''our research shows one potential reason why swearing developed and why it persists .	《our研究显示 , 为什么开关开关的原因 , 为什么它坚持 。
energyintensive industrial cluster ; circular economy ; coordinated development ;	能源强化工业集群 ; 循环经济 ; 协调开发 ;
cao xiu donned his armor and rode into the city with 1 , 000 men to stop the enemy .	曹小捐给他的阿森纳和罗德进入了1万人 , 000人停止敌人 。
this is the first time that stamps portraying chinese zodiac animals have been issued globally .	这是第一次在全球发布的中国动物 。
the children use water wings to keep themselves up in the water while they are learning to swim .	孩子们使用水翅膀保持自己在水里 , 学习游泳 。
to pave and break concrete foundation installing engineering to break other hard things .	为了保护和破坏混凝土基金会安装工程来破坏其他硬件 。
allow the baby to touch the book , chew on it , and otherwise physically touch it .	允许婴儿触摸这本书 , 看到它 , 还有物理地触摸它 。
save time dramatically reduce the time you spend making print and contact sheet projects .	节约时间 , 降低你花印和接触表项目的时间 。
the little girl was fascinated by all the fish swimming in the aquarium tanks .	小女孩被所有的鱼在水箱里游泳 。
the third board to sights on the next spin , the spin attack and put shortbased .	第三个董事会在下一次西班牙上 , 弹簧攻击 , 并将短暂 。
objective:in order to demonstrate the etiological diagnosis of acute retinal necrosis .	目的:探讨急性继续神经病的病理诊断 。
despondently , the husband replied: 'i missed a new job opportunity .	沉默地说 , 丈夫回答道: " 我错过了一个新的工作机会 。
he uttered the word indifferently , and as though his mind were on something else .	他把那句话变成了 , 尽管自己的心里有些东西 。
tutti executed a fabulous fake faint , swooning cartoonishly right to the floor .	切蒂执行了一个著名的fakefatfaint , 瑞典地板右向地板 。
" an internal sense of righteousness dwindles into an external concern for reputation "	" 正确的dwindle " 的内部意义是一个外部关注的外部关注 " 。
the people of the philipines have a great leader and must be proud of him . mr pres . duterte !	菲律宾人有一个很大的领导人 , 必须骄傲他 。 杜特特先生 !
worldwide , $162 billion was spent in new cleantech investments in 2009 alone .	2009年 , 世界范围内 , 162亿美元是在2009年独立的新城市投资 。
anything “street” – funky clothes that are casual and sporty – works well .	任何东西 " 街道 " 的衣服 , 真正的衣服 , 工作很好 。
it improves your dps , but the down side it , your images can't trigger any bashes .	它提高你的dps , 但是下面的图像 , 你的图像不能触发任何刷子 。
the timeless colouring of the tanzanite crystal makes this piece ideal for everyday wear .	太阳白晶的无时间颜色每天都使得这片片片片片子的理想 。
here , this is a more modern example with a little hash cafe next to it or something .	这里 , 这是一个很多现代的例子 , 还有一个小哈咖啡接下来的事情 。
jesus was born that night , and he had to sleep in a manger6 because there was no bed for him .	耶稣出生了那个晚上 , 他就睡在男人6里 , 因为没有床 。
leather spirit with a mountain to explain , at the same time the old leather also orders .	皮革精神与山间解释 , 同时也秩序 。
if you can force your heart and nerve and sinew to serve your turn long after they are gone .	如果你能力量你的心脏和神经和神经 , 那么在他们过后就能服务你的转弯 。
from the app developers: the astro file manager helps you get the most out of your android smart phone .	从应用程序开发人员:宇航文件经理帮助您获得最多的智能手机 。
the location is directly opposite shinagawa jr station , and so was easy to find .	位置直接反对的shinagwajr站 , 所以很容易找到 。
m . castells , the urban question: a marxist approach , london , 1977 ;	197777年 , 城市问题:马克思主义的方法、伦敦、伦敦、伦敦、伦敦、伦敦等 ;
after that i kept thinking about why would someone be so unmannered instead of thinking about my games .	在这之后 , 我想为什么有人会这样做 , 相反思考我的游戏 。
we turned out all the cupboards and drawers and found things we hadn't seen for years .	我们把所有的杯子和抽屉都转出来 , 发现我们没有看到的东西 。
all the things i cherished , how can they influence the people who are lying on the streets ?	所有的事情 , 如何影响那些在街上飞行的人呢 ?
the nbs also announced the consumer price index for may was down 1 . 4 percent year on year .	nbs还宣布 , 消费者价格指数下跌1.4% 。
the movement of the waves , of winds , of the earth is ever in the same lasting harmony .	波浪的运动 , 风的风 , 地球和谐永远在同一的最后一个和谐中 。
as a working group , during the crisis , so as not to resign , notforwork , not to change jobs .	作为一个工作组 , 在危机期间 , 因此不要重新辞职 , 不要改变工作 。
this paper summarizes the application of proteinase inhibitor in agriculture and clinic treatment .	本文总结了蛋白酶抑制剂在农业和临床治疗中的应用 。
they rehearse through diligent practice and preparation ; they remain disciplined and professional .	他们经常经常练习和准备 , 仍然是学习和专业 。
since then , however , superstrings have proved a lot more complex than anyone expected .	然而 , 超级字符串比任何人预期更复杂 。
push off on your back and come up right away ! you should be spinning your arms before you get to the flags .	把手放在你的背上 , 回来吧 ! 你应该在你身前放下你的手臂 。
in addition , notetaking is more helpful in answering the general questions than the detailed ones .	另外 , 注意力比详细的一般问题更有帮助 。
" it was a great save , " he added , of de gea's vital stop from robin van persie .	他补充道: " 这是一个很好的节省 , " 他补充道 , 德国·乔治的生命停止从罗宾·瓦尼斯 。
the interbank bond market stock and trading volume accounted for about 90% of the total market .	互联银行债券市场股票和交易量为总市场的90% 。
bin laden’s vow in the 1990’s to bankrupt the us has been partly achieved .	布林登在1990年代 , 巴基斯坦的投票已经成功了 。
those giving other people of their patience and tolerance can win love and care as well as friendship of others .	那些给予他们的爱情和恐怖的人都能赢得爱 , 以及其他朋友的朋友 。
they think in the next 25to 30years , robots and humans will be able to talk .	他们认为下一个25到30年的30年 , 机器人和人类都能说话 。
financial scams are also a threat , with senior citizens often being targeted .	金融场景也是威胁 , 高级公民经常被目标 。
later in the week , the kenyans waltzed off with gold medal in the steeplechase .	后来 , 肯尼亚人在睡眠中走了金牌 。
jesus raised his friend lazarus from the dead . lazarus had been dead for four days .	耶稣从死亡中提高了他的朋友懒惰 。 拉扎斯已经死了四天 。
there are many rays of innovation between lines in the reprot of the sixteenth congress .	六十年的国会重新创新之间有许多比赛 。
q: did the myanmar government give china any indication that it was about to move on the kokang area ?	问: , 缅甸政府给中国任何指示 , 是否会在康克当地移动吗 ?
third , learn english , study abroad , studies abroad , marry a foreigner .	第三 , 学习英语 , 学习外国 , 学习外国人 。
the bright meteor was spotted across the uk , leaving a vivid green trail .	英国的亮色集成器在英国 , 留下一个vivivivivivivivivivivivivivivid绿色的火车 。
nuon chea , in his early 80s , is the group's senior surviving member .	在他的早期80年代 , 是集团的高级生存会员 。
we might tell him that what he really needs to do is just look deep within and be true to himself .	我们可能告诉他 , 他真正需要做的事情只是在他身上看到深处 , 真正的是真正的 。
michael leechin crystal , royal ontario museum ; toronto , canada	迈克尔·李金晶体 , 皇家的博物馆 ; 罗伦多 , 加拿大 , 加拿大加拿大 。
however , in 1555 , her spiritual pilgrimage took a more serious turn .	然而 , 在15555年 , 她的精神的精神法律也有更严重的转变 。
now we discussed her fear of death and doubts about – yet yearning for – an afterlife .	现在我们讨论了她死亡的恐惧 , 并且怀疑今年还是一年 。
thirty minutes later , she presented simran with a cd of her first recorded song .	第三十分钟后 , 她和她第一次记录的歌曲 。
so it was no wonder that strippy was so highstrung , lacking freedom and exercise .	因此 , 没有想到 , 快乐 , 缺乏自由和运动 。
scenario 2: modeling cyclic behavior focuses on the modeling of iterative behaviors .	屏幕2:建立周期行为集中在迭代行为模型上 。
george romney , english portrait painter , died at kendal in cumbria .	乔治·罗姆尼 , 英语肖像画家 , 死在肿瘤 。
i mean , we're losing our people skills because of the wonderful technology is there .	我意味着 , 我们失去了我们的人们技能 , 因为这里很有趣的技术在那里 。
as we continue to improve , though , our techniques should become more and more transparent .	尽管我们继续提高 , 但我们的技术应该成为更多的透明性 。
well , i got into bed again , and five minutes later there came a bang at the door .	好的 , 我又进入床上 , 五分钟后来 , 门上有一个黄色 。
the sense of ownership of a poem: ask vast earth , who advocate ups and downs ?	一个诗歌的主体感觉:问大地 , 谁倡导和下降 ?
bradley was able to witness his parents' marriage at christmastime that year .	bradley能够看到他的父母的婚姻在圣诞节的时候才能见到他的父母的婚姻 。
and the only difference between this and what's written conventionally is the way the constant is labeled .	而且 , 这个问题的唯一差异与传统的写作是常规的路径 。
he had learned from earlier writers , like ring lardner and sherwood anderson .	他从早期的作家学习了 , 像戒指的lardardner和sherwoodandoron 。
small instruments are inserted through the incisions to remove the tissue and adhesions .	小型仪器被装入到了减少组织和粘附 。
physical tests , health tests , all those kind of things , like screenings , you know .	物理测试 , 健康测试 , 各种类型的事物 , 如屏幕 , 你知道 。
q mr . president , tied in with the jobs situation i think is the education system .	问先生 , 与工作状况有关 , 我认为是教育系统 。
our club invites a great deal of famous martial names as coaches and consultants .	我们的俱乐部邀请了一个著名的婚姻名字作为教练和咨询者 。
pants with " juicy " written across the heinie . i'm gonna wear that ?	带着 " 陪审 " 写着河尼的书写 , 我是否穿过那个吗 ?
the chapter ended all too quickly ; war , fear and politics divided us again .	第二章完成了太快了 ; 恐惧和政治分为我们 。
it could have been corrupted because a virus was inside of it so it was making foreign proteins .	这种病毒可能被腐败 , 因为病毒是在它内部的 , 因此它正在制作外部蛋白 。
the ointment of montmorillonite oxide fit the nation standard and is safety to human .	莫蒙蒙蒙蒙蒙蒙蒙古石混合国标准 , 安全是人类的安全 。
so i'm on the road a bit , and i hold meetings , sometimes at the client's place .	所以我在路上 , 我还在举行会议 , 有时候在客户的地方 。
the author adds some new code to the basic kiva3v program and makes compilation of it .	作者对基本kiva3v项目添加了一些新的代码 , 并将其编译成 。
if i owned only walking shoes , i wouldn’t be able to wear skirts or dresses .	如果我只是走鞋子 , 我就不能穿裙子或衣服 。
he obtained , however , the recognition and approbation of the congregation of albi .	然而 , 他得到了认识和批准 。
discuss the effectiveness of sexual abstinence programs in the fight against stds .	论述了对抗std战斗中性吸收计划的有效性 。
have you ever found that the corners of the square things always damage easily ?	你曾经发现 , 平方的角落总是很容易损害 ?
i thought of the early polar explorers as i braced myself for the walk .	我想到早期的探险者 , 就像我自己一样把自己带来走 。
nu wa felt sorrowful at all these happenings and decided to repair the sky .	nuuwa觉得所有发生的事情很难 , 并决定修复天空 。
concurrent chemoradio therapy might be the mainstream approach of cervical cancer .	急性化疗治疗可能是临床癌的主要途径 。
family counselors remind parents not to take what a child says as the gospel truth .	家庭咨询人员提醒父母不要把孩子们当作高管真理 。
net . py displays the energy level of any given pattern or node array .	py显示任何给定模式或节点阵列的能量级别 。
usually , switching to the midgrade or premiumgrade gasoline will remove the knock .	通常 , 交换到中级或初级的气体将删除锁 。
but in future chips , cores’ bandwidth requirements could fluctuate wildly .	但是在未来的芯片中 , 玉米的带宽要求可以轻松地流动 。
in this project , we plan to design an audiovisual aid system based on the virtual acoustics .	在这项项项目中 , 我们计划在虚拟声学中设计一个基于虚拟声学系统的音频辅助系统 。
rice , cotton and vegetable seeds are sometimes grown in special seedbeds .	稻米、棉花和蔬菜种子有时在特种种种子中生长 。
enjoying life takes time to appreciate the natural and cultural richness around us .	享受生活的时候 , 欣赏我们周围的自然和文化丰富 。
wakeboarding festivals and competitions have been held in singapore and hong kong .	在新加坡和香港举行的时候 , 醒板节日和竞争已举行 。
the mother of one of the girls , ronnda zezula , welcomed the apology .	一个女孩的母亲 , 罗伦敦zezula , 欢迎了博客 。
the polish writer sought out gran , then in her late 80s , in paris in 2003 .	2003年 , 邮政作家认为 , 然后在她的80年末 , 在巴黎 。
seventeen bike , with the wind , you wore she walked through the life of flowering splendid .	七十年的汽车 , 随着风 , 你想穿过飞机的生命 。
where mr kirchner seemed to relish confrontation , she ran as a consensusbuilder .	克莱克纳先生似乎在哪里 , 她跑到了一名建筑师 。
dioxins are highly poisonous to the cells of our bodies . don't freeze your .	二氧化物在我们身体的细胞中很有可能 , 不要把你的细胞放在你身上 。
but i need to deal with such issues in person . my source will not be based on this grapevine manner .	但是我需要在人类中处理这样的问题 , 我的源头就不会根据这款grapevinemanner 。
" well , " said the child , " she went into the church with one man and came out with another ! "	" 是的 , " 孩子说 , " 她和一个人走进教堂 , 再来了 ! "
i can't do anything in america . i just don't want to have any stories written about me .	我不能在美国做任何事情 , 我只是想写任何关于我的故事 。
here , in three installments , are overthetransom reports from people who have written in from china .	这里 , 在这里 , 三个安装中 , 是从中国人写的超级报道 。
in the case presented in this article , the documentliteral with unwrapped style is a fit .	本文介绍了在本文中 , 文档的文档文档式是一个适合的 。
the swans rose again , hovered in a circle , awaiting the results of their labors .	游泳再次升起来 , 在一个圆形上 , 等待他们的实验室的结果 。
i wrote this one in the middle of recording and it really all happened by accident !	我在记录中期写了这个记录中期 , 真正发生了事故 !
kneed me in the chest and pounded my lower belly with their fists until i passed out .	把我放在胸部 , 把我的下面的肚子放在下面 , 直到我走出来 。
the same is true of major quest mobs – they all appear in instanced areas of the world .	同样的是世界上最重要的移动 , 他们都出现了所有的例如地区 。
mottaki said washington needs to " change its behavior " if it wants new relations with iran .	莫特兰克说 , 华盛顿需要 " 改变其行为 " 如果希望与伊朗的新关系 。
you could simply set width to 200 and height to 45 , and then accept the consequences .	你可以简单地设置宽度200至45 , 高到45 , 然后接受后果 。
this is a table that can be used for working , entertaining and , well , just generally swooning over .	这是一个桌子可以用于工作、娱乐、好的桌子 , 通常会打开 。
so when i move the circle it will act as a real axe . this image makes it more clear .	所以当我移动循环时 , 就像一个真正的ax一样 , 这个图像让它更清晰 。
anticatholicism is very much strongly entrenched in the british sense of who they were .	抗肿瘤主义非常强烈地进入英国意识的英国意识 。
astronomers have unveiled the most complete 3d map of the local universe ever created .	天文学家们已经发现了当地宇宙最完全的3d映射 。
for any enquiries , please contact us at 2406 8050 or visit our website .	对于任何设备来说 , 请在2406806年或访问我们网站 。
it may not be as glitzy as the past one but could be better for average working men and woman .	它可能不像过去一个人一样 , 但是可以更好地为平均工作男人和女人 。
outbreaks in numerous other african countries are currently under investigation .	目前 , 大量其他其他国家的爆炸是目前在调查中 。
by 1920 , the rules mandating three hits per side and backrow attacks were instituted .	到1920年 , 每个侧和背部攻击的规则被调用 。
you can only be blest and have peace and sweet rest , as you yield him your body and soul .	你只能简单 , 还有和平和甜蜜的休息 , 因为你把身体和灵魂产生他身体和灵魂 。
in this paper , a decomposability theorem is presented and proved by differentiable manifolds theories .	本文提出了一种可分辨的可分辨度理论 , 并给出了一种可分散的可分解理论 。
they toured the forbidden city , where the chinese emperors had once lived in lofty splendor .	他们旅游了阿伯登市 , 中国皇帝曾经在洛杉矶的春天生活在那里 。
many people on kauai believe that this is lemuria – a lost island in the atlantic .	许多人相信 , 这个是莱姆里亚-----在伊斯兰的失去岛屿 。
results: no toxicities , teratogenicity and mutagenicity were founded during the tests in above .	结果:在上述测试中 , 没有毒性、抗原性和突变性 。
instead of taking days to complete , the simulated process can run in mere seconds .	相反 , 同时 , 模拟过程可以运行第二个 。
performance isn't linked to pay pay is really determined by market forces and budget .	表现并没有链接为市场力量和预算的确定 。
" i want to keep going . at least for another decade or two , " he said with a smile .	他说: " 我想保持一下 , 至少几十年或两年 , 至少有微笑 。 "
squatting by one of the walls , i took a little book from my knapsack .	用墙壁的方方方方方方方 , 我从我卡纳普斯的小书中拿了一本小书 。
abbr . wa , wash . a state of the northwest united states on the pacific ocean .	美国在太平洋上 , 华华 。 华德 , 北美的一个州 。
rappaccini looked surprised . " what do you mean , my daughter ? " he asked .	拉克科尼看起来很惊讶 , " 你是什么意思 , 我的女儿 ? " 他问道 。
however , these i don't care , only to find the drinks here no sands tastiness just .	然而 , 这些我不关心 , 只有找到饮料 , 只有在这里没有沙漠的味道 。
bonera has a problem to the adductor and we hope to recover him and seedorf for next week .	骨头有一个问题 , 我们希望在下周重新恢复他和种子 。
if you smell me , smell the smell of thick come really makes people want to eat one .	如果你闻起我 , 闻到厚的闻名真的让人们想吃一点 。
when you are finished testing your new action , close the editor for helloapp . pli .	当你完成测试你的新行动时 , 关闭了helloapp的编辑器 。
art requires you to spend some time with it , to contemplate and think , leave and return .	艺术要求你花一些时间 , 用它来完成和思维 , 留下和回来 。
the nonlinear kinetic characters of landslip action are complex , exoteric and dissipated .	陆地slip行动的非线性动力学特征是复杂的、外部和消除 。
book value per share was $5 . 33 , up from $5 . 28 in the prior quarter .	每股股价每股价为5.33美元 , 每股价每股5.28美元 。
what are the real barriers to effective implementation and how have some organizations been able to overcome these ?	真正的障碍者为了有效实现 , 如何有些组织能够超越这些呢 ?
effects of broccoli with 1 mcp treatment and ma package during storage were studied .	研究了1mcp处理和磁包在存储过程中产生的broccoli的效果 。
jim can't move the mouth of his mask . he doesn't have enough muscle in his lips .	吉姆不能移动他的马克的嘴巴 , 他没有足够的肌肉 。
in the front of the shaoxing work received the letter , sister szabics with myriad heart .	在共享工作的前面 , 接到信 , 姐妹们与神经心的悲伤 。
now , it turns out that that assumption , standardly built into the usual label , may be false .	现在 , 它改变了假设 , 标准建立通用的标签 , 可能是假设 。
based on this , g5 dynamic system measuring online of membrane thickness has been designed successfully .	在此基础上 , 设计了膜厚度的g5动力学系统 , 成功地设计了膜厚度的动态系统 。
the project also sought to store the information so that it would be available for research and medical purposes .	项目还想要存储信息 , 这样它可以用于研究和医学目标的研究和医学目标 。
this paper putted forward countermeasure and suggestion through comparing domestic and foreign real estate finance .	本文通过比较国内外房地产金融的比较 , 提出了对策和建议 。
in this paper , the work is concerned with a class of fuzzy retarded integrodifferential equations .	本文介绍了一种模糊重新整合方程的整合性方程 。
floodwaters are still rising after this week's heavy downpours across parts of ohio .	洪水仍然在在本周的重量下降之后仍然在上升 。
this is that little extracritical voice in our heads , externalized and projected onto others ;	这是我们的头部 , 外部化和投入到其他人 ;
somatic nuclear transfer in mammalian has achieved many offspring during the development in the past a few years .	数年来 , 马马马里亚的智能转移已经在过去几年的发展中得到了很多缺点 。
in a sense the price of oil is playing the role that interest rates often play when an economy overheats .	在某种意义上 , 石油价格正在玩耍经济过热的时候 , 通常会玩到兴趣的作用 。
tonnage of whiteflecked stone quarried in spain and finished in italy: 430 tons .	在意大利 , 430吨 , 白石的年龄在西班牙 , 完成了意大利:430吨 。
all the above motivate people , but few bosses have the ability to truly inspire their employees .	上面的所有人都活动 , 但是几个老板都有能力真正激励他们的员工 。
fuzhou boland garments co . , ltd . is your most trusted supplier of apparel inventory .	福州波兰花园有限公司是您最信任的供应商 。
and though we have no control over genetics , there are other contributing factors that cause cellulite you can control .	尽管我们没有控制过遗传学 , 但是有其他的贡献因素 , 你可以控制 。
so how do you create a personal brand ? cloth boy network point of view of the following points .	所以如何创建一个个人品牌 ? 布局男孩网络观点的观点 。
chapter 53 is regional anesthesia superior to general anesthesia for hip surgery ?	第五十三章是区域性分析师 , 总结了iip手术的综合征 ?
features 6 opening windows , a telescope and sextant as well as 3 deck lanterns !	特征6开放窗口 , 电话窗和性能剂 , 还有3个钟灯 !
when i visited beijing , a student of mr . xia presented me with a photo of his teacher .	当我访问北京时 , 一名学生在小夏先生与老师的照片给我带来了我 。
boseeinstein condensate is that a large number of identical particles occupy the same quantum state .	希腊蛋白含量是同一量子状态的大量子粒子的数量 。
the company says having two kinds of high definition dvds on the market has led to confusion with the buying public .	本公司说 , 在市场上拥有两种高定义dvdds的高度定义dvds , 使得购买公众混淆 。
you said that they called out to our imaginations in a way that big budget films can no longer achieve .	你们说 , 他们对我们的想象来说 , 大量预算电影无法实现 。
bruce lindsey , clinton's close friend and special assistant for personnel , supported her .	布鲁斯林顿的亲密朋友和特别助理人 , 支持她 。
humans cannot hunt our kingdom as another fully conscious species without hunting yourselves ;	人类不能把我们的王国作为另一个完全意识的物种 , 没有伤害自己 ;
the act of blipping refers to the act of linking to a song and attaching a 150 character comment to it .	简单的行为是指链接到一个歌曲的行为 , 并将一个150个字符评论到它 。
do not use in condition of pregnancy , epilepsy , cardiac , hypertension , braindamage .	不使用妊娠、癫痫、心脏、高血压、脑梗死等情况 。
the dynamical model of the system was developed , and the numerical results of the dynamical equations were obtained .	建立了系统的动态模型 , 并得到了动态方程的数值计算结果 。
these will help you to progress improve technic , tone and of course embouchure , if done dilligently .	这些将帮助你进步进步进步 , 更加进步的技术 , 当然 , 当然 , 就会忽略地调整 。
the formulation and evaluation of a 10w/30 qe/cc grade engine oil are presented in this article .	本文介绍了10w/30c级发动机油的形成和评价 。
all of these artifacts require maintenance , have to be worked around , and scrapped if business needs change .	所有这些艺术都需要维护 , 必须在业务需要改变时工作 , 并且在业务需要改变 。
no questions . caldwellhad made a living riding the consoles of the union's capsule hotels .	没有问题 , 卡尔韦韦哈德的住在一家联合国广场酒店的组成部分 。
a new thyristor mediumfrequency power supply startup circuit is introduced in this article .	本文介绍了一种在此基础上 , 介绍了一种新型的非频率电路 。
dr . albert schweitzer's vocation led him to set up a medical clinic in africa .	阿尔伯特博士的声音使他在非洲设立医疗临床诊所 。
the cells were passaged by mechanical methods , frozen and thawed by general procedure .	细胞是由机械方法、冻结和一般程序传递的细胞 。
chapter four analyzes the influence of patronage on translation in the late qing dynasty .	第四章分析了清代末期的过渡对晚清时期的影响 。
the evaporation step is followed by calcination to produce the desired nanosized structure .	通过计算 , 通过计算 , 产生了纳米化结构的需求 。
common relaxation techniques include meditation , mindfulness , tai chi and yoga .	常见的放松技术包括冥想、心灵、太阳和瑜伽 。
that is a leapingoff point . you can also register a . mobi domain that is dedicated to mobile content .	这是一个泄漏的点 , 还可以重新注册一个.移动域 , 可以将内容放置到移动内容 。
the obtained cryptosystem modifies the class of mc public key cryptosystems .	获得了晶体系统修改mc公关键系统的类型 。
my home country is croatia . i was born in and raised in what used to be the former yugoslavia ,	我的家乡是克罗塔利亚 , 我出生在什么时候 , 在那里 , 曾经是前奥斯兰维亚 。
the present invention relates to one kind of decalcomania paper for porcelain surface decoration and its usage .	本发明涉及一种用于porcelain表面装饰和其使用 。
in the second part , the litigation value and theory basis of discretional nonprosecution was discussed .	第二部分 , 讨论了分散非复杂的理论依据 。
an iodinebased contrast is injected into the bloodstream and watched as it travels around .	一种基于碘的合同被注射到血流中 , 看着它周围的旅行 。
if you want to get rid of your old computer , options include recycling , reselling , and donating .	如果你想收到旧电脑 , 选项包括回收、回收、回收和捐款 。
in this paper , the solutions of distributed index construction and distributed retrieval are also discoursed .	本文还讨论了分布指数建设和分布检索的解决方案 。
because we had this kind of antiseptic separation between suffering and nonsuffering until we are the one suffering .	因为我们有这样的抗极分离 , 直到我们是一个受害的 。
the environmental resources have rareness , should consider the environmental cost in economic development .	环境资源很少 , 应考虑经济发展的环境成本 。
all major policy changes in china have been the result of a process of trial and error on a limited scale .	中国所有的主要政策变化都是有限规模的过程和错误的结果 。
he sent his sinless son to bear the full brunt of the penalty we deserved to suffer .	他送了他的无罪的儿子 , 为了承认我们为了遭受的惩罚 。
our teachers encouraged us to find as many ways as possible to work out this mathematics problem . 34 .	我们的老师鼓励我们找到很多方法 , 就像有可能在数学问题上工作的数学问题 。 34岁 。
so , when supply chains shriveled , entrepreneurial ohmori became a manufacturer .	所以 , 当供应链的时候 , 进入家庭ohmori成为制造商 。
thangkas are usually rectangular in shape , and the square ones are reserved for mandalas .	感谢者通常在形状上变化 , 平方人被储存 。
be that as it may, the nerve poison does its business with man far more quickly than the blood poison .	正如此 , 神经病毒毒毒毒的业务比血毒素更快 。
the main sound box uses the edges and corners distinct rectangle design , the line succinct sprightly .	主要的声音箱使用边缘和角落分角设计 , 直接成功 。
webapp . net use xml to allow multipart asynchronous rendering and contnt update .	我们bapp.nbat使用xml来允许多par异步转换器和配置更新 。
from time to time , " peeping " gloomy alley came from the missing job workers of drinking voice .	从时间到时候 , " 佩戴 " 全球合金从错误的工作人员喝声音的工作人员来到 。
patricia neal raised money for children and adults who had suffered brain injuries .	巴特里亚尼亚州的孩子和成年人受伤的大脑损伤 。
kiting – an inexperienced player will attempt to follow a mechapede with their vehicles .	凯特---一个经验的球员会试图跟随他们的车辆配备 。
timmy: but i'm 1 ) allergic to cats . keeping a cat wouldn't be fun for me .	妈妈:但我是1 ) 爱好猫 , 保持猫不会对我感到很有趣 。
define templates—the rules architect defines artifacts and templates using the brm tool .	定义模板-规则架构师定义了使用rm工具的艺术和模板 。
bush will more than likely wait until this month , when his secondterm officially starts , to make a move .	布什将超过几个月 , 直到这个月 , 当他的第二季开始时 , 他就开始了 , 做一个移动 。
for example , you can combine one feed from bugzilla and another feed from the source control management systems .	例如 , 您可以从bugzilla和另一个由源控制系统组成一个喂料 。
kolli says the drought in the horn of africa came as no surprise to meteorologists .	库尔利说 , 在非洲的马上 , 没有惊讶的气候学家 。
because the fire mechanism of a small cluster tear bomb is complex , there is not a set of sophisticated theories .	由于小集群的火火焰机理是复杂的 , 没有一套相对的理论 。
multicore and gpu based systems are here and harnessing that power is hard with todays programming models .	多功率和gpu的系统在这里 , 与今天编程模式的功率很难 。
after treatment with shen fu tang , some patients's symptoms have improved evidently .	治疗后 , 一些患者的症状明显提高 。
you're too much for me , ennis , you son of a whoreson bitch . i wish i knew how to quit you .	你对我来说太多了 , 你们的儿子 , 我希望我知道如何查询你 。
in addition , there is a 1015 page final term paper based on a topic of the student's choice .	另外 , 还有1015页的最后一篇文章 , 基于学生选择的主题 。
mary eventually left maimi , obtained a good education , and fostered her natural music ability .	玛丽最终离开马莫伊 , 获得了良好的教育 , 并给她自然音乐能力 。
anger can cause you to blame others for your problems and you may feel like getting revenge on those that have mistreated you .	愤怒可以导致你为你的问题做出责任 , 你可能感到像你那样失去了你那样的收入 。
the judge previously has said he might approve the contracts even over katherine jackson's objection .	前来的法官表示 , 他甚至可能批准韩国杰克逊的对象 。
we have two major categories of products , one is file centric apps and another is database centric apps .	我们有两类产品的主要类别 , 一个是文件中心应用程序和另一个是数据库中心应用程序 。
teachers often told me to see the patient after the talk saying that a lot of reason all i have been heeded .	老师经常告诉我在谈话之后 , 说过很多原因 , 我曾经被加入了 。
and then there's that second , threefootlong horn on the woolly rhino: it was wide and flat .	然后 , 第二 , 三英尺长的马上有三英尺的rhino:它广阔和平板 。
yet i would rather see a young person pray prayers from the heart than the most eloquent rote prayer .	然而 , 我会看到一名年轻人祷告祷告的祷告 , 比最平等的玫瑰祷告 。
“it’s an arcane means of communication , which for the most part should be abolished , ” she told me .	她告诉我: " 这是一个阿拉卡纳的意思 , 这是最应该被废弃的 , " 她告诉我 。
i am happy to see her play much better in hong kong ; i think she will not disappoint in the final round .	我很高兴看到她在香港玩得更好 , 我觉得她不会在最后一轮失望 。
" being plucked from obscurity is a bit like , you know , going on a long journey , " boyle said .	男孩说: " 从肥胖度来看 , 你知道 , 你会知道 , 长期旅行 , " 男孩说 。
'the obvious advantage of using your hands is that you always have them with you , ' says sian porter .	" 使用你的手中很明显的优势是你总是拥有他们 , " 西安港口说道 。
he said , during a drinking session in pub , one of his staffs joked that they should put vitamin in their undies .	他说 , 在一个饮料会议中 , 他的一名工作人员们应该在他们周末放弃维生素 。
on the other hand , your weight loss is in fact a continuous function , so each piece of data should be attached .	另一方面 , 您的重量损失实际上是连续功能 , 所以每一块数据都应该安装 。
no problem is permanent . storms always give way to the sun . winter always thaws into springtime .	无论是永久的 , 暴雨总是给太阳带来了 。 冬天总是在春天 。
the stamps depict the actress as holly golightly in the film breakfast at tiffany's .	这些活动在泰坦尼的电影中 , 就像好莱的演员一样轻轻轻地在电影中打破了 。
my wife went through my phone and uhm , may be calling you . so if you can , please take your name off that .	我妻子走过我的电话和uhm , 可能叫你 。 所以如果你可以 , 请把你的名字放在那里 。
right . this is the brochure for mexico , yucatan is at the back , and this is the brochure for guatemala .	是的 , 这是墨西哥的弟弟弟 , 教育是背后的 , 这是保罗马拉的弟弟弟 。
our identity is tied to the value that we bring into the world and historically that value means our profession .	我们的身份被绑定到世界和历史上的价值 , 意味着我们的专业 。
functionally , pump station are either gathering stations or trunk line stations , and in some cases both .	功能上 , 泵站还是在收集站或信任线站 , 并且在某些情况下都有些情况下 。
experiment boldly . rip off the greats , and the goods as well . mimick and make it your own . try and err .	实验上涨 , 还有货物 。 米米克和你自己 。 试图和错误 。
compared the two methods , the results of power characteristic number method are better than that of shearing force decomposition method .	比较了两种方法 , 分析了焊接力分解方法的功率数字法 , 比较了焊接力分解法的效果较好 。
m: well , i would not try to feed those little critters if i were you , they bite and can carry diseases .	嗯 , 我不会试图把这些小批评者放在你身上 , 如果我是你 , 他们是白人 , 可以携带疾病 。
researches on pure shear behaviors of dd3 single crystal are experimentally carried out for the first time .	第一次对ddd3单晶的纯剪切性能进行了实验研究 。
under a series of the decoration of the clever and witty , commandos firefight , outwit the armory .	在一系列清洁和风的装饰下 , 命令防火 , 外面军队 。
you'll see two councilmen , a union official , a couple of offduty cops , and a judge .	你会看到两个委员会 , 一个联合国官员 , 一个负责的副本 , 以及法官 。
avoid alcohol and aspirin while using methotrexate and misoprostol for a medical abortion .	避免酒精和阿司匹林 , 使用甲酸氧化物和微观固醇为医学吸收 。
thirdly , commercial banks should speed up disposing of nonperforming loan by various means .	第三 , 商业银行应该通过各种手段分配贷款 。
which brings us to my final piece of advice ; don’t try to extract from what doesn’t exist .	这让我们带来了我最终的建议 , 不要从什么不存在的事情中提取 。
talking about the fast charge of accumulator for the mine explosionproof electric locomotive ;	谈论了石油开发电机的快速电荷 ;
some cities are studying the halfway measure of banning them from bicycle lanes while permitting them on streets .	一些城市正在研究半途径的措施 , 同时在街上允许他们在街上进行自行周期的延伸 。
li founded dayang in september 1979 with 85 employees , according to its web site .	1979年9月 , 李先生在1979年9月建立了一天 , 85名员工 。
in this network the regional concept is limitlessly extended on informationization express highway .	在这个网络中 , 区域概念有限地扩展信息化公路 。
i suggest we go to xxxx factory tomorrow morning , and go back to hangzhou from there , is that ok ?	我建议我们今天早上xxxx工厂明天上午 , 回到杭州 , 好吗 ?
we should learn how to face failure or misfortune bravely and generously and to try to deal with it .	我们应该学习如何面对失败或错误 , 并且一般来说 , 试图与它交换 。
that means big birds have to evolve different molting patterns to deal with their slowpoke feathers .	这意味着大鸟必须进化不同的移动模式 , 以便与它们缓慢的天气交换 。
table iii: solubility of the drugs , polymer and filler used in the study , in water and alcohol .	表ii:药物的溶性、聚合物和填充剂在研究中使用 , 水和酒精 。
" so , when it comes time for dinner , " he says , " pasta sauce without added sugar tastes bland .	" 所以 , 当它来了晚餐时 , " 他说 , " 巴萨萨萨塔没有添加糖味道 。
china hp also hosts another important it event each year aimed for endusers called hp electronic world .	中国的hp也希望每年的另一个重要事件 , 每年都称为hp电子世界 。
he knew that xinjian was considered inferior and that a better school might help her find a better life .	他知道 , 新疆被考虑了 , 更好的学校可能帮助她找到更好的生活 。
this example is an ifthen rule ; therefore , you would see the if condition and its corresponding action .	例如 , 这个例子是一个ifthen规则 ; 因此 , 您会看到如果条件和相应的行动 。
they introduced bittorrent support ; browser gestures ; a nice mobile version . . .	他们介绍了bitterent支持 ; 浏览器边缘 ; 一个好的移动版本 。
in such situations , the endpoint address used at development time is simply a placeholder , and is rarely used .	在这样的情况下 , 开发时间的内点地址只是一个位置器 , 并且很少使用 。
impressed with her abilities , vozda offered fiolla a job in corporate sector law enforcement .	与她的能力 , vozda提供了一个在企业部门法律实施的工作 。
pincer and shock trooper ships were falling out of the sky like ducks on a bad day at the marsh .	马什的一天 , 皮ncer和鞋子的船只从天空中落出来 , 像鸭子一样在一个坏天上 。
objective: to analyse the effects of intertrochanteric fracture with dhs internal fixation in 60 cases .	目的:探讨60例内固定dhs内固定的影响 。
the measurement of vector voltage can be got from the discrete sequential data of a sampled singal .	测量矢量电压的测量 , 可以从样本的单元数据中获得离散的序列数据 。
lillian:what if i tell her in a very nice way and bring her a sandwich to make her happy ?	莉莉莉亚:如果我告诉她在很好的路上 , 带着她的沙丘来让她快乐吗 ?
the rockery , or peak , or shore , or mound or point to the role of the park in a certain extent .	岩石 , 矿石或矿石 , 或矿石或矿石 , 或者指出一定程度的角色 。
you may want to say , " what do you mean by 'the self is vast' isn't that just spiritual claptrap ? "	你可能想说 , " 你是什么意思 , " 自我不仅是精神崩溃 ? "
nasolabial angle only reflected change of upper lip , but could not reflect characters of facial profile .	纳索伯角只反映了上唇上唇的变化 , 但不能反映面部的特征 。
mavs coach rick carlisle said: " i'm so happy for him . i'm so happy for dirk . "	马夫教练里克·卡利斯勒说: " 我很高兴他 , 我很快乐 , 我很高兴吃饭 。 "
a new orders subindex fell slightly to 52 . 5 in october from 52 . 8 in september .	一个新订单指数下跌至52.8年10月52.8点 。
ibm filed an application for his green card for permanent residence in 2004 , and he has yet to receive it .	ibm在2004年为他的绿色的居民提供了一个应用程序 , 并且他仍然收到了它 。
3 coal mine , the article puts forward an automatic control system of mine pump house based on plc .	本文提出了一种基于plc的矿床泵的自动控制系统 。
in those early days it moved men , it opened prison doors and made missionaries out of members .	在那些早期的时候 , 它打开了监狱门 , 并且从成员开放了任务 。
conversely , using ctrl+c and ctrl+v to build new implementations takes only seconds .	相反 , 使用ctrl++c和ctrl+v建立新的实现只有二秒 。
the release of seawater from the rock will raise sea levels over time , but not by much , says schrag .	克拉格说 , 海水的释放将会提高海水的时间 , 但是不多 , 沙拉格说 。
anyone diving from it to the pool would have to make an almost perfect dive or be splattered on the rocks .	任何人死在池塘里 , 必须让几乎完美的死亡或是在岩石上延迟 。
the serum was transported from anchorage to nenana by train where the first musher picked up the serum .	血清从锚固到尼纳纳纳纳纳纳的训练中 , 第一次穆斯兰被抓住了血清 。
and love happens to people of all ages , because one's internal life changes , as well as one's opportunities .	爱情发生了所有年龄的人 , 因为一个人的内部生活变化 , 以及一个人的机会 。
the chief suspect in the attack was al shabaab , a u . s . designated terrorist group that u .	攻击的首席嫌疑是阿尔巴巴巴巴巴巴伯 , 美国设计的恐怖团体 。
for you this year , cheers for you today , tomorrow for your blessing: appearance and youth beautiful mood !	今年 , 谢谢你今天 , 明天为你的祝福:出现和青年美丽的情绪 !
the reason we say nondual though is because anytime you think of one , it’s always in reference to many .	虽然我们说不平均的原因是因为你想到的一个时候 , 总是参考许多 。
this year , he's getting 30 percent of his baskets off dunks , and only 68 percent are assisted .	今年 , 他已经获得了30%的篮子 , 只有68%的篮子 。
equipment is also much more basic , involves fewer slots , and is all handled on a 3d paperdoll .	设备还有更多的基本 , 涉及少的脚 , 并且所有在3ddoll上处理 。
fig2 . the ring only shows up in meetings with vip clients to label its owner married and reliable...	图2.环只展示了与vip客户合作的会议 , 以实现自己的主人结婚和可靠...
gas prices alone surged 3 . 3% in april , and are up 33 . 1% over the past year .	每年4月 , 汽油价格上涨3.3% , 过去年上涨33.1% 。
obama stood and walked over to make small talk with pool reporters as roberts donned his black robe .	奥巴马站起来 , 随着罗伯特向他的黑色罗伯特·罗伯特斯捐赠了他的黑色玫瑰 。
situated at the beautiful and fertile town—ruian , which is " the motorcycle of china " .	位于美丽的城镇 , 俄罗斯 , 这是中国的摩托车 。
strongly appeal on the change in the role of primary school teachers in curriculum innovation .	在课程创新中 , 强烈应用于初中学教师在课程创新中的作用 。
the slope mine under the town was slowly filled with salt brine making the surface subside .	城下的斜坡矿被缓慢地填充了盐布局的地面 。
ingredients :wheat germ oil , chamomile , lavender , orange blossom , rose .	成分:温暖的德国石油 , 莫米 , 黄色 , 橙色的血液 , 玫瑰 。
look at my feet , grandma frozen stiff decided to make a pair of cloth padded boots .	看看我脚 , 格兰德玛·弗罗森·弗鲁森·斯蒂夫决定制造一双衣服 。
it jumped up and down disrespectfully , mocking the hunting soldiers . it threw a nut at them .	它跳起来 , 分别上下来 , 打猎军队 , 把他们扔下来 。
of course you are bronbron , you're 19 years old . you haven't reached your prime yet .	当然 , 你是铜铜 , 你是19岁的 。 你还没有达到你的原始 。
the methods of how to use additive reasonably and improve the quality of cathode coppers are discussed .	讨论了如何使用更合理的方法 , 并提高了cathode铜的质量 。
the machine is a set of sharpening and polishing highprecision dualfunction in one of the sharpener .	机器是一种形状和高精度双重功能的形状 , 是一种形状的高精度双重功能 。
one thing absolute monarchs don't want is they don't want impediments to their personal rule .	一个事情绝对不想要的是他们不想要实现他们的个人规则 。
lapd swat is very highly regarded as probably the best urban swat team in the country .	拉普德汗非常高度被认为是全国最好的城市游泳团队 。
room 905 , jinli mansion , no . 115 beizhan road , shenhe district , shenyang .	房间905 , 金利经理 , 115年北京 , 沈阳区 , 沈阳 。
our girls never second guess themselves and they don’t talk themselves out of anything .	我们的女孩从来没有第二个猜测自己 , 他们不会谈论自己的事情 。
methods:the serological results of measles uncertain patients of 2006 in tangshan were analyzed .	方法:分析了2006年唐山2006年不确定患者的临床效果 。
trash , wooden pallets and any other flammable material must be removed from areas of hot work .	垃圾 , 木板和其他可燃材料必须从热量工作领域删除 。
does the existence of this informal relationship give you the right to stretch the rules of the work environment ?	这个信息关系的存在 , 让你对工作环境的规则有权 ?
third , cover your tactics , psychological tactics is to protect the manipulation tool .	第三 , 把你的战术覆盖 , 心理战术是保护管理工具 。
in the third part of my paper i mainly elaborate the theory of ecosocialism and the commence on it .	在第三部分中 , 我主要阐述了生态主义理论的理论 , 并对其进行通用 。
in this paper , the audio file stored format and the method of restoration the audio waveform are analysed .	本文分析了音频文件存储格式和回收音频波的方法 。
the material can be scorched rubber , flash overflow and unacceptable vulcanized product .	材料可分布橡胶 , 黄色超流及不可容易的紫外化产品 。
many a whale catties battle scars that were left by a squid's fierce struggles .	许多鲸鱼的战斗战斗 , 被安静的渔业斗争留下了很多鲸鱼 。
property damage was estimated to be between $81 and $108 billion , according to noaa .	据诺a说 , 财产损害估计 , 81美元和108亿美元之间的财产损害 。
if it’s a business trip , i am clearly going to bring mostly business casual items .	如果它是一个业务旅行 , 我明显会带来大多数商业的项目 。
at last , literature were unscrambled , arranged , summarized and analyzed earnestly .	最后 , 文献并未成熟 , 总结和分析早期 。
it hasn't been reported that the coelomic fluid of earthworm shows nuclease activity .	据报道 , 地球worm的燃料流动显示了核活动 。
to achieve this in the above example , you use a regular expression to perform the replacement .	为了实现这个例子 , 您使用一个常规的表达来执行更换 。
this paper has described the application of remote sensing technology in environmental monitoring .	本文介绍了远程传感技术在环境监测中的应用 。
simulation ceramics ashes , straight safety mini crystal ceramics glass ;	仿真陶瓷辅助 , 直线安全微米的晶体陶瓷玻璃 ;
they take themselves seriously the appearance of other in part , with be concerned about facesaving about .	他们在其它部分里采取自己的表现 , 关注面对面对面部的面部 。
the allergopharma allergic abstraction was used to detect the allergens with the skin prick test .	用于检测皮肤蛋糕蛋糕蛋白蛋白蛋白蛋白蛋白蛋白蛋白蛋白质的异常性 。
image: coral bleaching in australia’s great barrier reef/matt kiefer , flickr	图像:澳大利亚大利亚的珊瑚礁礁礁礁礁礁石 , 弗里克r , 弗里克 。
for a quick , authentic meal , try the snack stalls down one of the side streets .	为了快速 , 意大利 , 试着那条蛇站在一条边的街道之一 。
a father , who is working hardly as an ironsmith , brings up his son under the hardship of living .	一位父亲 , 很难工作的是铁mith , 带着他的儿子在生活中的艰难 。
in the first chapter of the paper , a review of qsar and docking methods , progress and applications is presented .	本文第一章介绍了qsar和cking方法、进步和应用程序的回顾 。
the research development in catalysts for syndiotactic polymerization of styrene is reviewed .	综述了类型聚合物的催化剂对催化剂的研究发展 。
have you attended a hospital to receive medical treatment or been hospitalised in the past two years ?	你曾经参加医院接受医疗治疗 , 或是在过去两年中医院 ?
abdominal tenderness is noted , and pelvic examination reveals cervical motion tenderness .	腹部紧张度被注意 , 心理检查显示颈椎动力紧张度 。
cats and snakes are traditionally cooked together , given the name " dragon tiger fight " .	猫和蛇是传统烹饪的 , 给了名字 " 龙虎战斗 " 。
the id is also refereed to the pleasure principle , which also represents selfgratification .	id也指出 , 同时也代表了自我认识的原则 。
banks are not lining up to lend money on their own for construction of the newest generation of indian points .	银行并不在他们自己的建设中 , 印度最新一代最新一代的建设上贷款金钱 。
this system can utilize the transmission bandwidth more efficiently and achieve frequency diversity .	本系统可以利用传输带宽更有效地实现频率多样性 。
eventually it puts forward the focus of studying vbased solid solution type hydrogen stora...	最后 , 提出了基于v基于基于基于基于固体解决方案的焦点 。
and the largest source of funds is the sales back to subsection , and has been carried out according to plan .	根据计划 , 最大的资金来源是根据最大的资金来源 。
activated clay is prepared via reation of bentonite and sulfuric acid at high temperature .	通过高温催化剂和硫酸的制备 , 制备了活性clay 。
does your current lease allow you to request that your tenant vacate within a certain period of time ?	您的目前休息允许您请求您在某些时期内的紧张变量吗 ?
wise investing is the surest path to financial independence and it's something everyone can work on .	智慧投资是金融独立的最终路径 , 每个人都可以在工作 。
with thoughtful service and harmonious atmosphere , the nursing home is really the home of the aged .	随着思想的服务和谐的气氛 , 护理家真正是年龄的房子 。
college staff bought 332 magazines , 44 fiction and 29 nonfiction books .	大学员工买了332个杂志 , 44个功能和29个非影响书 。
mrs . cronin: my dear , why don't you tell me what it is . i'm sure i can help you .	克隆恩先生:我亲爱的 , 为什么不告诉我 , 我确定我能帮助你 。
of course , humans could take over for the missing birds , pollinating by hand and sowing the seeds .	当然 , 人类可能会采取错误的鸟 , 用手污染和污染的种子 。
past efforts to reach a meeting of the minds on health care reform have ended in stalemate .	过去努力达到健康保健改革的心理会议 。
the company has its own research and development bases , and production bases in shangdong , shanghai and shanxi province .	本公司拥有自己的研究基础 , 并在上海、上海和山西省生产基地 。
" let's stay at one of the cheap motels on the edge of town , " kathleen suggested .	" 让我们呆在城镇边缘的廉价电子之一 , " 凯森建议 。
" so questions remain concerning both accuracy and also applicability to other solar cycles , " she said .	她说: " 所以问题仍然担心两个精度 , 也适用于其他太阳周期 , " 她说 。
a tall man with white hair got out . it was albert , the husband of molly's sister .	白头发的高男人 , 老伯特 , 母亲的姐妹的丈夫 。
it's pouring in thailand ! a man walks down a bangkok street in heavy rains .	在泰国 , 一个人走下一条危险的街道 。
in the 1970's , americans avoiding service in the vietnam war arrived and put down roots .	在1970年代 , 美国人避免在越南战争中避免服务 , 并放下根 。
major components: cactus extract cream , olive oil , vitamin b5 , geraniums .	主要成分:活性提取陶瓷 , 橄榄油 , 维生素b5 , 德国 。
in other words , even our worst jobsearch errors are the training ground for greater success .	换句话 , 即使我们最糟糕的工作错误是训练的地方 。
but of the many contrasts given here what i find mostinteresting is sorrowful yet always rejoicing .	但是在这里 , 我发现最有趣的事情是很难重新拒绝的 。
we are surprised to hear about the damage . the order was carefully packed at our factory before shipment .	我们感到惊讶听到损害 , 订单在船上被仔细包装在我们的船上 。
winners take chances . like everyone else , they fear failing , but they refuse to let fear control them .	赢家们采取机会 , 像每个人一样 , 他们担心失败 , 但是他们拒绝控制他们 。
police officers in the city aren't being fully paid and may not even have enough money for gas .	警察官员在城市里没有充分支付 , 甚至还没有足够的资金 。
part 4 learn the process of writing news articles like a reporter in this free journalism training video .	第四部分 , 学习记者在此免费的记者培训视频的过程 。
when there's a strong job market , organizations need to do whatever they can to attract top candidates .	当有一个强大的职业市场时 , 组织需要做任何他们能吸引癌症的事情 。
being put in front of a client for the first time and asked to explain something was a daunting experience .	第一次 , 请求解释某些事情是一个受损的经验 。
don't fall into the trap of believing that because you can't test every line of code , you must test nothing .	不要进入相信 , 因为你不能测试每个代码的所有线程 , 你必须测试任何事情 。
the fifth partita was " the worst bach recording i've ever made . it was also the most pianistic . "	第五党是 " 最糟糕的记录我曾经做过过的记录 , 还是最多的钢琴 。 "
fire and wind raged all around , snapping juniper trees and incinerating the sagebrush .	火火和风吹起了所有的 , 滑雪丛丛林 , 加入青春的年龄 。
the content of this page is from the illy port or illy customs import and export company directory ;	本页面内容是从illy港口或illy自定义进出口公司目录的内容 ;
i have expressed my concern through my paintings which visualising the tension between human and environment .	我曾经通过我的绘画 , 表达了我对人类和环境之间的张力 。
the high efficient allocation of system resource by using multithread application highly improved the system performance .	采用多线程应用程序高效分配系统资源的高效分配 , 提高系统性能 。
in britain , men are recommended not to drink more than 21 units a week and women 14 .	在英国 , 男人建议不要喝21个单元和14个单元 。
the time constant for pnipam in the collapsed state is nearly temperature and concentrationindependent .	在崩溃状态下 , pnam的时间常数近温度和浓度依赖 。
the exterior joinery elements will be in thermosprayed aluminum tinted charcoal gray .	外部的约瑟琳元素将在热处理铝的铝晶粒 。
rotating packed bed is a new highgravity gasliquid masstransfer equipment developed in 1980 .	旋转包装床是1980年开发的一种新型高重力气体质量的设备 。
no matter what language i learn , i always try to look at my cup as ‘half full’ .	无论我学到什么语言 , 我总是试图看我的杯子 " 自我完全 " 的杯子 。
don’t be insulted if a cashier holds your bill up to the light to check its authenticity .	不要被调整 , 如果一名摄像机在照明中保持你的账号 , 以检查其实体性 。
despite the disappointments , milner , lammie and houston argue that dec salt can succeed .	尽管失望 , 米尔米纳 , 拉米和霍斯顿认为 , 盐可以成功 。
the airbus a320 was flying from moscow to geneva when the attempted hijacking occurred .	飞机a320飞机从摩斯科到基内瓦时 , 当试图发生的时候 , 飞机从摩斯科飞到基内瓦 。
owning to the arrangement of the course , 50 students found 6 companies and cheerz company is one of them .	当然 , 50名学生发现6家公司和切尔兹公司是其中一家 。
since that time , mcdonald's and its franchises have remodeled 11 , 000 stores .	自从那时 , mcdonaldaldalddaldddald的分支已经删除了11万家店 。
can the bookstores and libraries of this world stay viable and relevant in this age of edownloads ?	这个世界的可视图书馆和图书馆可以在这个年龄的编辑载荷中相关的吗 ?
physicists could solve it for only a small number of cases , such as that of two parallel plates .	物理学家们可以解决只有一些例子 , 比如两个平板 。
this finding adds yet more confusion to determining the best strategy for women with ntse acs .	这个研究发现还增加了更多的困难 , 以确定女性的最佳策略 。
nor did i agree with his somewhat emotional assessment of me as a " unique moron . "	无论我同意他的一些情感评估我是一个 " 独特的天上 " 。
ehrlich’s book , the population bomb , made him the mostfamous of modern malthusians .	埃利克的书 , 人口炸弹 , 使他成为现代马尔斯人类最有趣的地方 。
for example , there are restrictions that make it all but impossible to sell f22s to japan .	例如 , 有限制所有的限制 , 但是不可能销售f22的日本 。
mathias is a typical midfielder with important potential which he will have to show on the pitch .	马西亚是一个典型的中场人 , 他必须展现的潜力 。
just last saturday we saw each other again in berlin , along with mikhail gorbachev .	上周六我们再次见到柏林 , 与迈克哈哈里·戈巴夫 。
the name of this fruit , yes , this is technically a fruit , comes from nahuatl , too .	这个果实的名字 , 是的 , 技术上是一个水果 , 来自纳华达尔 , 还有 。
as soon as the monkey king goes into the cave , the other animals cover the cave door with rocks .	就像猴王走进洞里 , 其他动物覆盖了洞穴的门 。
its way more m2m than is necessary , but it certainly does the job of giving the best of them .	它的路径比要求更多的m2m , 但是当然它确实做了最好的工作 。
founded as a furtrading post , it developed rapidly after the coming of the railroad in1881 .	建立在1881年 , 随着铁路的发展迅速发展 。
i found the distance to our main tent hard enough going , never mind a trek to the north pole .	我发现 , 距离到我们的主要帐篷足够艰难 , 永远不想到北极 。
the reactions were manifested by allergic shock , purpura , urticaria and angioedema .	这些反应被所有的鞋子、紫外、紫外、紫外、紫外、紫外等 。
there are many minor gold deposits in the periphery of huanglin anticlinal . nucleus .	黄金的边缘有许多小黄金矿物 , 核矿物 。
a bottomup itcentric approach focusing on discovery and characterization of existing it assets .	最后一个迭代中心方法集中在发现和存在的资产的发现和特征上 。
to be engaged in studying a role so as to be able to replace the regular performer when required .	为了研究一个角色 , 因此 , 当需要的时候 , 可以替换正常的表演员 。
the average skews higher than the median because of a few very high incomes , deaton explained .	比印度的平均钥匙比印度更高 , 因为几乎很高的收入 , 德德拉森解释道 。
furthermore , the plugin may overwrite your changes the next time it regenerates the site .	此外 , 插件可能将您的下一次转换为它重新重新重新创建网站 。
now we never completed the study so we never wrote it up , but we did find some interesting preliminary things .	现在我们从来没有完成这项研究 , 所以我们从来没有写到它 , 但是我们发现一些有趣的事情 。
it will have to fight against that , even if the new ngage delivers an excellent gaming experience .	即使新年代更好的游戏经验 , 甚至必须战斗 , 甚至还要战斗 。
if you find an apartment you like , submit an application to the landlord or property manager immediately .	如果你发现一个公寓 , 将一个应用程序放置到lord或属性管理器 。
the date can also recruit superior nodachi units as well: attack is a date watchword !	日期还可以恢复更好的诺达达达州单位 , 攻击也是一个日期的看法 !
the single chromosome obtained in the study is rice field eel chromosome 3 ;	在研究中获得单个染色体 ;
hesse created minimal sculptures that retain a relationship to the organic through shape and texture .	他sese创建的最小雕塑 , 通过形状和文本创建了一个与有机的关系 。
there was no history of trauma , apart from her having undergone acupuncture several years previously .	没有历史 , 除了她几年以前几年之外 , 还有几年的时间 。
in addition to myers , also described by western tourists by nontibetans cruel attack .	另外 , 还描述了西方游客的西方旅游家的袭击 。
other countries , notably india , must calibrate their government finances even more carefully .	其他国家 , 不可能印度 , 必须重庆他们的政府财富 , 甚至更加仔细地庆祝他们的政府财富 。
production begins in the fall and the film is expected to be released in the summer of 2011 .	20111年夏天 , 生产开始下降 , 电影也预计在2011年夏天发布 。
boring but serious english you are the redthreadwoven ball that i have dreamed to obtain .	然而 , 英语你是红头球 , 我梦想获得的 。
the shabab now control only 40% of mogadishu proper , down from about 60% a few months ago .	目前股市目前只有40%的普遍性 , 从约60%左右下降到了几个月 。
and with warm weather predicted in spain , the german said his day of karting should stand him in good stead .	随着温暖的天气预测在西班牙 , 德国说 , 他的日子应该站在好步中 。
results: 108 canals were successfully reopened with a successful rate of 92 . 3% .	结果:108例癌症成功开放率为92.3% 。
some complex flow characteristics such as separation , circumfluence appears around spur dikes .	一些复杂的流动特性如分离、圆形影响的特性 。
well , that was very decided indeed that does seem as if but , however , it may all come to nothing , you know .	可是 , 这是非常决定的确实 , 似乎如果如果 , 但是 , 它可能都不会来 , 你知道 。
van der sloot has said he left holloway on a beach near her hotel after they had kissed .	范德德·斯洛特说 , 他在她的酒店附近离开了一个好莱坞的海滩 。
here she talks not only about real risk factors , she also rules out signs that could be misread .	在这里 , 她谈论不仅是真正的风险因素 , 她还规则出现了错误的标志 。
this is no more effective than prayer which when it does seem to work can be explained away as coincidence .	这并没有比祈祷更有效 , 当它似乎可以解释为合作的时候 , 就可以解释 。
twopieces adjustable ladder can be designed and manufactured according to order demand .	根据秩序要求 , 两个可调整的激光器可以设计和制造 。
no sign of an epic clash of the titans such as the 1980's maradona platini one .	在1980年的马拿大平台上 , 没有迹象的迹象 , 例如1980年的马达纳平原 。
ltd . dongguan branch is a good faith for the purpose of formal professional decoration company .	东莞分支有限公司是正式专业装饰公司的一个好信心 。
'all of the sudden , everything i loved about the city was just so frightening to me , ' she said .	她说: " 突然 , 我喜欢城市的所有东西都是这样的 , " 她说 。
several theoretical examples given in the paper show that the terrain correction of the surface ...	本文给出了几个理论例子 , 给出了表面的地面正确性 。
the second instance indicates the code page used at the source , which is also windows usenglish .	第二个实例表明 , 代码页在源中使用的代码页面也是窗户使用nglish 。
however , the reelability has a negative relationship with the speed of heating if the set temperature is high .	然而 , 如果设置温度高 , 可利用性能具有负面的关系 。
yea , chinese history is great , and chinese food is awesome . let's enjoy our lunch man .	是的 , 中国历史很棒 , 中国食物是湿润的 , 让我们享受我们的午餐人 。
charlotte wrote as currer bell , emily as ellis bell , and anne as acton bell .	查洛特特特·贝尔写道 , 作为欧利斯贝尔 , 另外一个行动铃铛 。
i shall never forget those days when i lived in the army with the soldiershas a great effect on my life .	我永远不会忘记那些日子 , 当我在军队里生活在军队中 , 士兵对我生命有很大的影响 。
the first thing bram did upon his return was run to mo , giving her hugs and kisses .	首先 , 布莱姆在回来的时候 , 给她丈夫和吻了 。
fortunately , gout is treatable , and there are ways to reduce the risk that gout will recur .	幸运的是 , gout是可治疗的 , 并且有办法减少这种风险的风险 。
every element has a method to return the label of its category and a method to bind the clicking action .	每个元素都有一个方法 , 将其类别的标签和方法绑定到cicing行为的方法 。
england setup with a stopper and cover , this exploits the talents of terry and ferdinand .	英格兰与一个停止和覆盖的英国集团 , 探讨了terry和ferdinand的天赋 。
this underlines that you should use double indexes if you want semantically correct numeric comparisons .	这个理解您应该使用双指数 , 如果你想要语义对比的话 , 那么你应该使用双指数 。
university of the freedom of living people to temporarily forget the past , and floated up to enjoy the present .	大学生活的自由大学都忘记过去的忘记 , 并且流动了现在的享受 。
tritium emits a weak form of radiation that does not travel very far in the air and cannot penetrate the skin .	在空中 , 触发了一种弱的辐射形式 , 无法穿越皮肤 。
finally , concrete suggestions and measures are proposed for the implementation of the group' s development strategy .	最后 , 提出了集团开发策略实现集团开发策略的混凝土建议和措施 。
in general and basically , i'm still one of those who are beneficial and harmless to the mankind and our society .	通常和基本上 , 我仍然是人类和无害的人之一 , 还是人类和我们的社会之一 。
this erosional basin was closed and evolved into a depositional basin during middle late pleistocene .	这种环境盆地被闭合 , 进化在中期末期的沉积盆地 。
additionally , enthalpy and entropy both contributed to enantioseparation when mobile phase was acetonitrile .	另外 , 当移动相时 , 能量和能量两者都有助于保证周期分离 。
each change brought fresh accessories , clothing , jewelry and body colors to the new collection .	每个变化都带来了新的收藏 , 衣服 , 衣服和身体颜色 。
while meeting financial group influence in foreign hotel to press on to the border , is because " wolf " come .	虽然会见金融集团对外国酒店的影响 , 但因为 " 狼 " 来说是因为 " 。
" of the four wars in my lifetime none came about because the u . s . was too strong . " ronald reagan .	" 四个战争在我生命的时候没有来到 , 因为美国太强劲了 。 " 罗纳尔·雷根 。
in september , the company slashed its sales forecast for 2010 by 25% to 600 , 000 vehicles .	九月 , 本公司在9月份宣布了2010年的销售预测 , 达到了600万辆车辆 。
isn't that against china's principle of noninterference in the internal affairs of other countries ?	反对中国在其他国家内部事务的非干预原则 , 没有什么反对中国的原则 ?
objective:to investigate the electroneuographical characteristics in patients with guillianbarre syndrome .	目的:探讨贵族综合征患者的电子通信特征 。
because the kidneys produce carnitine , kidney disease could lead to a deficiency of carnitine in the body .	由于肾脏病产生癌症 , 肾脏病可能导致心脏病的缺乏 。
to worship others blindly and belittle others at will are both factually the display of lack of selfconfidence .	为了担心别人 , 相信其他人 , 实际上都是缺乏自信的显示 。
he posited that animals acquired certain traits during their lifetimes because of their environment and choices .	他指出 , 由于他们的环境和选择 , 动物收集了某些轨迹 。
gaps are left between the outer cylinder and the inner cylinder , and air in gaps is pumped into vacuum .	除了外循环器和内循环器之间的磁盘之间 , 并将空气放入真空中 。
we'd like someone to design a vector illustration of this fun , cute , accessible monstertype character .	我们喜欢一些人来设计这个功能的矢量声明 , tete , 可访问monster类型字符 。
913 and , he didn't publish anything related to the lewis structure until about 1912 or 1913 .	913年 , 他没有出版的事情 , 直到1912年或1913年 , 直到1912年至1913年就没有出版任何事情 。
dynamic program data from backend business logic can also be placed at the specified location in the html .	后端业务逻辑中的动态程序数据也可以在html指定的位置中放置 。
experimental results on plasma instability and potential confinement configuration in mm4u tandem mirror are presented .	给出了mmmm4utm4utmmmmm4u的塑料稳定性和潜在定义配置的实验结果 。
so , these onchanging properties that describe the state of the equilibrium state of the system are called state variables .	因此 , 这些交换属性描述了系统的平衡状态的状态平衡状态的状态 。
an optimal sequencing of the storage elements in the single scan chain design for testability is presented in the paper .	本文提出了单扫描链设计中的存储元素的最佳序列 。
in this paper , macroporous resin was used to treat wastewater resulting from manufacturing sulfanilamide .	本文用宏观的树脂来处理废水 , 从制造硫化硫化物的制造 。
to be responsible for the partymasses work of administration and its directly affiliated institutions .	为了负责党制度的工作 , 直接配置机构 。
the gentleman was infinitely resourceful and had close contacts in the army and in political circles .	在军队和政治环境中 , 这个女子无限资源丰富 , 并且在政治环境中紧密接触 。
a motor vehicle which reaches the standards for being discarded as unserviceable shall not run on road .	一个汽车辆 , 达到达到标准的标准 , 应当不可靠的路上运行的标准 。
used for the treatment of acute and chronic enteritis and diarrhea caused by bacterium or fungus .	用来治疗急性和慢性肠炎和糖尿病引起的细菌或功能的治疗 。
other agreements in 1880 and 1892 sealed the protectorate status of bahrain to the british .	其他协议在1880年和1892年和1892年被封闭到英国的保护地位 。
objective: to observe the effects of synthetical rehabilitation cure on guillainbarre syndrome .	目的:观察综合恢复治疗牙周综合征综合征综合征的影响 。
small doohickey 2: sunshine fades not more easily than be being cleaned in day of overcast and rainy .	小剂量2:太阳2不容易 , 比早期和雨日清洁更容易 。
the four vessels were then reinforced by two type 037 antisubmarine patrol crafts .	然后 , 第四条船被两种类型0377型抗血管软件加强 。
so research and development as a new treatment for burns and wound healing of the drug become yet to resolve the issue .	因此 , 研究和发展作为烧伤和伤害健康的新治疗 , 仍然决定这种问题 。
represent medicine: much pepsin , pancreatin , more enzymatic piece , mai feiming wait .	代表医药:很多pepin , 胰腺素 , 更多的酶管道 , 恶性感觉等待 。
increasing starch concentration had little influence on the gab parameters but nonetheless decreased aw .	增加淀粉浓度对游戏参数的影响较少 , 但没有任何减少的减少 。
deputy mayor he jihua meets with principal members of kagoshima cultural exchange group .	他的董事长jhua会见了卡加马文化交换集团的主要成员 。
current champion ronnie o'sullivan believes ding junhui has what it takes to go all the way .	目前冠军罗尼·罗尼·奥利夫相信 , 丁华已经采取了所有的途径 。
timely deployment of work safety , strict implementation of territorial regulatory responsibility .	时间部署工作安全 , 严格实现外交监管责任的严格实施 。
the public security work in poor areas will face favorable opportunities of development and confront grim challenges .	贫困地区的公安工作将面临着良好的发展和前景的机会 。
today's dynamic business needs are driving it departments to implement standardsbased computing .	今天的动态业务需要在实现标准的计算标准的基础上实现标准的计算 。
it plans to equip other ultralight kits with electric motors ranging from 10 to 60 kilowatts .	它计划在10至60公里的电动机上设备其他的超轻电机 , 使用电动机从10到60公里的电动机 。
mgm has now been taken over by new owners , however , and its money troubles appear to be a thing of the past .	然而 , mgm现在已经被新主人拿到了 , 而且它的钱却似乎是过去的事情 。
let us consider that we are all insane . it will explain us to teach each other . it will unriddle many riddles .	让我们考虑我们所有的意大利 , 会解释我们每个人 , 都会解释我们彼此 。
but there are a variety of things about people who can communicate from the dead or ghosts or seances or what have you .	但是 , 对于那些能从死亡或身体或身体或身体或物质的人们来说有各种事情 , 都有各样的东西 。
sift together the dry ingredients into mixing bowl . add in diced butter and knead to form dough .	ssssift将干燥成分组成分组成混合碗中 , 添加方向的蝴蝶和knead 。
yet despite much speechifying from bankerbashing politicians , such views do not seem to have taken hold .	然而 , 尽管从银行基金会的政治家来说 , 如此的观点似乎没有被保持 。
customers will pay 2 star prices for a 5 star offering , a value proposition unmatched in the market place .	客户将支付2星期的价格 , 5星的价格 , 一个价值建议在市场上不匹配 。
i think the reader gets the point . at some point we're all acted like this: we've been too busy to do god's work .	我认为读者得到了点 , 在某些方面我们都喜欢这样的行动:我们太忙忙过去做上帝的工作 。
and basically everything what agassi and rios , and some other guys , what they have in life is thanks to the tennis .	基本上 , 所有的东西都是什么 , 还有一些人 , 他们在生活中感谢的东西 。
in many cases they interfere with the normal economic order in our country affecting the market of many highquality goods .	在许多情况下 , 他们与我们国的正常经济秩序相互感兴趣 , 影响了许多高质量货物市场的市场 。
tax related crimes include all kinds of offence aganist china's tax system according to chinese criminal law .	根据中国刑事法 , 税收相关犯罪包括各种有机组织的税收体系 。
first , image capture and pantilt control are firstly achieved based on hikivision's image capture board .	首先 , 图像捕捉和pilt控制首先是基于hikivision的图像捕捉板实现的 。
the other part may be steeped in the principles of debate , such as identifying fallacies , or understanding bias .	另一部分可能是在辩论的原则上 , 例如识别疲劳 , 或者理解偏见的原则 。
this is true whether you are doing street photography or visiting a natural or manmade site .	这是真正的 , 你是否在做街道照片或访问自然或人类网站 。
if you can't make a lateral leap , look for ways to expand your current position in the direction of your interests .	如果你不能在你的利益方向上扩大你的目前位置的方向 。
your breath will come in through the crown of your head and will fill your body in a manner you are not really accustomed to .	你的呼吸将会通过你的头部的角色 , 将填充你的身体 , 你的身体在你没有真正的习惯 。
according to the variation of pressure and speed , optimize the model to reduce the pressure loss .	根据压力和速度变化 , 最优化模型降低压力损失 。
it becomes a hot topic these years . the major characteristics of channel are multipath transmission and shadow effect .	这些年来 , 通道的主要特点是多路传输和阴影效应 。
" every time negotiations are underway , money always makes the decision , " pellegrino told sport . es .	" 每次谈判都是理解 , 钱总是让决定 , " pelgrino告诉体育 。
shampoos and other products designed to open scalp pores do not stop hair loss or promote regrowth of hair .	山姆poos和其他产品设计开口螺杆粉不停止头发损失或促进头发的重新区域 。
the results from greenhouse experiment showed that the efficiency of biocontrol could arrived at 72 . 1% .	研究结果表明 , 生物控制的效率可达到72.1% 。
of course , none of us thought we'd be sitting on top of that peak in the not too distant future .	当然 , 没有人认为我们正在坐在那个高峰的顶峰上 , 还没有太远的未来 。
this week in our series , larry west and tony riggs describe an antiwar movement that was growing .	本周在我们系列 , 拉里西和托尼·富格斯描述了一个抗武力运动 。
even tutoring at a forprofit learning center or leading tours at a historic site required a master’s .	即使在一个有利的学习中心或领先的旅游 , 即使在历史上要求一个主人 。
the bct fee will be waived for all singaporeans and singapore prs above 16 years old .	博客费用将在16岁以上的所有新加坡人和新加坡prs 。
so in this paper , the way of realization of the hl7 middleware on multiparameters monitor is intro duced .	因此 , 本文介绍了多参数监测器中的hl7中间件的实现方法 。
i’m on the shit list in my platoon for quitting , and my chain of command won’t move me if i ask .	我是在我的平板上列表 , 然后我的命令链子的链子 , 如果我问的话 , 我不会移动我 。
the chongqing upt head hunting company is taken as an example to do a preliminary research in operating pattern .	重庆上升公司作为一个例子 , 为操作模式的初步研究 。
the model of effect information entropy project risk analysis has its unique theory and method in solving these problems .	信息熵熵能量分析模型对解决这些问题的唯一理论和方法进行了解决 。
the businessschool method of valuing shares is based on the discounted value of future dividend payments .	基于价值股票的商业学习方法 , 基于未来分支支支付的价值 。
how can you say so ? without breach in continuity how can there be rebirth ? can there be renewal without death ?	你怎么说 , 你怎么说 , 连续性不会再生 ? 可以再生吗 ?
censure: a punishment in which the mage is warned against future violations , similar to parole .	青少年:一次被警告未来暴力的惩罚 , 类似于巴罗勒 。
the next section explains this cost more fully as it explores how startup costs are initially incurred .	下一部分解释了这个成本更全面 , 因为它初步探索了如何启动成本的开始成本 。
a scientific study of athletics is the process of cognition to reveal the essence in things and their objective laws .	一项科学研究是对事物的认知过程 , 揭示了事物和目标法的实质 。
but feiler's wife , linda , had a hunch that something was wrong: " you know as a wife , as a spouse .	但是 , 费尔的妻子 , 丽丽莎 , 有一个丈夫是错误的: " 你知道一个妻子 , 就像一个人一样 。
in principle , each copy of the genome ; s estimated 60 , 000 genes is exactly the same .	在原则上 , 每个版本的原则 , 估计60万基因的每个版本都是相同的 。
if there are no or not enough researchers looking into this subject , what should this author be entreating the government to do ?	如果没有足够的研究人员看这项主题 , 应该注意政府做什么 ?
again , if you want to match either of these characters verbatim , you must use an escaping backslash .	再次 , 如果你想匹配这些字符verbatim , 你必须使用一个逃避背景 。
however , when using the model for the 2008 european championship , the forecast winner did not make it to the second round .	然而 , 当在2008年欧洲冠军的时候 , 预测冠军不会让它成为第二轮 。
with multifunctional die , the square and round hole angle steel flange can be manufactured .	随着多功能模向 , 平方和圆孔孔角角角角角角角角的制造可制造 。
good mind is broad , generous , and tolerant of the universe for the benefit of mankind the common people .	良好的心灵是广阔的 , 慷慨 , 和宇宙的优势 , 为人类的益处 。
here , i first of all express our most sincere congratulations to the class group achieved outstanding results and classmates !	这里 , 我首先表达我们最自由的祝贺 , 到课程组实现了优秀的结果和课程 !
yalong bay center place , won a national construction " luban award " modern garden plaza .	永远湾湾中心 , 赢得了全国建设 " luban奖 " 现代花园平台 。
for some weeks , my 26yearold son , david , had been after me to go with him to atlantic city , n .	对于一些周来 , 我的26岁儿子 , 戴维德 , 在我和他去伊斯兰城市 , 曾经过过我去了 。
the bank had the trust of its customers and had not seen any meaningful outflow of funds , tilmant said .	泰尔曼特说 , 银行拥有其客户的信任 , 没有看到任何有意义的资金流动的任何意义 。
endurance swimmer diana nyad has become the first person to swim from cuba to the us without a shark cage .	保险游泳者迪安娜·迪安娜已经成为美国第一个人游泳到美国没有鲨鱼笼的第一个人 。
" it would be irresponsible for the president to veto this legislation , " boehner told reporters .	博哈纳告诉记者说: " 对于总统来说 , " 这将是不责任的 。 "
their personal stories show the tragic reality of cancer in poor countries and its strong impact on people and their families .	他们的个人故事显示 , 贫穷国家的癌症现实和其对人们和他们的家庭的强烈影响 。
after akmal shaikh , the mentally ill man , is executed tomorrow – you are on short rations for a year !	今天 , 艾克·莎基h后 , 精神病人 , 明天你是在一年的短期条件下 !
anyone who violates the regulations or disobey theexaminer will be handled according to related regulations .	根据相关规定 , 任何人违反调控或缺乏审查者将被处理 。
perhaps less than a kiloton , which sounds like a lot but is actually small as nuclear devices go .	或许 , 很少是kiloton , 听起来像很多 , 但是实际上很小的核设备一样 。
at a more basic level , americans are afraid not just of dying , but of talking and thinking about death .	在更多基本层面上 , 美国人担心不仅是死亡 , 还是想到死亡 。
tan later , " juying lu pen consciousness " that read: " china's great sages , no clouds change also .	太阳后来 , " 朱莉·潘普林意识 " 这个阅读: " 中国的伟大的年龄 , 没有云变化 。
prf global inc is a u . s . a . corporation located in huntington beach , california .	prf全球inc是美国一家公司位于华盛顿海滩 , 加利福尼亚 。
typically , large manufacturers will have a quality system that exceeds the medical device qs regulation .	通常 , 大型制造商将拥有超过医疗设备的质量系统 。
a man who likes to moralize is usually a hypocrite , and a woman who does the same is invariably plain .	一个人喜欢道德化的男人通常是一个假设的故事 , 同样做的女人也不可避免 。
though none of us will individually alter the course of the universe , collectively we can do this !	尽管我们没有人会个人改变宇宙的过程 , 集体上我们可以做这个 !
" but , " he added , " through the grace of god and wisdom of our leaders , these plots were neutralized . "	" 但是 , " 他补充道 , " 通过我们领导的神和智慧 , 这些插件被忽略 。 "
a survey of arbuscular mycorrhizae of wild flowers in longtou mountain area and its application ;	一项调查了长江山地区的野生花及其应用程序 ;
remember , the name of god represents the god we name , and the lord god himself is this tower .	记得 , 神的名字代表我们名字的神 , 耶和华自己是这座塔 。
to safely use wasted onebase propellant , detonation occasion of charge was judged through witness steelplate .	为了安全使用了一个base的优势 , 通过宽度钢板判断了电荷的消除偶尔 。
since fda began scrutinizing the drugs last march , shares of amgen have sunk 27 percent . u .	自去年3月 , 自从fda开始扩大药物 , 基因分享了27%的27% 。
this paper is a summary on the experimental investigation of almg alloys with the alloying addition of re .	本文综述了almg合金合金合金合金合金合金的实验研究 。
this is unzipped on the broker and saved on the broker's file system according to message set .	这是根据消息设置的 , 并且在oker的文件系统上保存的 。
the book's writer , john b . watson , urged extreme firmness in dealing with children .	这本书的作家约翰·布森 , 沃森在与孩子交易的极端财务 。
you shouldn’t need that many more words to explain what the picture means or why you’ve included it .	你不需要更多的字来解释图片的意思 , 或者为什么你包含了它 。
pepper , basil , oregano , turmeric , thyme , lime , onion and garlic are only a beginning .	普普尔 , 巴勒 , 奥甘诺 , 家庭 , 西米 , 利米 , 阿里和蒜只是开始 。
try and clear your mind before bed time and make an effort to think positive thoughts that aid sleep .	试图在床前清理你的思想 , 让一个努力考虑积极的思想 , 这样就睡觉了 。
but after china joined the npt in 1992 and the nsg in 2004 , it reined in such help , at least officially .	但是在1992年加入npt , 2004年的nsgt和nsgssg在这样的帮助之后 , 至少有官方 。
haun ni asked molly , whats the matter , molly asked kim she isnt a person can love a person no longer love ?	哈伦尼问莫利 , 什么事情 , 莫利问她是否能爱一个人不再爱吗 ?
the problem lies in the insufficiency and low efficiency of humancapital investment in rural areas in china .	中国农村地区人力资本投资的不足和低效率 。
for a while , aunt fan had large breasts too—they'd open up and she'd pull stuff out .	对于一个时候 , 很多球迷还有很大的东西 , 你的‘开放’ , 她打开了 。
most of the characters have no mouths , dot eyes , and stick limbs ; those with lips are unintelligent .	大多数字符都没有嘴巴 , 眼睛 , 紧张的肢体 ; 那些嘴巴不聪明 。
grandma , tell me how you make everything so delicious ? someday i want to be the best cook there ever was , just like you .	格兰玛 , 告诉我如何做出这样的事情 , 有些天我想成为最好的烹饪 , 就像你一样 。
romania , under its president , traian basescu , is a bastion of atlanticism in the black sea region .	罗马利亚总统在其总统的下 , 是黑海地的伊斯主义基础 。
the direct link between alcohol and the liver is well understood but what about the impact of alcohol on other organs ?	酒精和肝之间的直接链接是很好的理解 , 但是其他组织的影响是什么 ?
but i do think it is time to reevaluate the things i do have and whether or not they add any value to my existence .	但是我认为这是时间来评估我所做的事情 , 还是不管他们是否添加任何值的值 。
the last recipe item in the list , shown in listing 5 , contains an additional html class: onlinerequired .	清单5中最后的序列项目 , 表示清单5中 , 包含一个附加的html类:在线需求 。
acronym for " thank god its almost friday " , word is only usually used on thursday .	周四 " 感谢上帝几乎周五 " , 字只是在周四使用 。
ed begely jr . , the 61yearold activist and actor , has been doing it for longer than any of them .	edgelyjr先生 , 61岁的活动家和演员 , 比任何人更长 。
i'm tough , i'm ambitious , and i know exactly what i want . if that makes a bad woman , okay .	我很难 , 我很有意识 , 我知道我想的是什么 , 如果这让一个坏女人 , 好了 。
we asked relationship experts what you should discuss before getting hitched . here are 13 questions they came up with .	我们问相关专家们应该讨论你应该讨论的事情 , 这里是13个问题 。
gady epstein , beijing bureau chief for forbes , has been covering china and asia since 2002 .	加迪·史蒂斯坦 , 北京的官僚首席福布斯 , 自2002年以来已经覆盖中国和亚洲 。
our first stop was dongcheng , the county seat of dongguan –already an emerging force in export trade .	我们的第一个停止是东京 , 东莞的县座位已经在出口贸易中增长的力量 。
we had legislation about the national health service passed 10 years ago and nothing has happened since .	我们有关国家卫生服务经过10年前的立法 , 没有事情发生 。
till now , the paper constructs a framework according to the model which root in theory and tested by practice .	直到目前 , 本文根据理论和实践 , 建立了一个框架 。
the passer touches a person to let them know he needs to get through but allows his hand to linger longer than necessary .	乘客们触摸一个人 , 让他们知道他需要过程 , 但是允许他的手比必要更长 。
he went to her , scolded her gently for her earlier faithlessness , and assured her that her search was over .	他向她走到她 , 把她轻轻轻轻地为她早期的信心 , 并保证她的搜索已经超过了 。
unzip sj_tomcat . zip to the root of your tomcat installation’s webapps directory .	unzipsjtomcat.zip到您的tmcat安装的根本 。
the team showed only those cells with ezh2 phosphorylated by cdk1 differentiated into bone cells .	小组显示 , 只有通过cdk1分化为骨细胞的ezh2摄影细胞的细胞 。
but the chinese does not recognize this fact , nor if he should do so would it diminish his sense of innate superiority .	但是 , 中国并不认识这个事实 , 如果他应该做的话 , 那么他就会消除他的感觉 。
the aim of the study was to investigate the effects of plant growth regulatorliduo was on wheat yield .	研究目的是探讨植物生长监控器对小麦产量的影响 。
whenever we forget these basic truths about gifts , it always causes trouble in the church .	每当我们忘记这些基本的事实时 , 它总是导致教堂中的困难 。
in order for the world to realize the coming of maitreya , a number of conditions must be fulfilled .	为了实现马利亚的未来 , 必须充分完成的条件 。
doctor frank paul is an expert in glaciology from swiss federal institute of technology .	医生弗兰克·保罗是来自瑞士联邦联邦学院的专家 。
bud film contract and leaf long , lozenge or wedge , have notch shape a toothlike part of anything .	预算电影合同和叶长 , 孤立或婚礼 , 没有形成任何东西的一部分 。
perform monitoring , inspection and quality control at inhouse and subcontractor steel fabrication and welding section .	执行监控、检测和质量控制在室内和子收缩钢制造和焊缝 。
this invention describes a hydroxylamine benzene dismutase , its coding gene and applications .	本发明描述了一种羟基乙烯苯基因 , 它的编码基因和应用 。
close shop to try and control monetization and you can only rely on your own internal innovation machine & capital .	关闭商店试图和控制动力 , 只能依赖您自己的内部创新机和资本 。
it might be possible to get those same restrictedcalorie benefits from parttime dieting , the researchers said .	研究人员说 , 可能可能有可能得到同样的限制性 , 同时可以从晚餐饮食中获益 。
the relief effort wasn't enough to get assembly lines restarted elsewhere , however .	但是 , 救援努力并不足以获得成员的线路重新恢复 , 然而 。
address: room 201 , 4th block , ceramics research insitrute , fengxi road , chaozhou , china .	地址:房间2011年 , 陶瓷研究 , 凤凰路 , 中国 。
a palladium phthalocyaninepvc membrane electrode for thiocyanate ion was prepared .	制备了一种用于甲状腺酸乙酸离子的palladum-甲状腺癌的膜电极 。
the stub and skeleton objects also take care of beginning and committing containermanaged transactions .	stub和kekekeleton对象也开始和承诺包含者管理交易 。
and i will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth , blood , and fire , and pillars of smoke .	而且 , 我愿意在天上和地上 , 血 , 血 , 火 , 火柴 , 烟雾 。
since the beginning of the new century , the beginning of the largescale introduction of this subject .	自从新世纪开始 , 新世纪开始 , 这个主题的大规模引入的开始 。
he founded an authentic transaction network for famous chinese modern paintings and calligraphies in 2004 .	他在2004年创建了一家著名的中国现代绘画和书法网络 。
communication with inotify is established through a system call . the available functions are as follows	通过系统调用的通信 , 建立了一个系统的通信 , 可用函数作为跟踪 。
sleepwalking is one of the disturbances of consciousness that fall in the scope of psychopaths .	睡眠行为是精神病的范围之一 。
a: those who entered china illegally have violated china's law . they should be handled by china according to the law .	据法律 , 中国的法律 , 那些进入了中国的法律 , 他们应该被迫处理 。
and the blood test is reliable as early as seven weeks into the pregnancy , whereas ultrasound is not .	血液测试早期可靠 , 7周初 , 血液测试可靠 , 超声没有 。
psc media also increased the amount and the caliber of blood vessel in cam model in vivo .	psc媒体还增加了血管的数量和血管的能力 。
now read the text , have rarely been touched , and enjoy the film , often tears in your eyes .	现在 , 阅读文本 , 很少被触摸 , 享受电影 , 经常在你的眼睛中泪泪 。
failing that , his wife will have a sizable dossier with evidence of infidelity to confront him with .	失败 , 他的妻子将拥有一个可行的医生 , 证据证明自己与他同样的证据 。
the key is embolic infarction is a focal change , whereas autolytic change is global and diffuse .	关键是机器人受到了重大变化 , 自动变化是全球变化的全球和困难 。
i hope shasha's classmates or friends coming abroad can read your essays if possible .	我希望上海的课堂或朋友可以在外面阅读你的话 , 如果可能的话 , 我希望上海的课堂或朋友 。
the catv graphical components library , which this paper introduces , is just the base of the aided software .	本论文介绍了电视图书馆的图书馆 , 仅仅是ids软件的基础 。
but the milk is full of white blood cells that thicken and make the milk go bad more quickly .	但是 , 牛奶充满白血细胞 , 使牛奶更快就坏了 。
also , cooking and edible quality were mostly determined by gca of restorers and sca of f1combinations .	同时 , 烹饪和可爱的质量主要是由gca恢复器的gca测定和f1组合的ga测定 。
the technique supports euclidean distance measure and lshift euclidean distance measure .	该技术支持了核磁距离测量和l转移核磁距离测量 。
" cerasomes were designed as a therapeutic alternative to common chemotherapeutics , " said kester .	克克斯特说: " 宫颈切除术被设计为一种常见化学物质的治疗转移 。 "
the average price for gasoline was down 7 cents at $3 . 70 per gallon in the latest week .	最新星期 , 汽油价格的平均价格下跌了7美元 , 每周每桶3.70美元 。
when her bitter ready to surrender , and found that all video clip in locked in the record has been force than the ;	当她的位置准备准备好的时候 , 发现所有的视频剪辑都比记录中的所有的视频剪辑更容易 ;
of course you can buy some unlocked phones right nowbut it's usually a niche way of operating . .	当然 , 你可以购买一些没有锁定的电话 , 通常是操作的方法 。
experiments showed the effect of metal ions on the shape , size and surface structure of lipid rafts .	实验结果表明 , 金属离子对高速的形状、尺寸和表面结构的影响 。
" if i started all from scratch in the united states , i would have spent much more time looking for funding , " jiang said .	" 如果我开始从美国开始 , 我会花更多时间去找基金 , " 江说 。
if there is a neurological disparity between the genders , it could explain important behavioral differences .	如果患者之间有神经分散 , 它可以解释其行为差异的重要行为 。
objective discussing the clinic application value of dry chemistry test paper method and urine deposit mirror inspecting method .	目的探讨干燥化学试验方法的临床应用价值及尿沉积镜检测方法 。
resulting assumption: i am a great employee and make a significant contribution to my team	结果假设:我是一个伟大的员工 , 让我的团队有重要贡献 。
this journal has the right to select and publish the writings and pictures published in this journal .	这个记者有权选择和出版本记者的写作和图片 。
articke 12 the rate leviable on the smallscale taxpayers goo ds or taxable services shall be 6% .	第12条小规模税人付款者或税务服务的可行性 , 应该是6% 。
the motor function in the two groups was markedly improved after treatment , especially in treatment group .	两组的电动功能明显提高治疗后 , 尤其在治疗组 。
droughts spread through the subtropics , accompanied by heatwaves and intense wildfires .	药物在物质上传播 , 由热波和强烈的野火组成 。
i like a picture which john lennon and yoko ono hugging , they are like a smooth circle .	我喜欢一张照片 , 约翰·莱恩逊和乔诺的照片 , 它们就像一个光滑的圆圈 。
his mop of black hair and silverrimmed glasses make him a dead ringer for harry potter .	他的头发和银色的玻璃使他成为哈利波特的死戒指 。
a letter generally mails to americaeuropeafrica by airmail . first 20 grams is 20 yuan .	一封信通常邮件用空中邮件发送美国电子邮件 , 首先是20元 。
zakah is a portion of one's wealth that must be given to the poor or to other specified causes .	扎克哈是一个财富的部分 , 必须给穷人或其他特定的原因 。
so what happens almost instantaneously after the collision , the electron up here falls back down .	所以在碰撞后几乎发生的事情 , 电子上升了下降 。
what's this ? this is what it looks like when you stand at the foot of one of the giant junipers at mount lala .	这是什么呢 ? 这就像你站在一只巨大的犹太人身上 , 看起来像是什么样的 。
breathable leather interior aids in wicking moisture away from your feet so they stay healthy and dry .	可呼吸的皮革内部的艾滋病从你的脚上离开 , 因此他们保持健康和干燥 。
she feeds the orphaned calf three to four times a day , the same amount an infant requires in a day .	她喂养了牛肉三到四天 , 同样的婴儿需要一天 。
to the best of our knowledge , brain capillary telangiectasia rarely has been previously reported by swi .	对于我们知识最好的知识 , 大脑胶囊肿瘤罕见被前报道 。
ann: look , this news is about a post80s girl who spent 3000 yuan for her dog's birth .	安妮:看 , 这个报道是一个80岁的女孩 , 她花了3000元的孩子 。
used the er graph tool to design the system information model , and has constructed the system database physical information model .	使用erph工具设计系统信息模型 , 并建立了系统数据库物理信息模型 。
no flooding on our way up to the land , but here and there in the mountain area are fallen branches on the road .	在我们的路上没有洪水 , 但是在这里 , 在山地上 , 在那里 , 山区就会落在路上 。
frame of manufacturing management layer and supervisory control layer network system make out subsection .	制造管理层和监督控制层网络系统的框架 , 制造管理层和管理层的框架 。
results and conclusion the present laboratory examinations do not show obvious help for the early diagnosis of bmt .	结果与结论目前实验室检查不显著帮助bmt早期诊断的早期诊断 。
and the designed sensor can also be used to measure some other types of linear displacement or rotation angle .	设计的传感器也可以使用其他类型线性位移或旋转角度测量其它类型的传感器 。
analysis about some phenomenon of using characters of bronze inscriptions in the han dynasty .	分析了汉代文字中的一些现象 , 用汉代文字描述特征的一些现象 。
there are some different pt conditions between the west and east of the southern area to the chonglichicheng large fracture .	西部和东南部地区的一些不同的pt条件有着不同的条件 。
schoolrunning strategy: adapt actively , advance moderately , and develop independently .	学校运行策略:适应积极 , 先进发展 , 独立发展 。
the formula is therefore considered as available to the calculation of drawing force on tube sinking .	因此 , 因此 , 考虑了在管上绘制力的计算方案 。
the value to set is a reference to either a java . lang . object , or a subclass thereof .	值设置是一个java.lng.对象的参考 , 或一个子类 。
the national collegiate athletic association governs college sports in the united states .	国家大学运动协会在美国的大学体育运动学院 。
" you mean the people who live in the big house next door , don't you ? " asked one of the girls .	" 你意味着 , 下一个房子里的人住在那里 , 不要你吗 ? " 问一个女孩 。
my husband's first coaching experience was with a juniorhighschool basketball team .	我丈夫的第一次教练经验是一名高级的篮球队 。
objective to study the clinical features and treatment of traumatic cerebral intraventricular hemorrhage .	目的探讨大脑脑内血压的临床特点及治疗 。
there are defects such as wash , blowhole , dispersed shrinkage in the butterfly type valve .	如洗衣 , 布鲁霍尔 , 在蝴蝶类型阀中分散的碎片 。
this amount increases each year you're here inline with inflation and subject to government regulations .	每年你每年都有通胀和主体来增加政府调控 。
the longterm causes of the cold war were fundamentally due to the ideological differences between east and west .	寒冷战的长期原因是东西和西方的理想差异 。
one of the downsides of antidepressant pills is that they can take a long time to work — between two and eight weeks .	抗抑郁剂丸的下面之一是他们可以在两周和八周之间做一个长时间的工作 。
i have a great relationship with him , even after the primavera game he called me wanting to know everything about my condition .	我和他一起有很大的关系 , 即使在我称为我想知道自己的条件之后 , 即使是我所谓的所有事情 。
the society of boys' centres is the main beneficiary of a scholarship & development fund set up by us .	男孩中心的社会是美国学者和开发基金的主要效益 。
in this paper , the construction management of the modern landscape greening project is analyzed in this paper .	本文分析了现代景观景观景观建设管理的基础上 , 并对现代景观景观建设管理进行了分析 。
guangzhou city people's congress , canton canton ya huang yongguang said school principals .	广州市人民的国会 , 华盛顿 , 华盛顿说 , 学校主席 。
objective :to establish a quality control of compound tetracaine hydrochloride gel newly prepared .	目的:建立一种新制备的复合材料的质量控制方法 。
rooms divided into standard rooms , deluxe rooms , single rooms , all kinds of suites .	房间分为标准房间 , 豪华房间 , 单房间 , 各种套件 。
objective:to investigate the bacteria infection and drug resistance state in the medical intensive care unit .	目的:探讨细菌感染和耐药性状态在医药强度护理单位的研究 。
objective to investigate the absorption kinetics of ligustrazine at different intestine segments in rats .	目的探讨大鼠不同肠道分泌的吸收动力学 。
i could smell the fresh , wonderful scent of devil's hole , the water , the moss , the laurel .	我可以闻到新鲜的 , 美丽的洞 , 水 , 水 , 摩西 , 湖泊 。
returned to south koreas ginger both smoke and willow township enjoy the two people in love time .	回到韩国 , 两个烟雾 , 雪镇享受了两个人在爱的时间 。
so this is just the idea that the most electrons that you can have in a single orbital is two electrons .	因此 , 这只是最有电子的想法 , 你可以在单一轨道上有两个电子 。
forget about level surfaces , forget about standing back , and just pick up your quadrotor and throw it .	忘了关于水平表面 , 忘记记记记记记记后 , 只是抓住你的查询器 , 然后把它扔进来 。
" docking " means that adequate information sharing , mutual understanding and the parallel development of same period .	" 攻击 " 意味着 , 独立的信息共享、互相理解和同时期的发展 。
blue roses also have mythical qualities because until the japanese discovery they were impossible to grow .	蓝玫瑰还有神话质量 , 因为直到日本发现他们是不可能生长的 。
just before we left , the husband told me he and his wife had moved in 34 years ago , right before they got married .	在我们离开之前 , 丈夫告诉我 , 他和他的妻子在34年前搬到了 , 正是他们结婚之前 。
trapped in a crowd , the music is loud . i said i love my freedom too , now i'm not sure i do .	跟踪在一群群人群中 , 音乐很孤独 , 我说我太喜欢我的自由 , 现在我也不确定我做的 。
for an invention to be patentable it must not be obvious 'to one of ordinary skill in the art' .	对于一个发明来说 , 必须很明显的 " 普通技能 " 是艺术中的一个普通技能之一 。
on may 5th , leonard stringfield releases and article in batavia , illinois about aliens .	在5月5日 , 李纳德·辛德·辛伊斯在巴塔维亚发布和文章中发布和文章 。
st lucia is clearly an island on the move ; one can only hope that it will retain its unspoilt charm .	伊利亚明显是一座岛屿 , 只有只能希望它保持不断的魅力 。
please maintain clean environment , turn off cellular phone and b . b . call , prepare .	请保持清洁的环境 , 转移细胞电话和b.呼吁 , 准备 。
moreover , the treatment efficiency of hpac was better than which of traditional pac or aluminum sulfate .	此外 , hpac的治疗效率比传统的pac或铝酸钠更好 。
what value can songbird add if the user navigates from a music blog to cnn ? probably none .	如果用户从音乐博客中获得的话 , 那么这个价值可以增加什么 , 可能没有 。
i was just in denmark , and it occurred to me there’s not a hint of a big gulp society there .	我刚刚刚刚在丹麦 , 就在我身边 , 没有一个巨大的顶级社会 。
to deal with the increasing load of idp , it is essential to implement load balance based on cluster .	为了随着idp的增加负载 , 基于集群实现负载平衡的必要性是实现负载平衡的必要 。
but in the presence of so violent a temptation , reason vanished ; nothing remained but instinct .	但是 , 在那种暴力的情况下 , 原因变化 ; 没有什么仍然还没有 , 还是投入 。
it is great to be here in the same time as the irish group . that gives us a new perspective about the way to work with ceramics .	这里很棒 , 就像爱尔兰集团一样 , 这给我们一个新的观点 , 与陶瓷作出了新的观点 。
first , service premium is a key issue of credit market with the transition from shortage economy to surplus one .	首先 , 服务总理是从短期经济转移到信用市场的关键问题 。
she worry you listen , but didn t also way , then she saw the northsouth and mis blue , said later .	她担心你听着 , 但还没有办法 , 然后她看到北方和米蓝的北方 , 然后说 。
she saw it through a mist of fancya pale , sombre halflight , which was the essence of poetic feeling .	她看到 , 过去几十年的法尼亚巴勒 , 八月半光 , 这是诗歌感觉的本质 。
but change enough words , though it is only one at a time , and your thought ends up dead just the same .	但是改变足够的话 , 虽然只有一次 , 你的思想结束了死亡 。
evidently two of the girls there had an altercation and one pushed the other off the wharf and into the water .	明显的两个女孩有一个变化 , 另一个人把它放在白色里 , 进入水中 。
the sunset glow floods the inlet of the river , blending with the hues on the horizon , and me .	太阳在河上 , 带着丈夫的丈夫 , 和我一起 。
one pair may not fit inside all of your shoes , so you may want separate orthotics for dress shoes or sports .	一个女孩可能不适合你的鞋子里 , 所以你可能想分离衣鞋或运动 。
he then surrendered to guards and handed over a letter , but details of his particular plight were not made known .	然后 , 他又被迫保护了一封信 , 可是他特别的插件细节不知道 。
add to this ideas promulgated by religious groups in which transgressive sex is sinful even as a fantasy .	另外 , 由宗教团体的宗教团体 , 即使是一个幻想 。
a sponge that absorbs c02 and boosts hydrogen fuel production , said an australian researcher .	澳大利亚研究人员说 , 吸收c02和增强了氢燃料生产的弹簧 。
ralph sings , norton plays " swanee river " and then " melancholy serenade " fast tempo .	雷尔ph歌曲 , 诺尔顿玩 " 瑞典河 " , 然后 " 延迟的 " 快速 " 。
the transaction mechanism and the system will be maintained by the company , the proxy stores , retailers old sales .	交易机制和系统将由公司维护 , 代理商 , 零售商 , 零售商 。
to use the period inventory system effectively , the manager must be able to control inventory by visual inspection .	为了有效地使用周期存储系统 , 必须通过视觉检验来控制存储库 。
but i say unto you , that it shall be more tolerable for the land of sodom in the day of judgment , than for thee .	但是我说 , 除了你 , 应该更容易在判断的日子的土地上 , 比如 。
it's a sentiment once professed for every artist from shaun cassidy to paul mccartney .	这是一次的情景 , 每一位艺术家都从山西到保罗麦卡尼 。
the cost savings are enormous , and the timetomarket for new applications or functionality is greatly improved .	成本的节约很大 , 新应用程序或功能的时间图很大提高 。
out went suits in favour of the opennecked shirts that mr lafley usually sports .	出去适合开放的衬衫 , 老板通常运动 。
thenthe optimal driving curve under the conditions of matching and linear voltage control is derived .	然后 , 在匹配和线性电压控制条件下 , 给出了最优的驱动曲线 。
suddenly , huan zang could not control himself but began to laugh with his beloved wife and adorable babies .	突然 , 黄张不能控制自己 , 但开始笑着他的妻子和可爱的婴儿 。
i knew how hard dad worked to scrape together enough money for my accordion and lessons .	我知道 , 如何努力努力一起努力把自己的资金投入到一起 , 足够的资金和课程 。
get some pliers or something to hold the hinge with and hammer lightly at the hinge . do so for both hinges .	得到一些惩罚者或有些东西 , 轻轻轻轻轻地盯着那里 , 所以为了两个人 , 所以为了避免 。
gentleness is a sharp sword . gentleness is a latent power which can let all the people submit themselves to it .	吉利是一个鲨鱼剑 , 绿色是一个能力 , 让所有人把自己提交给它 。
both in theory and in practice , ethics and the economy have become irreconcilable opposites .	在理论和实践中 , 经济和经济都变得不可再次的反对 。
for me it is a very dangerous if i didn't have any ready to enter for the exam , i will get a bad grade .	对于我来说 , 如果我没有准备进入考试 , 我会获得一个坏的级别 。
but the twotime academy award winner is also one of hollywood's highest profile christians .	但是 , 两个时候 , 奖学奖学院也是好莱坞最高的基督徒之一 。
number two , pointer dereferencing starts at the pointer and follows its arrow over to access its pointee .	数字两点 , 指向分配器开始 , 并遵循其箭头访问其指向 。
it is believed that on december 21st , 1891 , the first basketball game in history was played .	1891年12月21日 , 1891年12月21日 , 第一个篮球比赛在历史上扮演 。
in the wake of the midterms , he has voiced a willingness to work with the republicans in congress .	在中期的醒来 , 他对国会的共和党人作出了一个愿意 。
japan's is far greater , yet the yen has become one of the safe havens for those fleeing the dollar .	日本的安全更大 , 但是日本的日本已经成为那些飞行美元的安全之一 。
the land they're squatting on has arable tracts , trees , hills to the west and natural springs .	这些地方在西部和天然春天的地方 , 树木 , 树木 , 山到西部和自然春天 。
dr . jenningswhite has published many articles on the topic of organic chemistry and perfumery .	江宁白博士发表了许多文章 , 在有机化学和大量的主题上发表了许多文章 。
michael:paulo ? i don't believe it . i thought he worked all the timelike my brother .	迈克尔:巴罗多 ? 我不相信它 , 我想他一直在努力把我的兄弟工作 。
my sister has mistaken me for a mushroom . she keeps me in the dark and feeds me shit .	我的姐妹已经错了我 , 她保持我在黑暗里 , 喂我 。
cardinal rosales praised the life of the “extraordinary” saint . “this is his home town .	卡迪纳罗斯在 " 外语 " 圣诞节的生活中赞助了 " 外语 " , " 这是他的家乡 。
" it's only the malicious guys who have to worry about what happens once they submit a result , " livshits says .	利夫什说: " 这只是那些必须担心这些事情发生的巨大的男孩 , 只是他们所提到的结果 , " 利夫什说 。
they made their way to the secondfloor store room , broke down the door and dressed themselves in officers' uniforms .	他们把他们的方法放在第二层楼上 , 把门上 , 穿着自己的办公室 。
the method of ontology merging based on fca can overcome the drawbacks of the traditional ontology merging methods .	基于fca的研究方法 , 可以通过对传统的对象合成的方法进行探讨 。
hplc method for the determination of larginine in cefepime hydrochloride for injection was established .	建立了hplc法测定lgininine的测定方法 , 并建立了注射注射液中的hplc方法 。
software process engineering metamodel is the standard specification that formally describes the software development processes .	软件流程metamodel是形式描述软件开发过程的标准规范 。
for experience discussion of , the article introduces the thinking of a large number of preqin confucianism and taoism .	为了探讨 , 文章介绍了大量前秦儒家的思想和思想 。
returning to the familiar kitchen he slides a knife along his letters , slitting out their folded information .	回到了熟悉的厨房 , 他沿着他的信里滑过一封刀子 , 慢慢出他们的折叠的信息 。
then the people of the land killed all who had plotted against king amon , and they made josiah his son king in his place .	然后 , 这个土地的人杀了所有人 , 又在他的地方 。
ulta , another retail chain , was among the first to put mass and prestige offerings on the same selling floor .	另外一个零售链 , 是第一次放大量和压力提供同样销售的地板 。
daguerre did not need to make money from the invention to live , since he had been pensioned by the french government .	丹格尔没有必要从发明中赚钱 , 因为他被法国政府所惩罚的法国政府 。
how can you tell people that eating the filets of a shark is fine , but eating the fins of that very same animal is not fine ?	你怎么能告诉人们吃一只鲨鱼的文件很好 , 可是吃这件动物的芬芳吗 ?
for sensing air temperature under heavy loading appliances such as fan heater , hot air tunnel ...etc...	对于在重载载荷下的传感空气温度 , 如fan热热器、热空气隧道等 。
when power converters operate at boost mode , the lowvoltage side battery will discharge and provide power for dclink ;	当电力转换器在增强模式操作时 , 低压侧电池将分散 , 并为dclink提供电力 ;
its downfall occurred in 1256 as a result of the expansion of the mongol empire into iran and syria .	它的下面发生在1256年 , 由于蒙古帝国扩张到伊朗和叙利亚 。
this paper has established a bistable region diagram and a boundary diagram of the failure to attenuating vibration .	本文建立了一个bistable的区域图和一个界面图 , 加强振动的失效图 。
the contextual linkages of records should carry the information needed for an understanding of the transactions that created and used them .	记录的上下文链接应该对创建的交易所需要的信息进行认识 , 并使用它们的交易 。
in this hot summer , let your computer desktop has become full of fantasy , full of temptation to it !	在今年夏天 , 让你的电脑桌面已经成为全面的幻想 , 全部尝试 !
micro electro mechanical systems multigranularity macromodeling nonstandard structure model order reduction ;	微型电子机械系统多重宏观模式非标准结构的非标准结构秩序降低 ;
aim to investigate the chemical constituents of the rhizomes of anemarrhena asphodeloides bunge .	目的探讨阿尔纳纳亚硫化剂的化学成分 。
" before it happened i loved school , i loved everything about it , " redding , now 19 , said on cnn television .	" 在这里 , 我喜欢学校之前 , 我喜欢一切东西 , " 现在 , 19岁 , 现在 , cn电视台上说 。
the space is dotted with various types of houses and tradesman 's workshops with their messy yards .	空间被用各种类型的房屋和贸易人员的工作 , 与他们的消息相结合 。
we also learnt about some local fauna including a toad in the family bufonidae which is toxic if eaten .	我们还学习一些当地的法国 , 包括一个在家庭bufonida中包含一个顶部的bufonida的话题 。
but therein lies a danger the danger of assuming that tangible , quantifiablethings are all there is to an impasse .	然而 , 在有一个危险的假设中 , 可定量的事物都有一个难以置信的危险 。
the construction theorem of regular semigroups with orthodox transversals was given by a simpler formal set .	通过简单的形式设置 , 给出了常规半聚合物的结构理论 。
qualitatively analyze the existing problem of the antenna height scanning for the eut with radiating characteristicsin the measurement method .	定量分析了安娜高度扫描现有的问题 , 采用辐射特性测量方法的测量方法 。
but we must remind our comrades that they must truly follow the spirit of the " may 7th directive " .	但是我们必须提醒我们的折射 , 他们必须真正遵循 " 的精神 " 的精神 , 7月7日的直接 " 。
young bloods are full of ambition and pride once they have collected their first trophy the skull of their kill .	年轻的血液充满了象征和价格 , 他们第一次收集他们的杀死的皮肤 。
tumbling this price positions significantly increase potential null layout has been positive .	结合这种价格的价格位置明显增加潜在的null布局已经积极 。
the result testified the difference of antiinfection for nematodirus spp between poll dorset and mongolian sheep .	结果表明 , 抗感染对肿瘤doret和蒙古羊之间的抗感染差异有显著的影响 。
" beyond the mountain's olive tree " , " little river up " , " village crossing " and others .	" 远在山上的橄榄树 " , " 小河 " , " 村庄交叉 " , 和其他人 。
in a video image from new zealand's tvnz , men carry a wounded man after he is pulled from the rubble .	在新西兰的电视台图片中 , 男人在他从橡胶上拿到了一个伤害的男人 。
in 1990 hazen took on a second position , as professor of earth science at george mason university .	1990年 , 哈森在乔治·马森大学的地球科学教授 。
ozark's turkey farmers are not immune to the issues that are hurting farm communities everywhere .	奥扎克的土耳其农民都不免免免疫 , 每个地方的农场社区都在任何地方 。
the alien seeds thus took roots , sprouted and grew into such big plantain trees on top of other trees .	因此 , alien种子就用根 , 速度和绿化到其他树顶部的大规划树上 。
“the volksparteien are coming to an end , ” says peter l&ouml ; sche , a political scientist .	" 火山公园将来到一个结束 " , 彼得·l&uml说 , 一个政治科学家 。
sediment samples collected from seven stations in xiamen western harbour were processed qualitatively and quantitatively .	厦门西汉堡的沉积样品集中在七个地方的沉积样品 , 定量地处理了 。
both succumbed to the temptations of drink and women , and had uneasy relations with the critics and the press .	两人都对饮料和妇女的感到抱怨 , 与批评家和压力相关 。
dashboard receives contextual information from the focused application and uses it to query a selection of backend stores .	戴什board收到了集中应用程序的文本信息 , 并使用它查询后端存储的选择 。
agv grandbase system is a set of software to control and manage many agvs to accomplish many material transit tasks .	gvgvgandbase系统是控制软件 , 管理许多能完成许多材料传输任务 。
as the first chapter of book five begins , there is a drought in surrey which has prompted a hosepipe ban .	第一章 , 第一章 , 开始了五章 , 这里有一个药物 , 这些药物已经推出了一个希望的ban 。
with convenient transportation:it's 220km from shanghai , 65km from hangzhou , 290km from ningbo .	运输方便:上海220公里 , 上海65公里 , 290公里的290公里 。
when the swiss author robert walser created a portrait of a poet , he actually wrote a selfportrait .	当瑞士作者罗伯特·沃尔特创造了一个诗歌的港口时 , 他实际上写了自己的肖像 。
everything you have thought , said , and done makes up the kind of person you are now , and also contains the seeds of your future .	每一件你都有思想 , 说 , 你现在是这样做的 , 也包含了你未来的种子的种子 。
one terrorist nuke , assembled from stray exsoviet fissile material , can ruin your whole day .	一个恐怖的nuke , 由straysovisfisile材料组成 , 可以将整个日子毁掉 。
afternoon listening to two friends talk about the past , think of " the dream into reality . " this paragraph of word .	下午听过去两个朋友谈论过去 , 想 " 梦想 " 的想法是真实的 。
the nature and characters of operations research , the knowledge system , the developing history , applications , functions in the business decisions .	业务决策的自然和特点 , 知识系统 , 开发历史、应用程序、应用程序、功能等 。
" i'm a vampire , and i've been alive for over 500 years , " bensley said , according to erickson .	据埃里克森说: " 我是一个疫苗 , 我已经在500多年了 。 "
so does theresa may , who is under pressure to cut police numbers as a result of the austerity programme .	因此 , 在压力削减警察数字的情况下 , 因此 , 这些事情可能会使警察数字减少 。
well it came when elijah , the amazing prophet of the one and only god picked me to be a prophet like him after he died .	所以 , 当埃利雅的时候 , 唯一的神只抓住我 , 就像他死后 , 死后 , 就像上帝一样 。
attending his reading , he said , were large numbers of hispanic people , 40 , 000 of whom lived in the same city .	他说 , 参加他的阅读 , 大多数历史人 , 40万人住在同一个城市 。
in order to make sure , i think you should have a threeglass urine test made as well as an examination of the prostatic secretion .	为了确定 , 我认为你应该有三个玻璃涡轮测试 , 以及测试安装分泌的检查 。
the school has minhang , yangpu two main campus , is now actively strive to build a new campus port .	学校有小唐 , 杨普两个主要校园 , 现在积极努力建立一个新的校园 。
the company has cable research institute with powerful technical strength and domestic advanced product r&d capability .	本公司拥有强大的技术力量和国内先进产品r&d能力的研究机构 。
wang condensation cold that lost touch with organizations , the white sea angel dumpling also admitted his revenge .	王连续冷却 , 失去了组织 , 白海的天赋也承认他的收入 。
therefore , it is critical that governments place investing in immunization high on their national health agendas .	因此 , 因此 , 政府在他们国家卫生组织的免疫高度上投资的国家卫生组织 。
this paper presents the principle and methods for design and calculation of the deviationmeasuring mechanism of the inclinometer .	本文给出了设计和计算的原理及计算方法 。
under the influence of welfare pluralism , community care has become one of main strategies of coping the problem .	在对福利多元主义影响下 , 社区护理成为复制问题的主要战略之一 。
i actually jogged every day when i was in jail , and i took shower with cold water no matter if it was snowing oring .	实际上 , 我每天都在jail上玩笑 , 我用寒冷的水 , 无论如果它正在滑雪 , 还没有 。
richclient documents can be saved to a persistent medium as new documents or as part of the data from which they originated .	丰富的文档可以被保存到一个持久的中介中 , 或者作为他们原始的数据的数据的一个部分 。
the chemical deburring solution features good stability , long service life and lower roughness of the treated steel surface .	化学缺陷解决方案具有良好的稳定性 , 长寿寿寿寿命和低粗糙度 。
he is supported by 4 junior ministers with specific responsibilites , who are also elected politicians .	他是由4名专门负责人支持的官员 , 他们也被选为政治家 。
housing activists and scholars said this electionyear bill will ease , but not end , the housing crisis .	住宅活动家和学者说 , 这个选举年度将很容易 , 但是不结束 , 房子危机 。
jillian's goal is to capture the best portrait she can within that timeframe and your job is to assist her in doing so .	吉利亚的目标是抓住最好的港口 , 她可以在那段时间框架内和你的工作是帮助她这样做 。
mr evans says that from now on immigration will play a bigger role in the “structure of australia’s workforce” .	埃文斯坦说 , 现在 , 移民将在澳大利亚的 " 结构中扮演更大的角色 " 。
it is a very sobering responsibility to know that you are preparing for the future , china's next generation of leaders .	这是一个非常令人震惊的责任 , 知道今后你是准备的 , 中国的下一代领导人 。
this loss embitters humans , and they have a warlike view of diplomacy — swing first , ask questions later .	这个失去的象征人类 , 他们有一个战争观点 , 首先打开 , 问问问问题 。
core plate strengthening soft soil base is with the characteristics of rapid speed , better effect and easy construction .	核心板板加强软土基地 , 具有快速速速、效果较好、易于建设的特点 。
for example , mindtree consulting was founded 1999 in anticipation of the very threats that have now materialised .	例如 , 199999年建立了心态咨询 , 目前已被发现的很严重的威胁 。
it is 50 times bigger than the original one and covers 240 sqm the equivalent area of 22 london buses .	比原来一个和240公里的22伦敦公共的等效地区50倍 , 比原来的大约50倍 。
but god not only forgives the past , he clothes you in righteousness as though you had never committed a sin .	但是上帝不仅忘记过去 , 他在正确的时候 , 尽管你从来没有承诺一个罪 。
watching people cling to6 each other , crying , and holding each other in that last embrace makes me appreciate what i have even more .	看着人们每个人 , 哭了 , 每个人都在那个时代 , 让我欣赏我更多的东西 。
delayed coke is a quite mature processing technic , and it is looked as an ordinary means of deepprocess .	延迟的coke是一个非常成熟的处理技术 , 看起来是一个普通的手段 。
at the peak of the housing boom in 2005 , sales of both existing and new homes were running at twice the 1976 rate .	2005年住房房房房间的峰值在2005年 , 两家房屋的销售和新房屋在1976年的两倍运行 。
methods: 6 sb patients and 8 normal persons were monitored with polysomnography during the whole night .	方法:对全夜间6个sb患者和8个正常人进行监测 。
and her boys , were they getting on well at belvedere ? was that so ? father conmee was very glad indeed to hear that .	她的男孩 , 他们在水平上得到了好吗 ? 父亲的想法很高兴 , 真的听到 。
nonmedical use of prescription drugs was also more common in the 5059 age group than in the 60andover age group .	非传统的使用药物在5059岁以上 , 比60年龄的年龄组更常见 。
the distinguished chinese guests , it is certainly in the fundamental interest of our people to trade and be friend with chinese people .	中国的客人 , 在我们人民交易的基本利益中 , 与中国人相互兴趣的基本利益和朋友 。
we can also guess that such a toothbrush may hurt the man’s teeth as well as his mood , inconveniencing him greatly .	我们也可以猜测这样的牙齿可能会伤害他的牙齿 , 还有他的情绪 , 便使他很容易 。
but an overconfident lee thought that , having reinforced both flanks , meade would be weak in the center .	但是 , 一个超信心的学习思想 , 加强了两个旗帜 , 中央就会弱 。
vanilla , being the most popular flavor , was in a separate case at the front of the store for quick pickup .	瓦尼拉 , 是最受欢迎的旗帜 , 是一个独立的例子在店前面的独立案例 。
women over thirty and/or women who are divorced have an almost leperlike status in chinese dating culture .	三十岁以上女性在中国日报文化几乎已经离婚了一名女性 。
people familiar with these moors often miss their road on such evenings ; and i can tell you there is no chance of a change at present .	人们熟悉这些母亲通常在这样的晚上 , 我可以告诉你现在没有改变的机会 。
sexy tianjin is a new shellfish tv show about love , lust , youth culture and street life in china's city .	性天津是中国城市青年文化和街道生活的新型羊肉电视 。
and then i heard the news on tv screen , the death roll is now 21 , 000 and over 100 , 000 injured .	然后我听到电视屏幕的报道 , 死亡滚动现在是21 , 000人 , 000人伤害 。
experimental results showed that eg inserted into the cellar char with a " worm " like structure after it was expanded .	实验结果表明 , 埃及与 " 伤害 " 相似 , 如此扩大 。
insincere answer could be more natural just as the versatile golf player waves his arms at pleasure .	自从回答器可以更加自然 , 因为高尔夫球员在快乐中浪费他的军队 。
other kinds of corn have less water and do not pop . when you heat a seed of corn , the water inside makes the corn explode .	其他类型的玉米有较少的水 , 没有粉 , 当你热量玉米的玉米时 , 水里会使玉米开发 。
chemical in red wine , fruits and vegetables stops cancer , heart disease , depending on the dose	红葡萄酒、水果和蔬菜停止癌症 , 心脏病 , 依赖剂量依赖剂量 。
i had never realized i could spend so much before i got going on this adventure , now i have to live on my credit card for a while .	我从来没有意识到 , 现在我已经在这家冒险上花了很多钱 , 现在我必须在我的信用卡上活在一张时候 。
are the responsibilities of each committee clearly defined ? do these definitions meet the needs of the district ?	每个委员会的责任是明显定义的 ? 这些定义会满足区的需要 ?
one application the researchers envision for the camera is flow cytometry , a technique used for blood analysis .	一个应用程序研究人员为摄像机流动循环 , 一种用于血液分析的技术 。
he had promised , he said , to “maintain the confidence and preserve inviolate” the secrets of his client .	他承诺 , 他说 , " 要保持信心和保存他的客户端的秘密 。
in the paper the structure of dnb was introduced , and the theory of negative high voltage power supply was stressed .	本文介绍了dnb的结构 , 并提出了负高压供电的负电理论 。
but how to standard conduct neuropsychological assess scale of pocd is no consensus currently .	但是如何规范地评估pocd的神经神经细胞学评估范围 , 目前没有考虑 。
every time i ask her for advice , she is always ready to help , and explains to my full satisfaction .	每次我都要求她的建议 , 她总是准备帮助 , 并解释我完全满意的解释 。
this versatile dual scanner has two pairs of output lines which makes it suitable for a wide variety of uses .	这个版本双扫描器有两个输出线 , 使它适用于广泛的使用 。
if you treat bschool like an amazing educational experience , chances are you'll get a lot out of it .	如果你要处理bsool , 就像一个令人惊讶的教育经验 , 你会得到很多钱 。
britain withdrew an invitation to the ambassador from syria over violence against protesters there .	英国一名邀请来自叙利亚的暴力对抗抗抗抗暴力的袭击者 。
i retorted angrily: “their vocal cord sounds as if it was kissed by god , without any hurt . ”	我很愤怒地回到: " 第三个ocal的角色听起来就像上帝吻了 , 没有任何伤害 。 "
but subsequently they had quarrels and combats with the natives , of whom they killed a considerable number .	然而 , 随后他们还有四分之一的关系 , 他们杀死了一个可考的数字 。
the research study was thoroughly developed in the guiyang senior high school and obtained the remarkable result .	本研究在广阳高中开发的研究中 , 得到了显著的结果 。
he got petya transferred from obolensky's regiment to bezuhov's , which was in formation near moscow .	他在莫斯科附近的莫斯科附近获得了petya转移 , 这是在莫斯科附近的形成 。
strengthen intelligenceled operations , including the use of strategic undercover and covert operations .	强化智能的操作 , 包括战略地下和覆盖操作的使用 。
the second part is an introduction of the background of the english schoolbased curriculum development in our school .	第二部分是我校英语课程发展的背景 。
the dream is to be inmorpheuswhen , a few not by complete lowkey coriaceous cell group working place causes .	梦想是为了记忆的 , 几乎没有完全低密钥的皮质细胞组合的工作场所 。
the chinese premier also visited the luanda general hospital , a social welfare project funded by china .	中国总理还访问了罗拿大医院 , 中国社会福利项目基金会的社会福利项目 。
another example is changing the location of a table space container , which can also be done using backup and restore .	另一个例子是改变表空间容器的位置 , 还可以使用背部和恢复 。
he believed that , without causing damage to the mansion of business name brand , but will enhance their clout .	他相信 , 没有导致商业名字品牌的损害 , 但不会增强他们的切削 。
mercator's world is a bimonthly magazine on the exploration , discovery , and mapping of earth and space .	默瓦斯特的世界是一个月的杂志在探索、发现、地球和地球的探索、地球和空间的两个月杂志 。
the euricase will run you $198 . 95 and transferring video and images is done by usb from your computer .	欧盟将在电脑中运行198.95美元 , 转移视频和图像 。
an investigation of foraminifera was conducted in the last glacial loess along the coast of the bohai sea .	最后一次全球损失沿海沿海海沿岸的一项调查 。
tests are similar to recent actual gres in length , question types , and degree of difficulty .	测试与最近的实际格式相似 , 问卷类型和困难程度相似 。
the paper compares the economical efficiency of the vrv heat pump air condition system to the traditional heating systems .	比较了vrvvv热泵空气系统的经济效率 , 给出了传统热系统的经济效率 。
the film is an american version of a two thousand eight french thriller called " pour elle . "	电影是美国版本 , 一个叫做 " 诗歌 " 的美国版本 。
20 the lampstands of pure gold with their lamps , to burn in front of the inner sanctuary as prescribed ;	二十年后 , 纯金和他们的灯光 , 烧在内部的圣经前面 ;
there were many taoist sects in the t'ang dynasty , in which , the shangqing sect had the most important influence .	唐代时代有许多陶瓷学家 , 在这里 , 上清区具有最重要的影响 。
the development of commodity economy has given birth to the popular of christmas and other foreignfestival .	商品经济的发展已经给出了基督教和其他外国节日的流行 。
xu song in " a little knowledge of xinjiang " in the show every side of the ideological governance .	徐宋在 " 新疆 " 的一个小知识 , 显示了每一侧的思想治治理 。
the date of the first soaking rain in spring sowing period of liaoning province is of obvious inter decadal characteristics .	辽宁省的第一次声音下雨时期是明显的十年间特征 。
all ssaa inc . instructors have attained the certificate 4 in workplace training and assessment .	所有的ssac.incters已经在工作场训练和评估中保持了证书4 。
" we could have given this money to the people in the camps in darfur , to the vaccine for aids , " ibrahim said .	伊布拉希姆说: " 我们可以把这些钱放在黑暗中 , 给疫苗提供给疫苗的疫苗 。 "
see , us thumbslummers and boxjumpers , we get a little puckish when it comes to cars , you know ?	看 , 我们的umbsumbsumbsumlmer和boxjumumumumumumumumumumumumumumumumpumpumpumt时 , 我们得到了很少的puckish , 你知道吗 ?
who can know that your eyelids have not been touched with lampblack ? for your eyes are darker than rainclouds .	谁能知道你的眼睛没有与拉拉伯黑人触摸吗 ? 因为你的眼睛比雨云更黑了 。
and in the middle , you have a large number of " maybes " who seem like they might just be able to contribute something .	在中间 , 你有大量的 " 可能 " 的 " 或许他们似乎只是能为了贡献一些东西 。
is a change in the database manager or database configuration the reason for a bottleneck , such as a sort overflow ?	数据库管理器或数据库配置的原因是瓶颈的一个变化 ?
objective: to investigate the risk of cerebral infarction of patients with type 2 diabetes and control methods .	目的:探讨2型糖尿病和控制方法的危险 。
as soups in this cookbook are mildly nutritious , they are , therefore , suitable to be consumed all the year round .	因此 , 在这本烹饪书中 , 正如在营养 , 因此 , 适合每年都可以消费 。
resultsthe gestational age at delivery and birthweight were significantly smaller in severe group than that in mild one .	结果在交付和生物体重的gestal年龄比较严重组明显低于严重年龄 。
president bush has chosen a cubanborn business executive to be his new secretary of commerce .	布什总统已经选择了一个城市业务执行官 , 是他的新秘书 。
although it's bad that i couldn't have rice as my lunch , i could still get by with those noodles and dumplings .	虽然这是不错的 , 我不能像我的午餐那样吃饭 , 我仍然可以用这些鼻子和排放 。
last july , bpp was given degreeawarding powers , which meant it was allowed to call itself a university college .	去年7月 , bpp被给予了威胁力量 , 这意味着它可以呼吁自己的大学院 。
i published my first chinese article in 1979 , but writing in earnest did not begin until the fall of 1983 .	我在1979年发表了我第一篇文章 , 但是在1983年初 , 最早就没有开始写到最早的文章 。
when you can take a step back and begin to understand why things are happening , you can look for the positive aftermath .	当你可以采取一个步骤 , 开始了解为什么发生的事情 , 你可以找到积极的后代 。
this means you have to fight if you want to stay skilled , and gives less incentive to rest while your fiefs give income .	这意味着 , 如果你想要保持技能 , 给予注意力更少 , 而且在你的文件给予收入 。
rose of silver up the home , but in order to travel , therefore with guodong no instant returned to jiaming ;	为了旅行 , 为了旅行 , 因此 , 无法回到嘉明 ;
new standards in various industries , including healthcare , have prompted development of xmlenabled applications .	各种行业的新标准包括卫生care , 已经推出了xmlenabled应用程序的发展 。
if you've made a serious mistake , if you've hurted others or yourself , it's of no use to feel guilty .	如果你做了很严重的错误 , 如果你伤害了其他人或自己 , 那就没有用来感觉家庭 。
a host or service is determined to have stopped flapping when its percent state goes below a low flapping threshold .	一个主机或服务是决定在低压阈值下停止的时候停止停止的停止 。
the variable coefficients , the solution itself and its normal flux may be discontinuous across the interface .	变量系数 , 解决方案自身和正常流体可能是在接口中被忽略的 。
aim to investigate the in vitro and in vivo stability of 9nitrocamptothecin lactone form in rat plasma .	目的探讨大鼠血浆中9氮化蛋白激素激素激素激素激素激素激素的稳定性 。
it should send parents — and pediatricians , educators and psychologists — looking for ways to help .	它应该发送父母 , 教育家和心理学家 , 寻求帮助 。
at the first outset , heavy , miry ground and a matted , marish vegetation , greatly delayed our progress ;	在第一场比赛中 , 米里地 , 马里蔬菜 , 大量延迟我们的进步 ;
dado: in classical architecture , the plain portion of the pedestal of a column , between the base and the cornice .	爸do:在经典的建筑中 , 一个柱子的平部部分 , 基地和玉米之间 。
shahin was a mechanic , this was his workshop , and there was a tattered mattress inside a tiny room at the back .	上海是一个机械 , 这是他的作品 , 还有一个在背部的小房间里有一个美味的垫垫 。
chang an received the news , not only did not escape , but wearing a suit , ready to rescue their parents .	长一回到了新闻 , 不仅没有逃避 , 可是穿着衣服 , 准备去救父母 。
he captures the shantytowns where a billion people live now , and where three billion are expected to be living by 2050 .	现在 , 他捕捉了一百万人 , 现在 , 三亿人都希望在2050年住在那里 。
some counties in midwest america have declared a state of emergency due to rainstorms and tornadoes .	一些中期美国的一些国家已经宣布了由于雨水器和rnado所宣布的一份紧急状态 。
gossip: spotted nate archibald learning you don't know a good thing till it's gone and found someone else .	戈斯ip:投入纳粹的阿尔巴德学习你不知道 , 直到它是很好的事情 , 发现有人 。
conclusion lidocaine combined with dexamethasone could prevent the phlebitis caused by doctaxol .	结论ldocaine结合后 , 可以防止dctaxaxol引起的电话机 。
two people wake up , suddenly see jun with spring flowers and adopted by who came and said to search for bingyin .	两人醒来 , 突然看到陪伴随着春花 , 用来搜索 , 并说 , 为了寻找生物 。
she muttered nonsense , silent moon shed a soft light , projected on the ground out of a circle .	她决定了非森林 , 沉默的月亮 , 一个柔软的光 , 被投入在一个圆形的地面上 。
leaders , distinguished guests , ladies and gentlemen , all the employees of jinghua , good afternoon !	领导人 , 分散的客人 , 女子和女人 , 所有的员工都在明华 , 好下午 !
the typical lijiang spruce forest is hardly to see in the lashihai region because of the human's impact on it .	典型的辽江空间林林林林很难看到拉希海地区 , 因为人类对它的影响 。
in fact , burros in the wild are related to pack animals that ran away or were freed by gold miners and others .	事实上 , 在野生中 , 带来了相关的动物 , 或者是由黄金部长和其他人来自的动物 。
archeologists surmise that the gardens were laid out atop a vaulted building , with provisions for raising water .	阿化学家们确信 , 花园被放在一座豪华的建筑上 , 为了提高水提供提供提供提供的证据 。
will the arctic be a 21st century sarajevo , triggering a major war over energy resources ?	本论文将是一个21世纪的萨拉杰夫 , 试图在能源资源上的重大战争 ?
yueyue’s unexpected death has revived a fierce international debate over good samaritan laws .	耶鲁的死亡期待死亡已经获得了一个更多的国际辩论 。
the principle , manufacture and application of periodically poled lithium niobate are introduced in detail .	详细介绍了周期聚合锂酸钠的原理、制造和应用 。
overcome by grief and dementia , leoric had many of the townsfolk executed for the crime of high treason .	由伊利亚和德里亚的评论 , 学者们在高原因的批评中执行了许多城镇工具 。
result the membrane filtration avoided interference of media by using isopropyl myristate as solvent .	结果 , 采用异丙型神经酯作为溶剂 , 避免了介质介质介质的干扰 。
in1893 , at the age of 27 , he reports on an illumination method he has devised for photomicrography .	1893年 , 在27岁的时候 , 他报道了一个照明方法 。
thereby the significance of these poems to her was made very clear , and readers may benefit from her experiences .	对于这些诗歌的意义来说 , 这些诗歌的意义很明显 , 读者可能从她的经验中获益 。
the making home affordable program aims to prevent up to 4 , 000 , 000foreclosureforeclosures .	为了防止4 , 00000个可供应的失效力 。
in fact , gaseous velocity and pressure in a cross section change in radial and circumferential direction .	实际上 , 高度速度和压力在辐射和循环方向下的交叉分泌中变化 。
therefore , if you spend 2 hours in classroom training and evaluation , each student would earn 0 . 2 ceu .	因此 , 如果你在教室培训和评估 , 每个学生都会获得0.2个小时 。
accurate dft studies of the static dipole polarizabilities of anthracene and phenanthrene were reported .	报道了安拉尼和苯乙烯的静态二极极聚合物的准确性研究 。
next he put eggs in a pan of water on the stove . eggsalad sandwiches were bear's favorite .	接下来 , 他把鸡蛋放在水上 , 蛋糕的沙漠里 。
the results show that the large margin is obtained in guangdong nuclear power plant with 18months fuel cycle .	结果表明 , 随着18个月的燃料周期 , 广东核电厂获得了大规模的标志 。
in laboratory tests , they found that a lectin called banlec was as potent as two current hiv drugs .	在实验室测试中 , 他们发现 , 一个叫做blec被称为 " 艾滋病毒药物 " 。
the 400 im not only requires strength and speed in all four strokes , but also tremendous endurance .	400mim不仅需要强度和速度 , 每四个字符串中 , 而且还有极大的保险 。
" when the exslave has fixed his thumbprint to this public document , " pandit says , " they can't go back .	帕德特说: " 当解释了他的数字 , 把他的数字放在这个公众文档中 , " 帕德特说 , " 他们不能回来 。
everybody can see that he is a class player . he is so different . i cannot find any other striker that looks like him or plays like him .	每个人都可以看到他是一个班级 。 他很不同 , 我不能找到其他的手段 , 看起来像他一样 , 或者像他一样玩耍 。
the researchers said their findings could also apply to those who claim they rely on a morning cup of tea to get their brains going。	研究人员说 , 他们的研究人员还可以申请他们依赖早上杯茶 , 以获得他们的脑袋 。
" look no one's going to come and give you food or water , " said the man . " god will provide for me , " was the only answer .	" 看没有人会来 , 给你吃水或水 , " 上帝会为我提供 , " 是唯一答案 。
overeating won't increase your depression , but gaining weight will . you need to fit into your job interview suit .	过度不会增加你的抑郁 , 但获得重量 , 你需要适合你的工作采访 。
after the iss got the internet , he started posting twitpics from space , earning a loyal following .	后来 , 他开始从太空中放出两个图表 , 赚了一个忠实的跟随 。
ah mui also said , on the other day she just wanted to say what she thinks about the whole thing , without any intention to fight .	穆伊还说 , 另一天 , 她只是想说她对整个事情的想法 , 没有任何意见 。
materials and methods: the model of transplanted tumor was made by vaccination of hepatoma h22 in the right axilla .	材料和方法:通过正确的axa中 , 制备了移植的肿瘤模型 。
at least i got the senate to pass it late , so i could veto it after they went home and they couldn’t override it .	至少我还得到了这个感觉 , 所以我可以在家里走过后 , 他们就不能超过它 。
in this paper , we determined and compared the strength limits of mandible , ilium , skull and rib .	本论文中 , 我们确定了与人类的强度、ilium、skull和rib的强度限制 。
koth's species has been established as a zabrak , making him of the same alien species as the deadly darth maul .	韩国的种子被建立为zabrak , 使他同样的种类 , 作为死亡的马拉尔 。
with the extensive use of the hv ic , the design of hlv compatible integrated circuits have become more and more important .	随着hvic的广泛使用 , hlvv兼容电路的设计已经越来越重要 。
dam type power device: to be mainly fixed on the shore for providing electric power to factories , houses and others on shore .	大坝类型电力设备:主要是为了提供电力工厂、房屋和其他厂家提供固定的 。
the 21yearold denmark international is widely regarded as one of the brightest defensive prospects in europe .	21岁的丹麦国际人士广泛被视为欧洲最亮的防御前景之一 。
the women , who were a median age of 35 years old at diagnosis , were observed for 17 , 408 personyears .	妇女是诊断35岁的女性 , 观察了17 , 408岁的男性 。
the midfielder's departure from bayern munich has already been confirmed and he will be leaving on a bosman transfer .	中场的部门已经被证实了 , 他将在一个老板上留下 。
fascinating creatures , phoenixes . they can carry immensely heavy loads . their tears have healing powers .	面对生物 , 凤凰x , 它们可以立即携带重量负荷 , 他们的泪水已经健康的力量 。
in such a case , the organization could use a simple progress checklist to exercise control over the mechanisms and initiatives .	在这样一个情况下 , 组织可以使用一个简单的进步检查单的进步检查器来执行机制和机制 。
handcrafted in england of wood and fiberglass , the oval shaped interior measures just over 6 ft . in diameter .	手工在木材和纤维玻璃的英格兰 , 只有6英镑的内部措施只有6英镑 。
knowledge capital is the generic name of all invisible capitals in hospital at era of knowledgedriven economy .	知识资本是我国知识经济时代的所有可能资本的一般名字 。
the royal melbourne philharmonic has many reasons to celebrate . and it shared the celebration with the audience .	皇家梅尔伯·梅尔伯恩·菲尔蒙蒙特有许多理由庆祝 , 并与观众分享了庆祝 。
in the uae , shah rukh has endorsed du , the country's second telecom operator other than etisalat .	在美国 , 应该在俄罗克已经结束了 , 国家的第二次电信操作员比埃塞尔 。
the forwardosmosis membranes only release fresh water into the ocean , and don't permit salty water to contaminate the bags .	前氧化成分仅释放新鲜水 , 而不允许盐水污染袋 。
we would have welcomed more help from our city council – that never ­happened , which is why we pursued kirkby .	我们将欢迎越来越多的帮助我们的城市委员会 , 这从来没有发生 , 这就是为什么我们购买了kirkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkby 。
say you've got a limited wage budget and a maximum of 5k a week , yet the player you want is demanding 7k .	说你已经有限的工资预算和最大的5周 , 但是你想要的球员要求7k 。
bloodsurge: now has a chance to trigger from any hit with heroic strike , bloodthirst , or whirlwind .	血液保险:现在有机会从任何英雄的严格、血管、血管或whilwind触发任何机会 。
an efficient numerical method is proposed for calculation of the first crossing reliability of non stationary process linear combination .	提出了一种非静态过程线性结合的第一个交叉可靠性计算的有效数值方法 。
as regard to marketing channels , the project shall adopt the authorized sales agent model to improve efficiency .	随着市场渠道 , 项目应采用授权的销售代理模型 , 以提高效率 。
some farmers fear , however , that crosspollination could create lowerquality hybrid plants and lead to economic losses .	然而 , 一些农民担心 , 交叉反应可以创造低质量的混合植物 , 并导致经济损失 。
the researchers learned that feathers of different shapes and sizes resulted in different frequencies with different harmonic structures .	研究人员发现 , 不同形状和大小尺寸的空气在不同的谐结构中产生的不同频率 。
objective to study the effect of retrograde intramedullary nail for the supracondylar and intercondylar fracture of the distal femur .	目的探讨回顾性腹腔内钉的作用 。
the tool is fitted with a progressive throttle action , which allows a low speed with a small throttle opening .	工具配备了一个进步的throtle操作 , 它允许低速的速度与一个小的throtle开放 。
the pid control adopted the location algorithm , and restricted the extent of control quantity and integral increase quantity .	pd控制采用位置算法 , 限制了控制量和集成量的出口 , 增加了数量 。
pseudophase liquid chromatographyfor the separation of ionizable and strong polar organic compounds was developed .	研制了可离子和强有机化合物分离的pudoph相色谱法 。
mercure suzhou park hotel & suites is the ideal choice for your meeting or social occasion in suzhou .	商户苏州市公园酒店和建议是您会议或社交场所的理想选择 。
the anatomic characteristics of the anterior communicating arterial fenestration were observed under the operating microscope .	通过运行微镜下观察了反交通的原子特性 。
scissor cuts a flower to want to use sharp knife , need not shears , with early morning or dusk advisable .	扫描器切削了一朵花 , 想使用鲨鱼刀 , 不需要剪切 , 早晨或鸭子可建议 。
in procedure aspect , argumentation from coherence needs an equal debate and dialogue among judge , party and other attendee .	在过程中 , 由于核心的论述需要在法官、党和其他事件中等等的辩论和对话 。
forget about spending christmas eve watching a movie alone or the holiday vacation reading a 1200page book .	忘记花费基督教徒 , 看电影 , 或者假日的假日变化阅读一本1200页的书 。
terry lundgren is chief executive of macy's , the company that owns macy's and bloomingdales department store .	terryrylundregren是macy的首席执行官 , 公司拥有智能和布局的公司 。
very possibly , whatever surprises you will occur in a group situation like a class , conference , convention or meeting .	很可能的是 , 无论你会在一个类、会议、会议、会议、会议、会议、会议、会议或会上发生什么意思 。
we generally trust our capacity to manage ourselves , but we do not trust the capacity of others to manage themselves .	我们通常坚信我们自己的能力 , 但是我们不信任别人的能力 。
vietnamese deputy foreign minister pham binh minh calls the talks , which ended monday , productive .	维etmese部长binh称 , 周一结束 , 美国外交部长布林·布恩·布恩·米哈·布恩·布恩·布恩·布恩·布恩·米哈在周一结束 。
invoke loud you heart trouble ... follow the rhythm ... zedoary their hair together nerve ... !	邀请你听到麻烦...跟着节奏.....................他们的头发一起............
the key points of the operation and the stripping methods and effects of the defective chromium deposit were introduced .	介绍了缺陷染色体缺陷染色体缺陷染色体的关键点及作用 。
if modulus matches the sign of the denominator , then the result of division truncates toward minus infinity .	如果模块匹配了消除器的信号 , 然后分割的结果将导致的分割向最小的限制 。
objective to study the effect of nasolacrimal duct reconstruction for refractory congenital dacryocystitis with ktp laser .	目的探讨纳米乳腺管复苏对tp激光患者的折射性损伤的影响 。
you have a single messaging engine that gets created automatically when you add the cluster as a member of the si bus .	当你加入集群作为sibusssibus的集群时 , 你有一个单个消息引擎 , 可以自动创建自动地创建 。
a flat surface will block the wind flow and also create a dead water region to trap the bug before it is squashed .	一个平板表面将阻止风流 , 并且在它平方之前创建一个死水区 。
the report finds the united states continued to be the main country of destination for asylum seekers of all nationalities in 2008 .	报告发现 , 美国仍然是2008年全国各地的主要国家地位 。
any number of response text documents can have their rich or plain text body field appended to an email message .	任何一些响应文本文档都可以拥有他们的丰富或平原文本身份 , 适用于电子邮件消息 。
murrieta boasts an educated , highincome population comparable to communities in san diego and orange counties .	穆里特拉·波特拉博士教育的教育 , 高收入人口比较了桑哥和橙县的社区 。
the panel is a nonvoting one , but even fda advisory panels which don't vote are still reviewed by the agency .	巴尼尔是一个非投票者 , 但是即使fda的建议板 , 甚至没有投票机构仍然被评估 。
under the market condition that has formed 10 years afore and experience , can more companies are joined , will build an industry chain .	在市场条件下 , 已经成立了10年的经验 , 可以更多的公司加入 , 将建立一个行业链 。
" you need a cut to force the institution to make changes to the system , " says berkson , who coordinated the budget deliberations .	伯克森说: " 你需要一个切削力量来使系统变化 , " 伯克逊说 , 他协调了预算辩护 。
journalists learned that the previous inspection , guicheng has ordered two " five noes " in the construction of the plant work .	记者们学习 , 前一次检查 , 广东已经订了两个 " 五节 " 的建筑 。
he's the author of perfumes: the guide , and the subject of chandler burr's 2003 book the emperor of scent .	他是论坛的作者:2003年burr的主题 , 2003年的英文书的皇帝 。
aibullet television ltd is a integrated video production , market research , planning , design and delivery of integrated services company .	aibulletet电视有限公司是一家集成的视频生产、市场研究、计划、计划、设计和交付服务公司 。
to provide customers with high quality fashion products , and do a good job for every one thing ' is used to one style of qadir .	为了提供客户提供高质量的时尚产品 , 为每一件事都用来做好的工作 , 用于qadir的一个类型 。
because of the common offset working mode of gpr , there are large amount of horizontal coherent noise in the gpr record .	由于常见的是gpr工作模式 , 在gpr记录中有大量的水平核心噪声 。
what does the new science tell us about how corina's 28yearold brain produced corina's 28yearold mind ?	新科学告诉我们 , 28岁的大脑怎样产生的28岁的大脑 ?
we went to the seaside , the same blue sea and sky , on the beach sundrenched , is piece very enjoy it .	我们去海岸 , 同样蓝海和天空 , 在海滩上 , 海滩上 , 很喜欢它 。
sagittarians are positive people ; they have a bright outlook on life , are enterprising , full of energy and vitality .	萨格特特拉特人是积极的人 ; 他们在生活上拥有一个明亮的外包 , 是企业 , 充满能源和活力 。
in general , wastes do not have or exhibit an intrinsic hazard of infectiousness , except in very specific cases .	一般来说 , 废物并没有或展示感染的内在危险 , 除了很具体的案例 。
but nothing of the kind happens . instead , the arpeggios evolve through a succession of gently unexpected harmonies .	但是 , 没有什么事情发生 。 相反 , 通过一次不期望的和谐的成功而逐渐进化 。
objective:to study the content of tyrosinase in the blood and hemorrheology in vitiligo animal pathological pattern .	目的:观察动物病理模式的血红蛋白酶的含量 。
all jcss gases are assigned their values using gravimetric standard gases analyzed by the government agency .	所有的jcsss气体都被指定了利用政府机构对称标准的价值 。
this step , however , is the one that has caused the most intense frustration in prebiotic chemistry research for the past several decades .	然而 , 这个步骤是因为过去几十年来最强烈的水果 。
each contestant was given a towel to sit on and to cover themselves when naked , but only after they had stripped completely .	每个客户都被送到一座塔上 , 然后盖上自己的名字时 , 只有在他们完全被抓住了 。
it provides a single and complete view of customers , partners , products , and business through data warehouses or federation .	它提供了一个单一和完整的客户、合作伙伴、产品和经过数据仓库或联邦的业务 。
a company may sometimes resort to selling at a loss in order to force its rivals into bankruptcy , and then dominate the market .	公司可能有时记录在一家损失的损失 , 为了力量它的财富进入破产 , 然后消除市场 。
normally when using git , you can assume that your repository is a little bit behind what is located on kernel . org .	通常使用git时 , 可以假设您的存储库后面的一个小位置在kernel.org 。
now our electricity , phone , insurance and cable bills are automatically withdrawn from our account each month .	现在我们的电力 , 电话 , 保险和电缆账户自动地从我们每个月的账户中获得 。
thus he tried to alter and abolish the unequal treaties , limited and cancelled western powers' privilege in china ;	因此 , 他试图将独特的处理 , 限制了西方的权力的权力 ;
if i focus the rays of sun with a burning glass , even in the coldest days of winter , i can kindle a fire with ease .	如果我注意太阳的光芒 , 甚至在冬天最冷的日子里 , 我可以轻松的火焰 。
the government should take appropriate policies to assure these western enterprises' leading status in the technological innovation .	政府应当采取适当的政策 , 以确保这些西方企业的领先地位 。
therefore , if god sees us through the eyes of his beloved son , then we ought to start seeing ourselves through jesus as well .	因此 , 如果上帝看到我们在他的儿子的眼睛 , 然后我们开始通过耶稣开始看到自己 。
but to a broadminded one , difference means richness in colors and postures and diversity embodies unity and harmony .	但是对于一个广泛的 , 差异意味着颜色和多样的体现单元和谐 。
creative industries and nonwoven bag close economic ties , its nonwoven bag huge impetus to the development of industry .	创造性产业和非wovenbag的经济趋势 , 它的非wovenbag在产业的发展 。
this paper generalizes the characteristics of studies of lu xu in china this year and reveals the treads of future studies .	本文总结了我国路徐u的研究特点 , 揭示了未来研究的趋势 。
the first rule of camping is to keep a clean camp site . you can't leave anything which bears might think is food .	第一个规则是保持清洁的校园网站 , 你不能留下任何东西 , 熊也许认为是食物 。
it makes it possible to reach oil deposits that can't be reached vertically like those under a town or a lake .	它可以让它能够达到油井的位置 , 这些不能达到垂直地像一个城市或湖下的人一样 。
it's the first time to report that network externalities is one of the import influence factor to imcl , and it's proved .	第一次报道 , 网络外部性是imcl的重要因素之一 , 并证明了 。
security was tight because of a new terrorist threat . streets were closed . police lined the sidewalks .	安全是由于新恐怖威胁的 , 街道被关闭的 , 警察线线路 。
'i think it's great to see a dynamic woman in politics , ' said ryoko okamoto , 34 , an interpreter .	" 我认为这很棒 , 看到政治上的动态女人 , " 克里奥奥奥诺说 , 34岁 , 解释者 。
air france industries will begin installing the enhancements at its le bourget airport facility near paris in 2012 .	在2012年 , 法国工业将开始安装在2012年巴黎附近的法国机场机场机场的增强 。
the public media places " benshan culture " into a new circumstance , and provides the opportunity for its further development .	公众媒体位于 " 北山文化 " 的新环境 , 为其进一步发展提供了机会 。
because high us interest rates tend to cause the dollar to appreciate , they are likely to make an already large trade deficit larger .	因为很高的美国利率往往往往会引起美元来欣赏 , 他们可能会使得更大的贸易缺陷更大 。
the type of conduction had been widely used in electronic tubes of radio , television and many other modern devices .	电子管、电视、电视等现代装置广泛应用于广泛应用 。
in the serene riverside town , the pace of life is entirely subject to the gentle flow of the tinkling streams .	在海内河镇 , 生命的过程全面对藏溪的绿色流动 。
in june , a group of suicide bombers and gunmen launched a deadly attack on the luxury intercontinental hotel .	在6月 , 一组自杀炸弹和枪手在豪华的内陆酒店上发出了一个死亡的攻击 。
if the object were indeed a flying saucer , recovering it could potentially be worth millions or billions of dollars .	如果对象实际上是一个飞行帆船 , 恢复它可能是值得数百万美元或数亿美元 。
dna mobility is related to its charge and the average size of the fragment as it twists and tumbles through the gel .	dna移动力与其负荷和平均尺寸的平均尺寸相关 。
the contents of cichoric acid in introducing plant of echinacea purpurea in china were assayed by hplc .	通过hplc , 分析了我国磷酸含量的含量 。
mr . thomas is making a long distance call . please wait for a few minutes . would you like some coffee or tea ?	托马斯先生正在做了很长的距离 , 请等待几分钟 , 你会喜欢一些咖啡或者茶 ?
the two to three founders saying that each of them owns x amount of newco and assigning all of their ip related to this venture to newco .	两到三个创始人说 , 每个人都拥有xcoco的xco , 并将所有的ip与新科相关的ips相关 。
by appreciating and analyzing some compositions , we can rationally ponder upon chinese modern oil painting’s present situation .	通过欣赏和分析一些组成部分 , 我们可以在中国现代石油绘画的现代情况下 , 合理地对中国现代油画作出了积极的影响 。
when general leclerc called them traitors and said: " how could you , the french , wear someone else's uniform ? "	当普通的一般课程rcrc叫他们跟踪者的时候 , 说: " 你怎么能 , 法国人 , 穿着自己的统一吗 ? "
research on the effect of laser igniting characteristics caused by doping graphite into b/kno3 with photoacoustic detection method .	研究了激光反射特性对b/kno3的影响 , 用光学检测方法引起了激光监测特性的影响 。
the contribution of platelets to hyperacute rejection of both allografts and xenografts is well recognized .	实验结果表明 , 板体的重新反射和xenoft软件的超自动反射效果良好 。
in hong kong , it has only been recorded in sunset peak ; the locality is within country parks under protection .	在香港 , 仅记录在太阳峰 , 地方公园在保护下 。
children's songs play an important part in children's education not to be replaced by other forms of poetry .	孩子们的歌曲在孩子们的教育中发挥着重要的部分 , 不要被其他的诗歌的其他形式取代 。
what a vivid picture! just as the picture depicts, there are so many things or desires that the man has to bear or to seek .	一个vivivivivivivid照片 ! 只有图片描述 , 有很多事情或要求人必须承担或寻找 。
the report also predicts that continuing instability in the middle east will probably keep pushing prices up into the spring .	报告还预计 , 中国中东的持续稳定性可能保持价格升至春天 。
another factor intel mentioned: companies building out on the backend to take advantage of socalled cloud computing .	另外一个因素:公司在后来建立的公司 , 以便采取所谓云计算的优势 。
based on the analysis of the development trend of transportation statistics , this paper puts forward " transportation accounts " concept .	本文根据交通统计的发展趋势 , 提出了 " 交通账户 " 的概念 。
not only students but also teachers were inspired by the news that wang leqing was admitted to qinghua university .	不仅有学生 , 还有老师受到了王清大学的邀请 , 承认了清华大学的新闻 。
this financial support allows the society to continue to grow its standards programs and fund future initiatives .	这个金融支持允许社会继续增长其标准项目和基金会的成长 。
damage model was built based on the rules of projectile dispersion and the principle of armourpiercing mechanics .	建立了基于项目分散规则的损害模型 , 建立了动力学的原理 。
our " slot " system gives you several choices where to place decorative objects on surfaces , such as tables and dressers .	我们的 " 脚 " 系统给出了几个选择 , 可以在表面上放置装饰对象 , 比如桌子和衣服 。
the cradle towers of zhengzhou will comprise of five mixeduse towers swooping out of a ringshaped podium .	浙州的四个混合塔将包括五个混合的塔开开关 。
you may recall that back in 2006 in the great hall of the people , the beijing summit of the forum on chinaafrica cooperation was held .	您可能回到2006年 , 北京论坛的大厅 , 是中国非洲合作论坛的总结 。
perhaps most importantly , visiting judges have the opportunity to speak oneonone with u . s . judges .	也许最重要的是 , 访问法官有机会对美国法官发言一个人说话的机会 。
note the luteinized cells forming the inner cyst lining at the left with adjacent surrounding theca cells .	注意 , 液化细胞形成内周围细胞 , 与周围周围的周围周围周围的内周围细胞 。
blood viscosity , plasma viscosity , erythrocyte deformed index , fibrinogen and plt were decreased .	血粘度、血浆粘度、淋巴细胞变化指数、纤维蛋白和plt被降低 。
current coreos linux users can take advantage of a cloudnative platform to reach one of the world's largest markets .	目前的核心linux用户可以获得云地平台 , 以达到世界最大的市场之一 。
with the computer and the database technology applied in the clothing industry , clothing mtm developed rapidly .	随着计算机和数据库技术在衣服工业中的应用 , 衣服更快 。
the personal data collected will be treated as strictly confidential and will be used only for receipting and other communication with you .	个人数据收集的个人数据将被当作严格的信心 , 并且只用于接收和其他通信 。
each of the pen heads is separately matched with one of two caps . the liquid tube is arranged in the penstock .	每个pen头部都分别与两个帽子相匹配 , 液体管被放在pentock中 。
from the above it has been proved that the lifetable method is practical and efficient in forecasting the supply of the mch manpower .	从上述 , 证明了可生命可行的方法是预测mchmanpower供应的实用和效率 。
learn how to improvise when crocheting a scarf in this free crocheting lesson from an experienced crochet artist .	了解如何在这个自由慢慢慢的课程中 , 如何提高学习如何在这个自由的环境艺术家的学习 。
walmart also announced the resignation of clara wong , its senior vice president for human resources in china .	沃尔玛特还宣布了克拉王大使的辞职 , 它的高级副总裁在中国人类资源总统 。
due to its mild microclimate , graz is a city of lush parks with an almost mediterranean flair .	由于其中小麦的微生物 , graz是一座城市 , 几乎是中期的公园 。
you sneeze because you've got all these germs inside you and your body wants to get the germs out , so you sneeze .	因此你在你身边都有所有的杰米斯 , 你的身体想让德国出来 , 所以你就会发现 。
this is useful for adding extra information to portions within the block that are of interest , especially if the maps are shared between developers .	这对开发者的地图有用 , 尤其是如果有趣的地图分享的地图 , 更有用 。
those colors should be incorporated into your website in some way , even if it’s just in the header image or as accent colors .	这些颜色应该在某些途径中吸收到你的网站 , 即使在头部图像或作为集中颜色 。
another reality is that if the us is unable to expand its exports , pressure will grow to restrict its imports , instead .	另外一个实际是 , 如果美国不能扩大其出口 , 压力将增长其进口 , 相反 。
for maximum safety , do not touch the product , test cables , or any other instruments while power is applied to the circuit under test .	对于最大安全性 , 不要触摸产品 , 测试电缆或其他设备 , 而电源应用于测试中 。
much of buffett's wisdom stems from this one investment trait: when you don't know what to do , don't do anything .	许多巴菲特的智慧步骤从这项投资轨道:当你不知道怎样做的时候 , 不要做任何事情 。
i was also glad that roger and mother hadn’t let themselves get too hurt by whites bringing up roger’s drug problem .	我也很高兴说 , 罗杰和母亲没有让自己受伤害 , 白人带来了罗杰的药物问题 。
the trick is to constantly selfevaluate and selfimprove by not just improving their productivity but also improving their ways of working .	试验是不断地安全评价和自我提高他们的生产力 , 而且也提高了他们的工作途径 。
we certainly welcome oem items to meet the needs of different customer , and we guarantee our quality and punctuality .	我们当然欢迎各种客户的需求 , 并保证我们的质量和惩罚 。
" tony is cheerful and friendly , " one report stated . " his detention in hospital is preventing deterioration of his condition . "	一份报道说: " 托尼是非常珍贵的 , " 一个报道说 , " 他的医院的死亡是防止他的状况 。 "
in 1954 , there were only a dozen armed robberies in london but , by the 1990s , there were more than a hundred times as many .	1954年 , 在伦敦 , 只有几个军队的机会 , 但是在1990年的90年代 , 已经有了几百次 。
" what they also did is showed me a picture of murmansk at the end of world war ii , and it was an aerial photograph , " he says .	他说: " 他们还是在世界战争结束的时候 , 还是一张专利的照片 , " 他说 。
this did not occur in a control group of volunteers who were trained in the morning and retested in the evening , with no sleep in between .	今天晚上 , 这并没有发生在一组志愿者的控制组中 , 晚上还没有睡觉 , 没有睡觉 。
exoffenders have gotten particular attention for their efforts to stop gang violence and work with troubled teenagers .	外国朋友们对他们努力停止加强暴力的努力 , 并与困难的青少年作出了特别的注意 。
it is better to distribute obfuscated version of your web content and to keep your original source code for yourself .	更好地分布您的web内容的版本 , 并保持您的原始源代码 。
the war in iraq , katrina , and the wall street collapse were the three nails in the coffin of the age of reagan .	在伊拉克的战争中 , 卡特里娜和华尔街崩溃的三个领域是重新开始的 。
that won an immediate laugh from the cast and crew on the first take , but enthusiasm waned after the first few hearings .	第一次在第一次采取的时候赢得了一个直接笑容 , 但是在第一次听到的第一次听证之后 , 英国人在听到 。
rediscovered from the bottom of that dirtladen heap , it was able to see the light , still in good state . it was such a relief !	重新发现 , 从那个衍生物的底部 , 它能看到光 , 仍然在很好的州 , 真是这样的救济 !
my father is center my mother is left forward my sister is right forward my wife is right guard and my brother is left forward .	我父亲是中央的母亲离开我的姐妹是正确的 , 我的父亲是正确的保护和我的兄弟离开 。
it is nice to look back and see what we have done together , aware that we are part of a story that is without equal and is ongoing .	这是很好的回顾 , 看我们一起做的事情 , 意识我们是一个不等的故事的一部分 , 并且在前面 。
angry with himself , obiwan piloted the speeder up the mountain toward dooku's villa at maximum speed .	随着他自己 , 奥巴丹在最大速度上飞过了山上 。
we are testing the contents of physical performance can achieve national norms , all the indicators this was our request .	我们正在测试物理性能的内容 , 可以实现国家标准 , 所有指标都是我们的请求 。
mebazaa has assembled an interim coalition government and claims that new elections will be held in the coming months .	mebaza已经成员了一个国际联合国政府 , 并宣称新选举将在未来几个月举行 。
wartime commemorations come round so often that the 70th anniversary of the siege of leningrad may seem unremarkable .	温暖的记忆往往往往往往往是 , 雷达的ie80周周年可能似乎不明显 。
count it , if you had above three among those , so congratulations you , you have already become lechery woman of one row .	如果你在这里有三分之一 , 那么你已经成为了一个行的女人 。
biemang , dug a fire burned the hell you are in an unenviable position , digging as soon as possible to add water .	双江 , 鸭子一火烧毁你在一个不可可避免的位置上 , 很快就像可能添加水 。
rockfall , a tiny community 20 miles south of hartford , is part of the town of middlefield , conn .	罗克fall , 一个微型的社区20英里的哈特福德南部 , 是中场的一个中场的一部分 。
that will again be a friday but it will be at nine o'clock and he will be here so i think that will be a lot of fun also .	这将再次是一个星期五 , 但是它将在九个奥克隆 , 他会在这里 , 所以我认为这里会是很多幸福 。
we're not sure of the unusual 'stone' finish in place of the usual wood grain , however this is purely subjective .	我们不确定 " 稳定 " 的完成在常规木粒子的地方 , 但是这是纯粹的主观性 。
the retroactivity of construction of law refers to if the new construction of law can apply to the past event and behaviour .	法律建设的反应性指出 , 如果法律建设的新建设可以应用到过去事件和行为 。
but if you slow down and think about your attention , you'll agree that answering email while browsing the web is impossible .	但是如果你慢慢地考虑你的注意力 , 你将同意在浏览网络时 , 浏览邮件的时候会同意 。
most of the protesters are said to be in the capital , mbabane , and are unable to get to manzini , a 45minute drive away .	大多数保护人都说是在首都 , mbane , 并且不能得到曼州 , 一个45分钟的驱动 。
evenings were spent at the theatre . this ballet told the story of the triumphant building of a hydroelectric dam .	晚上已经花了 , 这个球场告诉了一个水电坝的故事 。
i like to use this tactic in lowkey situations , like grocery stores , coffee shops , book stores , etc .	我喜欢在低密的情况下使用这个策略 , 像格鲁尼商店 , 咖啡店 , 咖啡店、书店等 。
following a small shan told reporters that he is on time every morning get up at 5 , the first thing is to help mothers understand toilet .	接下来一名小山告诉记者 , 他每天早上5点 , 第一件事是帮助母亲理解垃圾 。
for decades , who has had a strong presence in endemic countries , working shouldertoshoulder with local health officials .	几十年来 , 历史上有着很强的存在 , 与当地卫生官员工作肩膀 。
aduh: that movie cat in the hat even shows our legislators fighting on tv . sheesh ! what a loss of face .	阿德华:这部电影甚至显示了我们的立法人在电视上战斗 。 谢什 !
there is a wide variation in the amount of these cnv deletions which people have in their genome , with some people having several million .	这些cnv删除的数量有很大的变化 , 有些人在他们的基因中拥有了几百万人 。
“with a low cost of living and big texascharm , bachelors are sure to find love in this city ! ” rent . com says .	" 我是一个低成本的生活和大型纺织品 , 巴克尔一定要在这个城市找到爱情 ! " com说 。
poweridea sparks believes openness is the single most important quality a resource integrator must have .	电力观点认为开放性是最重要的资源集成器必须拥有的一个重要质量 。
fungizone intravenous in powder form should be stored in the refrigerator , protected against exposure to light .	在粉末形式中 , 应该存储在冰箱里 , 防止防火器的防火器 , 防止防止曝光 。
the semifloating layered burner is provided with a wind blowing coal device and a coal granule screening device .	采用风吹煤装置和煤灰颗粒屏幕设备 , 提供了半开发的燃烧器件 。
the fgets , fgetss , fread , fscanf , and fclose functions also return false on error .	目标、fgets、fread、fscanf和fcanse函数还返回错误 。
the camera includes a stereoscopic imaging part , a stereoscopic vision information processing part and a motor drive part .	摄像机包括一个稳定的光学成像部分 , 一个稳定的光学视觉信息处理部分和电机驱动部件 。
metabolic flux analysis plays an important role in guiding the genetic manipulation in metabolic engineering .	墨西哥流体分析对墨西哥工程中的遗传管理具有重要作用 。
the kinds of approximations needed to , for example , simulate a firestorm , were in the past computationally intractable .	例如 , 在过去的计算机中 , 模拟了火器的类似需要 , 仿真了火器 。
displays a list of all of the names of columns in this database that have unique singlecolumn indexes .	显示该数据库中的所有列表列表的所有列表 , 这些数据库中的所有列表都有独特的单个单独的索引 。
as we geophysicists all know , the definite difference method is a numerical method widely used in geophysics .	地理学家们都知道 , 定义差异方法是一种广泛应用于地理学的方法 。
new york new signs of surging corporate profits led to early gains in the stock market tuesday .	纽约新闻报道 , 公司利润周二在股票市场上获得早期收益 。
to formulate work plans for dispatching representatives of state stock ownership to the state holding and jointstock corporations .	为了制定国有股东拥有和联合公司的代表人 , 为了制定国有股东的代表计划 。
conclusion:il 4 of tibet pig was successfully cloned from the lymphocyte after stimulating 70 h with cona .	结论:在刺激70hh的刺激后 , 组织猪4的成功被闭合在淋巴细胞 。
the invention relates to a traction rectification reduction bed with a tiltable former section a tiltable latter section .	本发明涉及一种可轮胎前端的牵引修复床 , 减少了一段可轮胎后端的痕迹修复 。
other whole bovine skin leather , without hair on , of a unit surface area not exceeding 28 square feet	其他全身的皮肤皮肤皮肤皮肤皮肤皮肤皮肤皮肤 , 没有毛发 , 单位表面区不超过28平方英尺 。
memory is a runaway rivers , and we are waiting for the pewww . qq3721 . comople on both sides .	记忆是一条跑道河 , 我们等待珠宝 。 q3721 。 q371 。
many dance studios offer special firsttimer promotions that allow newbies to take classes for under $10 , sometimes for free .	许多舞蹈研究室提供专业的提升 , 允许新闻网站在10美元下采取课程 , 有时可以免费 。
objective to assess the sensory recovery in denervated wound surface covered with thick spilt skin graft .	目的评估厚纺织皮肤厚厚厚的皮肤皮肤的敏感恢复情况 。
currently , the effective tax rate of mineral enterprises is lower 1526 percent than that of the nonmineral enterprises .	目前 , 矿业企业的有效税率低于1526% , 非矿业企业的有效税率低于1526% 。
in most species of social insects , such as wasps , bees , and ants , the females rule . the females are the workers .	在大多数社会昆虫 , 比如废墟、蜂蜜和蚂蚁 , 雌性规则 , 雌性是工人 。
the characteristics of the short circuited fault in low voltage system are studied by means of simulation and experiment .	通过仿真和实验 , 研究了低电压系统的短电路故障特性 。
after inserting the contact into the table , the database returned the value of the id column of the row just inserted .	在插入接触表之后 , 数据库返回行列id列的id列表的id值 。
for example , french impressionism or german expressionism , each has its own unique creative ideas and techniques .	例如 , 法国印象主义或德国表达主义 , 每个都有自己独特的创造思想和技术 。
it comes to a conclusion that the energy comsumption is decreased by applying mentioned methods in summer and winter .	结论 , 通过对夏季和冬季提到的方法 , 降低了能源消耗能量消耗能量的结论 。
conclusion no resistance to brodifacoum was tested in r . flavipectus . brodifacoum can be used for rats control .	结论无耐药性能在r.flavictus中测试无耐药性 , 可用于大鼠控制 。
the meng age lady starts apt query a key question , " that he does this a batch of maneuvers do many and greatly ? "	年龄的老人开始了一个关键问题 , " 他做了这个战斗 , 很大的呢 ? "
sam 'spike' witwicky: gentlemen... let me introduce you to my friend: optimus prime !	萨姆·'spicky不wiwicky:gentleme...让我介绍你去朋友:最优先生 !
yuxian northerly location , the department of taihang mountain top , is a temperate continental climate .	元xian北部位置 , 台山顶部 , 是一座温度的气候 。
only in exceptional circumstances dandy may allow client to revoke or amend the relevant instruction or order .	除了例外 , 只有在外的情况下 , 可以允许客户重新启或修改相关的指令 。
normal circumstances , and macular between the choroid , an extremely thin protection of the organization .	正常的情况 , 与croid之间的宏观 , 一个极端的薄弱保护组织的保护 。
have a professional designer of a variety of design styles for you to create , with years of experience in the construction team .	拥有专业设计师 , 为您创建各种设计风格 , 经验在建筑团队的经验 。
but the real advantage to lambdas is when you create functions on the fly and no variable reference is required . for example	但是 , 当你在飞行上创建功能 , 没有变量参考的时候 , 需要真正的优势 。
to find the people , old friends and relatives free search tool people , including 411 white " pages . "	为了找到人们 , 老朋友和相对自由搜索工具的人 , 包括41个白色 " 页面 。
this design , a variant on the double armchair style and just as lightly padded , was shortlived in france .	这种设计 , 双臂架形式的各种不同 , 只有轻轻的模式 , 被短缺在法国 。
if you benchpressed 100 pounds this week , for example , then next week you should try doing 105 pounds .	例如 , 如果你在本周表达了100磅磅 , 那么下周你应该试图105磅 。
well , the conception of the universe that was widespread among ancient peoples is one that you're probably familiar with .	嗯 , 在古代人民中 , 宇宙的概念是你可能熟悉的 。
the discoloring process in normal pectin production can be left out . the products possess high yield and qualified quality .	正常生产的分离过程可以离开 , 产品具有较高的产率和质量 。
conclusion the key to improve the accuracy of atypical meningioma ct diagnosis is to locate the tumor .	结论腹膜电磁ct诊断的关键是将肿瘤分为准确性 。
the whole work will be completed within two years , drafts of almost all of the manuscripts being on hand and under revision now .	整个工作将在两年内完成 , 几乎所有人类都在手上 , 并且现在重新修改 。
the ekf algorithm is adopted to solve the nonlinear measurement function with radome slope interference .	采用ekf算法来解决非线性测量函数的非线性测量函数 。
in india , it is the corporations that are building giant coalbased power plants which are major climate polluters .	印度 , 是建立基于巨大的煤电厂的公司 , 是最大的气候污染者 。
if you have covered induction at all and looked at meller's approach to induction i mentioned it last time very briefly .	如果你在所有的情况下 , 查看梅勒的方法 , 我最后提到了它 。
an old farmer planted the seeds he bought from the market , autumn came and no harvest , for the seeds are fake .	一个老农业计划他从市场上买的种子 , 秋天来了 , 没有哈佛斯特 , 因为这种种种子是面对的 。
the company’s overall gross profit margin grew to 36 . 3 percent , from 34 . 8 percent in the yearago quarter .	本公司总体的利润利润率为36.3% , 年度上涨34.8% , 年度的34.8% 。
of 186 liver transplant patients receiving sirolimus , 4 developed pneumonitis that was attributed to the drug ;	在186名肝移植患者接受irolimus , 4种开发的肺炎 , 属于药物 ;
" being a parent means being mature enough to help a child adapt to disappointment , " achenbach says .	阿富巴克说: " 父母意味着足够的成熟 , 足以帮助孩子适应失望 , " 阿肯巴克说 。
the outbound event sends this metric value from the monitor model of the loan_completionone process to the highlevel monitor model .	边界事件将此介质值从贷款comcomone的监控模式发送到高级监控模型 。
however , today than in the japanese rule of korea , its sinister means , what is more trivial difference .	然而 , 今天 , 比日本的规则 , 它的坚持者意味着 , 更多的三个不同 。
memorial ceremony of qin is quite different from that of zhou and lu in sacrificial time , place , offerings , etc .	秦的记忆仪式是不同的周周周和卢在牺牲时期 , 地方 , 提供 , 等 。
we are even informed that cigarette smoking may gravely jeopardize not only the smokers , but also the nonsmokers .	我们甚至还有信息 , 烟雾吸烟可能会严重的喷雾不仅是吸烟者 , 而且还是非吸烟者 。
objective: to summarize the clinical experience of professor shaonian fang in treating obstruction of qi in the chest .	目的:总结qi的临床经验 , 总结了临床的临床经验 。
none of the surveyed materials were found to be suitable for use as impedance matched specular radar absorbers .	研究发现 , 没有人发现 , 用于适用于使用特殊的雷达吸收器 。
electrophoretic coating process on the aluminium alloy support used for solar energy heat unit is introduced .	介绍了用于太阳能热单元的电泳涂料过程 。
of course , the sensory effects of coffee , and other warm beverages , like tea or cocoa , can lift your spirits .	当然 , 咖啡的感觉效果和其他热饮料 , 比如茶或coa , 可以把精神放在你的精神中 。
objective to investigate the clinical and electrocardiographic character of idiopathic and secondary abnormal j wave .	目的探讨血管病患者的临床和电心电图学特征 。
abstract: to study germination characteristics of mirabilis jalapa and althaea rosea by soaking their dormant seeds .	文章摘要:探讨微生物的萌发特征 , 通过解释它们的耐药种子 。
introduced the scope of application and structures of multiblade vertical cutting machine and bead insulating line .	介绍了多层垂直切削机应用和结构的范围 , 以及负载线 。
the cylindrical container has a wide mouth opening for easy filling and convenient access to the contents .	圆柱容器具有广阔的嘴巴 , 易填充方便 , 便于访问内容 。
rapid climate changes at millennial and centennial scales are one of the most important aspects in paleoclimate study .	近年来 , 中央范围的快速气候变化是分子研究中最重要的一个方面之一 。
it is a common problem that the range of applying lien and interrogation is excessive broad in public security organs .	它是一种常见的问题 , 应用林内和内部的范围超过公安机构的广泛广泛 。
in 2009 china ended a quarantine blockade around a remote northwestern town hit by pneumonic plague .	2009年 , 中国结束了一座远东北部的一个遥远的北部城市 。
to address this issue , we have carried out a series of studies of tissue reconstitution by single hscs .	为了解决这个问题 , 我们已经在单一hscssssssssssss的一系列研究 。
objective to investigate the etiologic factors of chronic prostatitis following sexually transmitted urethritis .	目的探讨慢性前列腺炎慢性前列腺炎的病理因素 。
as the eye health company , bausch &lomb dedicated to perfecting vision and enhancing life for consumers around the world .	随着眼睛健康公司 , 巴斯和洛布斯指出 , 为了在世界各地消费者提供了完善的视觉和提高生活 。
help pharmaceutical enterprise customers solve problems , the pursuit of human health is our lofty ideal .	帮助药品企业的客户解决问题 , 人类健康的追求是我们的忠诚理想 。
then a new method of block generalization based on street skeletonline and building skeletonline is put forward .	然后提出了一种基于街头keleton和建筑keleton的新方法 。
at the other end of the spectrum is su ming , who comes from a family of farmers and studies at a university in beijing .	另一结束是孙明 , 来自北京大学农民和研究所的家庭和农民的家庭 。
some big firms have begun employing westerners with long experience in the best american and european facilities .	一些大企业已经开始在最好的美国和欧洲设施的最佳经验 。
and we can see the truth of the world in our own experience to confirm for ourselves the truth which the buddha was teaching .	我们可以在我们自己的经验中看到世界的真理 , 确认佛教的真理 , 佛陀是教的真理 。
in order to realize the control arithmetic , this paper uses the plc , and designs the programs of both pid control and fuzzy control .	为了实现控制动态 , 本文使用plc , 并设计了pd控制和模糊控制的程序 。
a few days’ break was declared for the religious holiday of eid aladha , beginning on november 17th .	几天的灾难被宣布为埃德哈的宗教节日 , 开始于17年1月17日开始 。
you can submit your own idea or comment on the list on our web site , theatlantic . com , or you can send us a letter .	你可以把自己的想法或评论在web站点上 , 天文学 , 或者你可以发送信 。
as these individuals grow more comfortable around each other , you will see more head tilt and therefore more exposure of the neck .	随着这些个人每个人都很舒适 , 你会看到更多的头盖 , 因此更加暴露的脖子 。
other fringe parties enjoyed a record surge in support as voters abandoned their traditional allegiances .	其他飞行伙伴享受了一份记录 , 作为投票人吸收他们的传统政权的记录 。
conclusion the hyperbaric therapy for complication of carbon monoxide poisoning is high cure rate and low deformity rate .	结论碳氧化钾复杂的超非洲治疗是高尿率和低变化率 。
as a player , denver nuggets coach george karl napped , a ritual he passed on to his team .	作为一名球员 , 丹尼德·卡尔在他的队伍上教练乔治·卡尔 。
while certain fish are loaded with omega3 and protein , they also contain some mercury , dioxins and pcbs .	尽管某些鱼被装载在omega3和蛋白中 , 他们还包含一些汞、二氧化物和pcbs 。
there is no estimating the pride i took in this grandeur , or the affection that began to swell and grow in me for those people .	没有估计我在这个祖国的价格 , 或者对我来说 , 或者感染 , 开始甜蜜和生长 。
figure 1 shows an example of a checkstyle report generated with ant using the xslt task demonstrated in listing 1	图1显示了使用xslt任务中所示的一个检查样式报告生成的例子 。
a community of central new jersey , a suburb of new brunswick . population , 21 , 731 .	一个中央新泽西的一个社区 , 一个新的brunununununswick的郊区 。 人口21 , 731 。
this method can overcome the limitation occurred by single evaluation method and meet the need of fine evaluation of acidizing effect .	本方法可以通过单元评价方法获得有限性 , 满足单元评价方法的需求 。
the rising , warm air forms distinctive anvilshaped clouds , visible in both the satellite and model image .	上升 , 温暖的空气形成了不可忽略的云 , 在卫星和模型图像中可见 。
a gadget differs from a bot in that it's a specialized miniapplication that helps you perform a focused task .	这个瓶子里的广告差异是一个特殊化的微软复制 , 帮助您执行一个焦点的任务 。
nearby muttrah has a charming mediterraneanstyle waterfront and a harbour now used mainly by cruise liners .	近期mututtrah拥有一个挑战中性风格的中性风格 , 现在 , 主要是由rucruclisner使用 。
to support this , three options of command vmdeploymgr . sh are provided which is the main application of the vdm .	为了支持这种情况 , 命令vmdelogr的三个选项是vdm的主要应用 。
although most securities are markedtomarket , this new gaap still allows securities to be carried at historical cost .	尽管大多数证券都被标记了 , 但这项新货币仍然允许证券在历史成本上被保证 。
if we want to make national public servants' property transparent we ought to establish and consummate the system .	如果我们想让国家公众服务器的属性透明我们应该建立和消费系统 。
with the development of internet , more and more people start to use bbs forum over internet as their tool obtaining messages and communions .	随着互联网的发展 , 越来越多的人开始使用bbbbs论坛作为他们的工具获得消息和通信 。
that woman's days were spent in ignorant good will , her nights in argument until her voice grew shrill .	这位女人的日子在很大的好会上花了 , 她的夜晚就在谈话时 , 直到她的声音灰色 。
pedal down hill while you are at the front of a bunch . cyclists dislike having to ride constantly under brakes .	尽管你正在一块午餐前面 , 周期list就会不断地骑下来 。
the bronx zoo is incredible , fantastic , very wellmaintained , sprawling zoo with so much to see and do .	bronxzoo是不可避免的 , 弹性 , 非常好的 , 用太多的看法来看到和做很多 。
but why would one want to make crosstechnology mixed ui components anyway ? wayne explained some of the usecases	但是为什么想让跨技术混合了ui组件吗 ? 方法解释了一些使用cascasscas的一些使用情况 。
under this background , based on jw1h hospital information system , we designed and developed military hospital library management system .	在此背景下 , 基于jw1h医院信息系统 , 我们设计了军事医院图书馆管理系统 。
both fra and nfma strengthen the ability of developing countries to manage their forestry information base for their own benefit .	两个框架和nfma强化开发国家的能力 , 为自己的利益管理他们的森林信息基地 。
relatively smallscale chemical run off and contamination from us copper mines in colorado proved to be disastrous .	相对小尺寸的化学运行并从美国铜矿中获得污染 。
the patient and 41 other passengers on the flight am098 arrived in shanghai from mexico on thursday .	周四 , 医院和41名乘客在飞行am098到上海墨西哥 , 到达了上海 。
the innermost zone effect must be taken into account if the required accuracy of tc is at a onemgal level .	如果要求tc的准确精度 , 必须在一个mgal水平上进行内部区效应 。
a heavyduty , highbuild coal tar epoxy coating for the protection of steel and concrete in immersion service .	一个重型的汽车 , 高型煤焦氧化涂料用于合金服务的保护和混凝土的保护 。
" culpa in contrahendo " in civil law system started in the transition from freedom capitalism to monopoly capitalism .	相比 , 民事法制度开始从自由资本主义转移到资本主义的转移 。
any of these locations or styles worked fine users who needed to log in would find the way to do it without frustration or error .	任何地点或类型的用户都需要登录的方法 , 可以找到它没有破坏或错误的方法 。
the indexes have been examined , such as ratio of liver weight and body weight , tg , tc , hdlc and ldlc .	考察了肝重和体重、tg、tc、tdlc和ldlc等指数 , 例如肝重和体重、体重、tg、tg、tg、tc等指数 。
" this shows that our system integration and research and manufacturing capabilities have reached world standards , " said mr zhang .	" 这表明 , 我们的系统集成和研究和制造能力已经达到了世界标准 , " 张先生说 。
4then jesus asked them , " which is lawful on the sabbath: to do good or to do evil , to save life or to kill ? "	四十耶稣要求他们 , " 这是在萨伯巴巴的律法:做好好好或做恶魔 , 拯救生命或杀死 ? "
the body of a 19yearold worker named ma xiangqian was found in front of his highrise dormitory at 4:30 a . m .	一个19岁的工人名叫小康的身体在4:30岁前 , 发现了一个名为 " 男子 " 的身体 。
you may also recall that the media referred to this as a " nearsighted mr . magoo " and " trouble with hubble " .	你还可以回想 , 媒体被称为 " 附近的magoo " 和 " 可怕 " 的困难 。
but after he enrolled in the university of edinburgh , he proved more interested in natural history than medicine .	然而 , 他在爱德伯堡大学毕业后 , 他证明了比医学更有趣的自然历史 。
q . my teenager is involved in so many activities: school , babysitting , church , sports .	问 。 我的青少年参加了很多活动:学校 , 婴儿坐落 , 教堂 , 体育 。
and it came down to what somebody else said here: that left the election on the other dimension , which might have been character or whatever .	这里有人说: " 除了另外一个维度的选举 , 这可能是什么 , 或者是什么 。
the findings highlight the importance of refining our understanding of the relationship between weight , body fat and disease , says loos .	路易斯说 , 研究发现 , 重量、体脂肪和疾病的相关性较高 , 提高了我们的理解的重要性 。
friends lists: allow your users to maintain a list of their onsite friends , and see who others have added as friends .	朋友列表:允许您的用户维持他们的网站朋友的列表 , 并且看到其他人被添加为朋友 。
politicians talk about wage equality , butmy father has made it a practice at his company throughout his entire career .	政治家们谈论工资平等 , 虽然父亲在他的整个职业生涯中做出了一个实践 。
in the history , there were such cruel beauty fashions too , such as the chinese threeinch golden lotus and the western corset .	在历史上 , 有这样的美丽的时尚 , 比如中国三英寸的黄金莲和西角等 。
earlier this month , apple granted both vodafone group and telecom italia the right to sell the iphone in italy .	本月早些时候 , 苹果在意大利销售iphone的权利 。
'the concept is to stock your pantry with things you can't get or that you miss from home , ' mr . lord says .	耶和华先生说: " 这个概念是停止你的裤子 , 你不能从家里或你错过的事情 。 "
i agree with victor fleischer's basic premise that carried interest is a fee for managing other people's money .	我同意 , 受害者弗莱克的基本预测 , 携带利益是管理其他人资金的费用 。
from a great deal of fogging experiment , getting that the directflash technique can satisfy the experiment .	从大量的试验中 , 得到直接闪光技术能够满足实验的实验 。
there is 1500w separated wall type air condition set each in the two guest room , which can adjust the temperature .	两个客户房间有1500w分离的墙类型空调设置 , 可以调整温度 。
an arresting image to draw the eye and cover lines that reward that curiosity by presenting an intriguing idea .	一个逮捕图像来绘制眼睛和覆盖线 , 通过给出一个注册的想法 。
my hands are small ; please don’t expect perfection whenever i make my bed , draw a picture or throw a ball .	我的手是小的 ; 请不想在每当我做床时 , 每当我做一张照片 , 或者扔球 。
over the last five years , the chronicle found , their median increase , adjusted for inflation , was 19 . 6 percent .	过去五年来 , 慢性发现 , 他们的印度增加了通胀 , 是19.6% 。
methods the telomerase activity of a 2780 cells was examined by modified trapelisa assay .	方法对2780个细胞的分子酶活性进行改性 。
you don't need to make many choices , but if you are wondering what to do , consult the ocap ri project wiki page .	你不需要做许多选择 , 但是如果你想做什么 , 咨询ocap风险项目的wki页面 。
as a freshman , i won't let you down and i believe that i will do my best to cooperate with this team well very soon .	正如一个新鲜人 , 我不会让你下下来 , 我相信我最好能与这个团队很快合作 。
emily dickinson lived with her unmarried sister lavinia in an elegant house called the homestead .	迪克林森与她的姐妹拉夫尼亚一家叫做 " 家庭 " 的姐妹拉夫尼亚住在一家电子里 。
then i stayed up the whole night , waving a hardboard to keep mosquitoes from approaching her just like a guard .	然后我站在整个夜晚 , 醒了一个硬盘来保持她的蚊子 , 就像一个卫生一样 。
but when you start thinking about these issues in the context of what you're doing in the meditation , they make it even more stabilizing .	但是当你开始考虑这些问题 , 你在冥冥想中做的事情 , 他们甚至让它更加稳定 。
yet in practice , we see that government officials belong to the most criminal and " lawless " profession around .	然而在实践中 , 我们发现 , 政府官员属于最为犯罪和 " 法律 " 专业 。
secretary . we're out of time ! you have to give encer acce to the carrion device and have it extracted from the city !	秘书 , 我们离开了时间 ! 你必须给予监督设备 , 并且从城市提取了它 !
to optimize the acoustics , we've built in a series of ports , each with its own unique purpose .	为了优化声学 , 我们在一系列港口中建立了一系列 , 每个独特的目标 。
in 1946 , anna met her future husband general claire chennault , who was a major war hero in china .	1946年 , 安娜在1946年遇到她的未来丈夫总是陈纳特 , 他是中国的一个主要战争英雄 。
it needs men who can be prompted without an aim except the aim to be on the move , to function , to go ahead .	除了移动的目标之外 , 它需要那些可以被提示的男人 , 除非没有任何目标的目标 , 除了移动 , 为了启动 , 去 。
this actually i think derives from a greek word , " synkope , " synkope , synkope .	实际上 , 我觉得从希腊语言中提到: " 同步 " , ynkop , ynkop , ynkop 。
a further effect is the erosion of city revenues , as the propertyvalue base for such taxes continues to shrink .	进一步的效果是城市收入的发展 , 随着这种税收的产业价值基地仍然持续缩短 。
now the m1 is maybe the best bike in motogp , yamaha have great riders , so it looks like they don’t need me any more .	现在 , m1可能是莫图普最好的汽车 , 瑜伽马哈有很大的危险 , 所以看起来就像他们不需要我一样 。
for all the joy he bring to my life , for every dream he make come true , for all the love i find in him , i will be forever thankful .	对于所有的乐趣 , 他带来了我的生活 , 因为每个梦想都是真实的 , 因为我发现自己的所有爱情 , 我都永远感谢 。
the black ant gains years of working experiences , cooperate with s&w to design special and perfect business plan .	黑色蚂蚁获得了多年的工作经验 , 与s&w合作 , 以设计特殊和完善的业务计划 。
considering the same characteristic of the large mechanism remote testing , this system can be used in other large mechanism testing process and find farranging application .	考虑了大机械远程测试的相同特点 , 该系统可用于其它大机械测试过程中应用于其它大型机械测试过程中 。
one of the most popular recipe apps is epicurious with its 28 , 000 recipes from gourmet and bon appetit .	最受欢迎的一项应用程序之一 , 其中28 , 000个从gourmet和bon竞争中获得了良好的收入 。
growth is slowing worldwide . it weakened from a year earlier in 19 of 26 countries that reported apriljune data .	随着全球的增长越来越慢 , 在19年初的26个国家的26个国家 , 报道了4月的数据 。
traditionalists wring their hands about the " vaporization of value " and " demonetization " of entire industries .	传统的主义者们把他们的手带给了 " 价值 " 和 " 展示 " 整个行业的 " 变化 。
and your cells making transfer rna , if they make a transfer rna molecule that has here , they only put leucine at the other end .	和你的细胞制作转移rna , 如果他们在这里做了一个转移rna分子 , 他们只能在另一端放置叶片 。
relative water content , water saturation deficit , free water , bound water and cell sap concentration were all correlated with pf .	相对水含量、水盐污染、自由水、水、水和细胞盐浓度都与pf相关 。
the two major attacks , one in lahore and the other in quetta , killed more than 100 people and wounded hundreds of others .	两个主要攻击 , 在拉霍尔和其他队伍中 , 杀死了100多人 , 伤害了数百人 。
it seems that there is no obvious law between the difference of flower colors and the content of total flavonoids .	似乎没有明显的法律 , 花色的差异和总黄酮含量的含量之间没有明显的法律 。
in grand style , the 1996 annual report is made of textured coffeecolored paper created from espresso grounds .	1996年 , 1996年的一份报道是由纺织纸制成的纺织纸 。
way home i strode easy steps , wearing sandals , with my heart , " pops , " sings its song .	回家 , 我很容易的步骤 , 穿着我的心 , " 波普 , " 歌唱歌曲 。
no , i won't be drinking tonight because i am the designated driver . just give my glass of wine to the designated drunk .	没有 , 我今晚不会喝 , 因为我是设计的驱动驱动器 , 只要给我的玻璃给我设计的醉酒 。
at last , the difficulties of research on ladderlike polysiloxane are mentioned , and the development prospect is looked forward .	最后 , 讨论了激光聚合物的研究难点 , 并提出了开发前景 。
in this paper the fullscale test results of " the customs 301 boat " with or withoutflume tank and seas are presented .	本文介绍了 " 客户301船 " 的全面试验结果 , 或没有流动罐和海洋的全面试验结果 。
however , there are other volcanic sites , such as mt etna , and volcanoes in china , that may fit the researchers' model .	然而 , 还有其他火山地点 , 比如mtetna和火山 , 这可能适合研究人员模型 。
pandu immediately sent out orders for the finest sapphires , rubies , and diamonds that could be had .	潘登立即将向最终的萨普郡发送订单 , ruby和钻石的钻石 。
make sure you do not get bogged down with pressure and are allowing yourself some recreational activities like movies and dating .	确保你不会与压力下降 , 并且允许自己的一些重新活动如电影和舞蹈 。
she says that among her circle of friends , work choices is the issue that is likeliest to tip their vote away from the government .	她说 , 在她的朋友的环境中 , 工作选择是最喜欢把他们的投票从政府中获得的问题 。
leaders of the two countries have reached consensus on adhering to the general direction of joint development and accelerating consultation .	两个国家的领导人已经达到了共同开发和加速咨询的一般方向 。
that's bad news for arjen robben and joe cole and i'm struggling to see how they will earn a regular place in the team .	这是个坏消息 , 阿杰·罗伯恩和乔布·科尔 , 我想看他们如何在团队获得正常的地方 。
in a home stay facility safely , water , enjoy pure water of the comfortable , afternoon 4 o 'clock because rain returns .	在家里的住宅设施中 , 水 , 享受舒适的纯水 , 下午4点钟 , 因为雨回来 。
hence , yu yingshi's textual research on the purity of the ideal world in a dream of red mansions holds little water .	因此 , 杨新希的文本研究在红色的梦想中保持着小水的梦想世界的纯度研究 。
this is achieved through the elimination , or masking , of both planned and unplanned downtime by eliminating single points of failure .	这是通过消除 , 或制造的 , 两个计划和未完成的时候 , 通过消除失单个点的失败 。
right arm likelycontinuing recovery , as the left arms remains fixed while the left wrist flexesto initiate the pull .	右臂可能继续恢复 , 左臂仍然固定 , 而左腕腕的脚腕骨架开始 。
objective: to study the expression of angiotensin ii type 1 receptor in hyperoxia induced chronic lung diseased .	目的:探讨血管蛋白i-1型接收器在高氧化肺炎的表达 。
contains response information returned as a result of a registration lookup table refresh operation on the peer resolver .	包含响应信息 , 作为一个注册查询表的结果 , 通过对彼此解决方案进行重新操作 。
amendements any amendments to this contract shall be in the form of addendum in writing be signed by the buyer and the seller .	为此合同的任何建议 , 应该在购买者和销售商签署的形式中签署任何建议 。
high speed computing center in institute of space science provides high speed computing environment for students and faculty .	高速计算机中心的空间科学院提供了高速计算环境 , 为学生和农业提供了高速的计算环境 。
after having obtained the degree of licenciéès sciences , i entered ourisson's laboratory in october of 1960 .	在获得了1960年10月的许可科学的学位之后 , 我进入了本文的实验室 。
gpo's catalog of us government publications — a searchable database of federal publications , with links to those available online .	美国政府公众的目录是联邦公众搜索数据库的可搜索数据库 , 链接到这些可用的网上 。
between 2006 and 2010 , the u . s . pto did not award a single patent to any chinabased units of five out of the 10 companies .	2006年至2010年间 , 美国pto并没有提供一个专利的专利 , 每个中国基于5家公司的5家公司的单位 。
although anticipates to make the direction , but zhao wei also stressed that the performance work delimits the rests by no means .	尽管如此 , 但赵魏也强调了表现的工作 , 没有意味着重新启动 。
second , hayek and robbins stress that the keynespigou skepticism about private frugality is shortsighted	第二 , 哈利克和罗宾斯应该强调私人水果的关键主义 。
the spartans in ancient greece were a nation that paid the greatest attention to eugenics and exercised important influences .	古希腊的西班牙人是最大的关注 , 为了支付最大的关注和激动的重要影响 。
constrained by its size , the virus uses overlapping shifted reading frames to generate the full complement of proteins .	与其大小相比 , 病毒使用超级阅读框架来生成全面的蛋白质的完整成分 。
the second dimension is that you need much more fiscal stimulus — in the countries that can afford it — that is frontloaded .	第二维是 , 你需要更多的财政刺激 , 在这个国家可以加强它的国家 , 这是前载的 。
clean and exfoliate your face by washing it with lemon juice . you can also dab lemon juice on blackheads to draw them out during the day .	清洁 , 用柠檬汁洗净你的脸 , 还可以在黑头上戴着柠檬汁 。
objective: to modify and develop the syndrome differentiation of threeyang and threeyin discussed in the classic of treatise on febrile disease .	目的:建立三阳三元和三元的同步分化 , 探讨了对兔子疾病的类型 。
not in indoor optional piled up some flammable and explosive substances , indoor to absolute forbid fireworks .	不要进入室内选择把一些脆弱的和爆炸物质 , 吸收防火 。
extends capabilities to automatically locate all databases , in both production and test environments , for monitoring and protection .	在生产和测试环境下 , 扩展能力自动地点所有数据库 , 在生产和测试环境中 , 用于监控和保护 。
domestically , our customers include bao steel , handan steel , anyang steel , jiugang group , and other large iron and steel groups .	国内外 , 我们的客户包括宝钢、手工钢、手工钢、东阳集团和其他大铁集团 。
the u . s . secret service estimates that some $1 billion of counterfeit u . s . dollars are printed every year .	美国秘密服务估计 , 每年都有1亿美元的反对美国美元的1亿美元 。
teacher's professional ethics in tao xingzhi's thought derived from two aspects: history and practice .	老师的专业思想是从两个方面推出的:历史和实践 。
in this paper , selforganize competition neural network is applied in the parameters' identification of asynchronous motor .	本文介绍了自组织的竞争神经网络在同步电机的识别中应用的参数 。
objective to establish a hplc method for the simultaneous assaying of compound ofloxacin and ketotifen nasal sprays .	目的建立一种hplc方法 , 建立一种用于氧化合物和ketotifennasalray的合成方法 。
it’s possible the u . s . defense establishment knew that china had cracked the f117’s secrets .	这可能是美国防御建立的可能 , 中国已经破坏了f17的秘诀 。
according to a recent survey , about 78 . 9% of the college students want to further their study after their graduation .	根据最近的调查 , 大约78.9%的大学生希望进一步进一步进一步进一步研究 。
there's a ghost often described as harassment of human evil , was on behalf of justice for the eradication of momotaro .	有一个鬼子经常被描述为人类邪恶的伤害 , 正是对蒙塔罗的正义而言 , 就像是人类邪恶的伤害 。
the high aperture ratio is achieved by overlapping ito pixel electrode and bus line using a photo_sensitive polymer .	利用光敏聚合物 , 实现高温比的高温比 , 采用光敏敏聚合物 , 实现了高温度比 。
and the financial situation for graduates was especially bad , with half saying they had so much student debt they could not save .	毕业生的金融状况尤其糟糕 , 半人说他们有很多学生的债务 , 他们不能拯救 。
among his hit series , charlie's angels , love boat , dynasty , beverly hills 90210 and melrose place .	其中 , 查尔利的天赋 , 爱船 , 世代 , 永远希望90-210和梅罗斯 。
the joint un programme on hiv/aids has set up a commission to study the disease and its impacts on development in asia and the pacific .	直到hiv/aids的联合项目已经建立了对亚洲的疾病和其对发展的影响 。
as rosenblatt notes , criticism of black writing has often served as a pretext for expounding on black history .	正如罗森blat注释 , 黑色写作的批评经常被作为黑色历史的前景 。
you should be reminded that you will be disqualified to attend any revelant events about this conference unless you give correct and complete information .	您应该提醒 , 您将被分散参加任何关于这个会议 , 除非你给出正确和完整的信息 。
its bold engineer , thomas senkel , took the machine on its first manned flight this week lasting 1 minute 30 seconds .	它的箱子工程师 , 托马斯·塞卡尔 , 第一次在它的第一个人飞行的飞机上 , 这个周末30秒 。
in view of my shallow knowledge , the lack of practical experience , the text of the error in the hope that readers criticized .	观察我的阴影知识 , 缺乏实际经验 , 希望读者批评的错误文本 。
at this moment , for me , the heart of earth is this sleepless spring night , greeting this early morning in tranquil meditation .	在这时刻 , 对于我来说 , 地球的心脏是这个无睡的春夜 , 希望早晨在特定的冥想中 。
“migrants shouldn’t be treated so cruelly , ” says a despairing parent . “they are so prejudiced towards us . ”	" 移民不应该这样做 , " 一名死亡父母说道 , " 你们很喜欢去我们 。 "
the museum showcases animated characters from the studio's catalog of films and has a handson exhibit of an animation studio .	博物馆展示了从研究室的电影学的动画特征 , 具有动画研究室的手工展览 。
join the flames together about a third of the way or midway from the base of the fire and have the flames separated going up from that point .	加入火焰在一起加入火焰或中铁的三条路 , 并且有火焰分离出来的火焰 。
night , quietly into the west , overlooking the earth 's subtle or , how many shadow hovers in the imagination of the edge ?	晚上 , 安静地进入西部 , 关闭地球的底部或多少阴影在边缘的想象中 ?
when she whipped her silver mare on her right flank the mare went left , for a horse's first instinct is to flee from danger .	当她把她的银子放在她右边的左边 , 为了一个马上第一个投入的第一个投入是从危险中飞来 。
the results show that transverse rolling sheet could create comparatively perfect structure due to the occurrence of secondary recrystallization .	研究结果表明 , 转换轧板可以产生比较完美的结构 , 由于第二次重复的发生 , 可产生比较完美的结构 。
rfx and dfx move data between the current record of the data source and the field data members of a recordset object .	rfx和dfx在数据源记录和数据源的数据源记录之间的rfx和dfx移动数据 。
coordinating the balance of nitrogen supplicattion and nitrogen requirement by fertilizing made the rice yield stable and high .	结合氮供应和氮需求的平衡 , 使得水稻产量稳定和高 。
furthermore each post with a new queen bee who led the subbed , then , look at the number inside the nest almost no honey .	此外 , 每个邮件都带领了一个新的查询贝尔 , 然后看看看未来几乎没有蜜蜂的数字 。
if johnson left camp with his crew to rebuild a road or a blownout bridge , gilbert waited for his return .	如果约翰逊离开营 , 再建一条路或布鲁诺德桥 , 格莱伯特等待他的回来 。
it has been proved that the adopted diversity heat treatment is a new method of realizing different property on relevant rotor forgings locations .	证明 , 采用多样性热处理方法是一种实现相关旋转矩的新方法 。
product description: 1 ) novel appearance , beautiful printing and attractive color can upgrade the package of the drug ;	产品描述:1 ) 小说出现 , 美丽的印刷和吸引颜色可以更新药物的包装 ;
since then , fathers had been honored and recognized by their families throughout the country on the third sunday in june .	自从那时 , 父亲一直被他们的家人在六月第三周日的第三周日 , 认识到他们的家庭 。
why do so many of us plonk ourselves down in front of the telly with a microwave meal after a tiring day ? because it's convenient ?	为什么我们很多人把自己放在一天前面的微波饭放下来吗 ? 因为这是方便吗 ?
since json is just plain text with a simple bracketed structure , many channels can exchange a json message .	由于json只是使用简单的包装结构 , 许多通道可以交换一个json消息 。
drivers and attendants of emergency vehicles , unable to abandon their posts , died where they had stopped to give aid and assistance .	司机和强调紧急车辆的驱动员 , 无法阻止他们的邮件 , 死亡他们停止给援助和助 。
kevin rudd made a pact with the voters of australia last night to step forward with them and forge a new future for the nation .	最后一晚以澳大利亚的选民们做了一幅画 , 让他们进步 , 忘记了一个新的未来 。
this article studies the reactionmechanism of oligomerization of butadiene and the situation of reaction product utilization .	本文研究了黄铁的反应机理及反应产品利用情况的反应机理 。
once you start to look really closely , our wild flowers are as intimately beautiful as anything we cultivate in a garden .	一旦你开始看到真正密切 , 我们的野花就像我们在花园里培养的任何东西一样美丽 。
this wellpreserved painting is among thousands that were discovered on a 2008 expedition to document rock art in australia .	这是在2008年在澳大利亚发现的一个2008年被发现的文档岩艺术 。
life time is short...everyone has the right to enjoy life , to enjoy beatiful things , including this little gift .	生活时间短 , 永恒有权享受生命 , 享受美好的事情 , 包括这个小礼物 。
the effective up papaya soup red wine , red wine , the official website of papaya soup , wine , papaya soup with effect ?	有效的是 , 为了付款汤红酒 , 红酒 , 官方网站的官方网站 , 酒 , 花汤有效吗 ?
the results showed that the age of shaoxing ducks and dietary cp level significantly affected the cp retention ratio .	结果表明 , 分享鸭子和饮食cp水平的年龄明显影响cp注释率 。
the new collections of custom furs around town reveal plenty of folderol , but there are practical things too .	新收藏在城市的新收藏也显示了许多文件的文件 , 但是还有实际的事情 。
china international pro audio , light , music & technology exhibition undertaken by ceta is held each year from may to june .	中国国际音乐、光、音乐和技术展览每年都是由ceta举行的 , 每年五月举行的 。
therefore , it can be deduced that the doping level of the pani film increases with film thickness during film growing process .	因此 , 可以导致在电影增长过程中增加膜厚度的dppd水平 。
the imt of carotid artery and the area of carotid atherosclerosis plaque significantly reduced compared with control group .	与对照组相比 , 动脉动脉动脉动脉动脉动脉动脉动脉动脉动脉和动脉粥样的相比 , 显著降低 。
this paper summaries the structure of vsam file , and the data space , catalog , protection of data and functions of vsam .	本文总结了vsam文件的结构、数据空间、数据空间、数据空间、数据空间、数据保护和功能的数据和功能 。
methods 358 lesions of 79 stable vitiligo patients were treated 10 to 30 times with 308 nm excimer laser .	方法对358例稳定病人患者的358例稳定性维利戈病人治疗10至30倍的30倍 。
relevent suggestions for smooth progress of the 2nd generation peasant workers " citizenization are rasied in the last part . "	相关的建议在最后一部分 , 提出了两代农民工人 " 公民化的相关建议 。
those who preferred agency service enjoyed the agencies in shorter distance , lower cost and managed or supervised by the government .	那些喜欢的机构服务享受了短距离、低成本和管理或监督的机构 。
the authors then assess their influence on physical and mechanical properties of rock in the three gorges reservoir area .	然后对三峡储层地区的物理性能和机械性能进行了评估 。
if the machine where these servers are deployed is close to the minimum disk or ram requirements , then they should be reconfigured .	如果这些服务器部署在最小磁盘或ram要求的地方 , 那么它们应该重新配置 。
methods patients were divided into different groups , then all patients underwent renal color doppler energy imaging examinations .	方法分为不同组的患者 , 然后所有患者都清理肾色多普勒能量检查 。
li glass in no mood to li junkai smile , always wipe out drunk that night with liu qian hui sex scenes .	李玻璃没有情绪 , 笑着 , 总是在晚上 , 与刘贤的风景一起 , 总是带着梦想 。
on the other hand , discontinuing effective antidepressant medication during pregnancy entails a 60% or more risk of relapse .	另一方面 , 在妊娠期间 , 分泌有效抗抑郁剂药物 , 包括60%或更多的风险 。
results in animal study , lumbricus could inhibit the growth of staphylococci , bacillus coli and bacillus aeruginosus .	结果在动物研究中 , 肺动物可以抑制静态腺癌的生长、bacilluscoli和bacillus的生长 。
when there are buildings , they're usually poor structures of mud or adobe that don't survive the rainy season .	当建筑物时 , 他们通常是泥泥或吸收雨季度的结构 , 不会保存雨季的结构 。
i think this could be a significant turning point . i think the economic crisis has shown up the weakness of uncontrolled immigration .	我认为这可能是一个重要的转折点 , 我认为经济危机已经显示了不受控制的移民的弱点 。
and a universal cpldbased controller for twoamplitude actively clamped resonant dclink inverter is proposed too .	提出了一种基于两个amplitude的普遍的cpld控制器 。
a criminal complaint charges mooresaia with stealing substantial funds from wells fargo during her time as a bank employee .	一个犯罪抱怨莫罗吉亚 , 在她的时候 , 在她的银行员工的时候 , 随着稳定的资金 。
other civil servants shall normally participate in the offthejob training for not less than 12 days accumulatively every year .	其他的民事服务员每年都要参加正常的训练 , 每年不到12天的训练 。
the catalytic activated carbon deodorizing device was used for purifying odorous gases in sewage pumping station .	采用催化碳脱硫装置 , 用于在污水泵站净化气体的净化装置 。
the geonames geographical database is available for download free of charge under a creative commons attribution license .	地理数据库的地理数据库可用于在创建的共同共同属性许可下载自由的下载免费 。
mistletoe also known throughout history as the golden bough has several different legends associated with its beginning and its meaning .	米斯托尔也被称为金钱买了几个不同的传统 , 与其开始和其意义相关的传统相关 。
a particle swarm optimization algorithm for low voltage apparatus blanking part layout optimization was presented .	提出了一种用于低电压显示器的粒子游泳优化算法 。
that doesn't sound right . ' and finally the va told me that i was suffering from ptsd — posttraumatic stress disorder .	这并不对 。 " 最终 , 值得告诉我我我 , 我受到了ptsd的伤害 , 后来的压力障碍 。
in the temple courts he found men selling cattle , sheep and doves , and others sitting at tables exchanging money .	在寺庙里 , 他发现 , 男人在卖牛肉、羊羊和其他人坐在桌子交换货币 。
the vbelt equivalent coefficient of friction indicates that the bearing capacity of vbelt is higher than that of flat belt .	vbelt等效系数表明 , vlt承载能力比平板带的承载能力较高 。
children usually have night terrors at the same time each night , generally sometime in the first few hours after falling asleep .	孩子通常在同一晚上都有夜恐怖 , 通常在睡眠之后 , 一般有时候在第一次下午 。
the incremental cost per lifeyear saved was calculated for all eligible individuals and for highrisk individuals .	每年每年存储的增加成本 , 计算了所有的敏捷的个人和高级个人 。
others may use the guibased administration tool provided by the container to modify the container based on a specific environment .	其他人可能使用基于gui的管理工具 , 以修改包装器的包装器基于具体环境的包装器 。
licorice is a nourishing herbal medicine . the indication of licorice is expelling phlegm and arresting coughing .	许可是一种保护药物 , 警察指出 , 预测电话和逮捕咳嗽的药物 。
liren rpo consultant process outsourcing service provides part or overall specialized various services to customers during the recruitment .	lrenrpo咨询程序外包服务提供了部分或整体的各种服务 , 为客户在招聘期间客户提供服务 。
for the past fifty or a hundred years , transferred nationalism has been a common phenomenon among literary intellectuals .	过去五十年或一百年 , 转移民族主义是文学知识中常见的现象 。
butyraldehyde glycol acetal was synthesized from butyraldehyde and glycol by using iodine as catalyst .	采用催化剂 , 合成了黄油二醛和乙醇 , 用碘作为催化剂合成 。
this paper surveys interface automata , timed interface automata , resource interface and gamebased idea in them .	本文对接口自动、时间接口自动、资源接口、资源接口和游戏的思想进行研究 。
traumatic events , such as the 9/11 terrorist attacks , also tend to become seared in children's memories .	比如9/11恐怖袭击 , 也倾向成为孩子的记忆中搜索的搜索 。
therefore , the initiation of semiotic study of the stars is of multidimensionally academic and practical significance .	因此 , 由此 , 星的半学习机构是多维学术和实际意义 。
students's good or bad will character plays a significant role in achieving teaching objects and teaching task .	学生的好或坏字符将在实现教学对象和教学任务中发挥重要作用 。
that would undo years of reforms introduced by the liberal democrats to resuscitate japan's longstagnant economy .	这几年的改革将引入自由民主党的改革 , 以重新日本长期的经济 。
the advanced liquid nitrogen truck in the world has been applicated in oilgas production and has got good effect , which was imported in 1994 .	1994年 , 世界上先进的液氮混合物在石油生产中应用 , 并获得了良好的效果 。
sure my strange addiction features people who dress like babies , collect dead things , and compulsively bathe in bleach .	确保我的陌生添加特色 , 像婴儿、收集死亡事物 , 并且在布莱克完全保持婴儿的婴儿 。
fdf president ross warburton said the ambition plan showed that members were taking a leading role in developing sustainable food production .	fdf总统罗斯巴顿表示 , 成员们在发展可持续的食品生产中获得了重要作用 。
rover had saved evazan again , by surrounding the doctor with his gelatinous form and dropping from the castle wall .	路透再次拯救了埃瓦桑 , 通过围绕他的边缘形态 , 把医生放在墙上 , 把医生放下来 。
now let us also retrieve whatever portions of our grid work is our own from others , taking energy only and reweaving the holes and gaps therein .	现在 , 让我们还检索我们的网格工作的部分 , 是我们自己的能源 , 只有和重新重新在那里 。
for someone who once subsisted on cookies and soda , the road to a wholegrain , occasionally vegetarian life began with this staple .	对于一些人一直坚持在烹饪和soda上 , 路到整个地球人 , 偶尔地球人生开始了这个阶段 。
finally , the " interface effect " and the occurrence of polycrystalline during the vgfgaas crystal growth were discussed .	最后 , 讨论了vgfgfa晶体增长的 " 接口效应 " , 并讨论了多晶体的发生 。
they often retain their telephone numbers , including the area code , when they move from state to state , so it is hard to know where they are .	他们经常保留他们的电话数字 , 包括该地区代码 , 当他们从州移动时 , 所以很难知道他们的地方 。
methods 11 cases in exacerbation stage were chosen to study . swan ganz catheterization were taken for hemodynamic monitoring .	方法对11例在探索阶段进行研究 , 采用瑞典甘肃的动态监测 。
the aim of this thesis was to make some helpful research in this region though the research mode which was built in the thesis was still insufficient .	本论文的目的目标是为了在本论文中建立的一些有益的研究模式 , 尽管研究模式仍然不足 。
business first , pleasure afterward , as king richard said when he stabbed the other king in the tower , before he smothered the babies .	首先 , 高兴后来 , 当他站在塔旁边的其他王国时 , 就像国王一样说 , 就像他一样 。
porous silicon and its preparation technology have been used broadly in the fields of microsensors because of its special p...	由于其特殊pcrosers的特殊pcroeners领域广泛应用 , 具有良好的硅和制备技术 。
it looks as if that safety device is gone in this campaign and nothing will protect them from the hurt of failure at liverpool this evening .	它看起来如果安全的设备在这场运动中 , 没有任何东西将保护他们从利物浦的失败中保护 。
these images are from messenger , a nasa discovery mission to conduct the first orbital study of the innermost planet , mercury .	这些图像是来自mesenger的 , 纳粹发现 , 导致内部行星的第一个轨道研究 。
my former teacher told me that as an english major i should read major barbara , one of the major plays by g . b . shaw .	我的老师告诉我 , 作为英语主题 , 我应该读大巴拉 , 其中一个主要的球员之一 。
jerome sans , curator of the exhibit , says liu's work shows one reality of a modernizing china the people who are left behind .	刘氏的作品显示 , 杰里·萨恩 , 展览的顾客 , 说 , 刘氏的作品显示了一个现代化的中国人 , 留下的中国人 。
with the three treasures he winged his way back to heaven . when he got outside the pearly gates , he decided to examine his mementos .	随着这三条宝石 , 他在天堂外面的时候 , 他决定检查他的内容 。
they may touch cheeks , lips , chests , legs , and feel their partner’s hand along their back , thighs , or stomach .	他们可能触摸厨师 , 嘴唇 , 胸部 , 腿 , 腿 , 感觉他们的伴侣沿后 , 腿部 , 腿部 , 或者胃部 。
the regional climate response to land use and land cover changes of arid region in china is studied by a regional climate model .	通过区域气候反应 , 研究了我国地区气候模型的变化和土地覆盖的区域气候反应 。
se plays its biofunction through selenoprotein , of which selenoprotein p is a special isoform with 10 se cysteines .	通过性能蛋白 , 选择蛋白p是10个细胞蛋白酶的特殊性异异性 。
it showed that the concentration of chci_3 and ccl_4 were higher in waterworks than in source water , especially for ccl_4 .	结果表明 , 氯化钠和ccl4浓度高于源水中 , 尤其是为ccl4 。
also , it should have a few big bombing scenes that could provide moments of action and destruction , so it is likely to be both fun and titillating .	同时 , 应该有几个巨大的炸弹场景 , 可以提供行动和破坏时刻 , 所以它可能是两个功能和模拟 。
the bus was reaching the hill top and will go downhill after a turn . the right side of the bus was facing an unfathomable cliff .	公共汽车正在达到山顶 , 将在一个转弯之后 , 公共汽车的右侧面面面面面临着一个不可信的障碍 。
“i want to be fair to my employees , ” explains mary ellen elia , hillsborough’s superintendent .	" 我想要正在公平我的员工 , " 解释玛丽·埃尔利亚 , 希尔波罗的超级代表 。
bookable associated or nonassociated facility such as a commentary position , observer seat , camera position , etc .	可订阅或非相关设施 , 如一个评论位置、观察服务器座位、摄像机位置等 。
it has been used by science communicators worldwide to develop strategies for involving the public in decisions relating to science progress .	通过科学通信者全球开发战略 , 涉及科学进步的决策 。
denmark led the pack with 72% of people reporting that they were thriving , while the united states came in at no . 12 , with 59% .	丹麦克带来了72%的人们报道 , 美国在1月12日开始 , 而美国在1月12日 , 占59% 。
this article explores these considerations and discusses how an air or watercooled system can help you optimize your mig or tig welding performance .	本文探讨了这些考虑和讨论空气或冷却系统如何帮助您最优化你的mig或tig焊接性能 。
there are some differences among them , the temporization is as much as the transcendent , but they enrich and develop the text theory together .	它们中存在一些差异 , 温度较大 , 但是他们在一起开发文本理论 , 同时也很多 。
the academy awards started the visualeffectscategory in 1963 , though it was called “special effects” at the time .	学术奖于1963年开始了视觉效果 , 尽管它被称为 " 特殊效果 " 。
join exnavy seal richard " mack " machowicz on a wild ride around the globe in search of the ultimate weapon .	在搜索最终武器搜索的时候 , 加入密封标准 " 磁盘 " 机械化 。
i called my dad and it seemed that he had been waiting for the call and picked up and gave me the address incredibly efficiently .	我叫我的爸爸 , 似乎他在等着呼叫 , 把我放在地址上 , 给我带来了地址 。
deals heavy damage to your target over 9 seconds , and greatly reduces their armor . only usable from the sides or rear .	将重量损害到9秒以上的目标 , 大幅降低他们的记忆 , 只有用来自侧或重新使用 。
the division of malaria control of kenya , working with an international research team , has been monitoring the coverage and impact of this intervention .	肯尼亚的malariria控制部门 , 与国际研究团队进行一项国际研究团队的工作 , 监控了这种干预的覆盖和影响 。
it can be deployed within 30 minutes , and its selfmanaging , selfhealing capabilities minimize the need for human intervention .	它可以在30分钟内部署 , 并且其自我管理能力 , 自我保健能力最小提高人类干预需求 。
pd ports has submitted plans to develop a us$102 million import centre at teesport for the use of a major uk retailer .	pd港口已经提交了美国10万美元进口中心的计划 , 用于一个主要的英国零售商的使用 。
sentimental , timid and small nonpoint , prince of frozen cold , blunt nerve cavalier , dance big triangle !	情绪 , 蒂姆和小点 , 无点 , 寒冷的王子 , 蓝神经营养者 , 舞蹈大三角 !
land disposal laws made it progressively easier for farmers to purchase undeveloped land from the huge public domain .	土地灾难法使农民更容易购买农民 , 从大型公众领域开发的土地 。
in answer one mode you can set a predefined number and select the number of rings after which the phone should autoanswer .	在回答一个模式中 , 您可以设置一个预定义的数字 , 并选择电话应该自动答案之后的许多环 。
approximately 20 , 000 employees at over 800 locations worldwide provide technology , system and knowhow optimization .	近20万名员工在全球大约800多个地方提供技术、系统和知识优化 。
the next time you experience one of these emotions and you cannot figure out where it came from perhaps it came before your physical birth .	第二次你经历了这些情感之一 , 你不能在你的身体生命之前来到哪里 。
china , in short , would like to consolidate its industry into companies resembling bloomberg , time warner and viacom , analysts say .	分析人士说 , 中国 , 短期来 , 就想将其工业融资到公司记住布鲁伯格 , 时间战争和时间战争 , 时间战争 。
if a rac node stops working , oracle will not failover the dtp service until the oracle rac cleanup and recovery is complete .	如果一个rac节点停止工作 , oracle将失败dtp服务 , 直到aacleclec清洁和恢复完成 。
in the nottoodistant past , a developing nation tended to be seen as a country that lacked access to modern technology .	过去 , 一个发展的国家往往往被视为一个国家 , 缺乏访问现代技术的国家 。
objective to investigate the evaluation of fdgpet delayed image in diagnosis of malignant neoplasm in abdomen .	目的探讨fdgpet延迟图像在腹腔镜诊断恶性肾炎的诊断价值 。
this paper analysed the traits of emergence of malodor contamination in summer and put forward corresponding manipulative measures .	本文分析了夏季malodor污染的特点 , 并提出了相应的管理措施 。
methods: by means of colorimetry the complex was determined by combining picric acid and berberine hydrochloride .	方法:通过对称法测定复杂的方法 , 采用合成磷酸和柏林水解法测定了复杂的方法 。
li yiliang was relieved of duties as delegate of the sichuan people's congress due to suspect of taking bribes .	李永永永阳被救援为四川人民国会的代表 , 由于担任贿赂的嫌疑 。
word of this follows earlier proposals from political advisors , calling on the government to relax the policy .	这句话的话 , 从政治顾问早期提出的话 , 呼吁政府放松政策 。
the reason why the whitecollars suffer increasing workrelated stress is that they pursue work achievement in career .	因此 , 白色的原因是 , 更加有关的应力是他们追求工作成就的成就 。
and then all this earthquake happened , i thought , is that karma ? when you are not nice that bad things happen to you .	然后 , 这个地震发生了 , 我认为 , 卡拉玛 ? 当你不错的事情发生的时候 , 你就不错了 。
when codified , this collective knowledge makes a valuable extension to software patterns and classified as antipatterns .	当配置时 , 这种集体知识使软件模式和分类为抗ipters的软件模式和分类 。
in this article , the recent achievement and application of magnetic polymer microspheres for immobilized enzyme are summarized .	本文总结了近期磁聚合聚合物微球的应用及应用 。
elephant trunklike dust pillars point towards the hot blue stars and are telltale signs of their eroding effect .	相对信任的尘埃菲尔斯指向热蓝星 , 并且是告诉他们的侵蚀效果的安全信号 。
but very old unix and linux systems didn't implement the protective mechanism snprintf is supposed to implement .	但是很古老的宇宙和linux系统没有实现保护机制nntf的实现 。
if a shipper should use a p . o . box address , the recipients telephone number must be included on the label .	如果船员应该使用p.ox地址 , 应该使用一个p.box地址 , 您必须在实验室上包含的电话号码 。
that is the kind of study that we need to have in order to make a final decision about how long we really need to continue dual antiplatelet therapy .	这是我们需要的研究 , 为了制定一个最终决定 , 我们真正需要继续两个反复治疗的最终决定 。
for whatever reason , i tend to think of him as a lowprofile “insider , ” but his publication history belies this image .	无论如此 , 我倾向认为他是一个低级的 " 中文 " 的低级 " , 但他的出版历史相信这幅图像 。
vila formerlyequaly sneaked in the goal for the national sports team , this time he scored against england .	维拉先前的比赛在全国运动团队的目标下 , 这个时候他又被抓住了英格兰 。
the parents of old is old son return very jubilate , let an eldest son help its arrange the job immediately .	老儿的父母是老儿回到了很好的 , 让一个孩子帮助自己的安排工作 。
the energy centres are located at major branchings of the human nerve system from the base of the spine to the top of the head .	能源中心位于人类神经系统的主要分支系统 , 从头部到头部的顶部 。
you must trust your instinct when deciding on one specific business motivational speaker to rule and guide your team .	当定义某个特定的业务运动员的时候 , 你必须相信你的行业运动 , 指导你的团队 。
an initial version of a new connection web site , the clinical and translational science network , will be launched soon .	新连接网站的初始版本 , 临床和翻译科学网络 , 将很快发布 。
breakage is an important factor to influence wetting deformation of coarsegrained materials ; and farther study is necessary .	断裂是影响煤灰材料的湿化变形的重要因素 ; 研究的必要性 。
the working principle of 3d scanning with structured light and the system calibration of atos optical scanner are introduced .	介绍了3d扫描器的工作原理 , 并介绍了光学扫描器的系统结构光学扫描器的设计原理 。
the world health organization has sent inspectors to the granjas carroll farm . the results of the investigation have not been announced .	世界卫生组织已经发送了格兰贾斯卡罗斯·卡罗尔农场的检查 , 调查结果并未被宣布 。
signing signature right have the attribute of personal right , involving status right and personality right , and property right and absolute right .	签名符号权具有个人权的属性 , 涉及地位权和个人权权的属性 , 属性权和绝对权 。
this article is a perspective study on its physical , chemical , biological properties and the immunochemical detecting methods .	本文是一种研究其物理、化学、生物学性能及免疫化学检测方法的研究 。
general macarthur described the weapon as " one of the strongest contributing factors to our victory in the pacific " .	一般宏观地球描述了武器作为 " 太平洋 " 中最强的贡献因素之一 。
but the team concluded that those anomalies were created by jumbling of strata when debris flowed back into the crater after the impact .	然而 , 团队结论 , 当破坏后 , 这些原子被创建的时候 , 这些原子的形成被破坏的时候 , 突破了回到裂缝之后 。
likewise must the deacons be grave , not doubletongued , not given to much wine , not greedy of filthy lucre ;	与此同样的死亡必须是grave , 不要双调 , 不给许多葡萄酒 , 不要给许多葡萄酒 , 没有绿色的细菌 。
the two size mixtures of grafting starch and pva1799 were blending , and the stability of solution system was analyzed .	分析了移植淀粉和pva179的两个大小混合物 , 并对解决方案系统的稳定性进行了分析 。
the preconcentrated juice is provided to a multieffect evaporator , which removes a second portion of water to form a concentrate .	预定的汁为多效蒸汽器提供了集中的水分 , 将二部分水分离成集中 。
in the summer of 1974 , an ancient junk of sung dynasty was excavated in quanzhou bay , fujian province .	1974年74年夏天 , 曾经在四州湾 , 福建省 。
to say that travel is the luxury – and not necessity – of the fossil fuel generation is an oversimplification .	为了说 , 旅游是奢华的 , 而不必要的是石油燃料产生的必要性 。
this is in vertical position . 149 . 9 but i would think that the uncertainty of my measurement is probably 1 millimeter .	这是在垂直位置.149.99.9 , 但是我认为 , 测量的不确定性可能是1毫米 。
this paper is an analysis on the current situation of internal accounting control within the agricultural research institutions .	本文在农业研究机构中对国际会计控制的现状进行了分析 。
glass shows chemical inertness in the daily environment and does not react with living things , so it has extensive applications .	玻璃显示每天环境中的化学意义 , 没有与生活事物的反应 , 因此它具有广阔的应用 。
the first total synthesis of squamosamide was achieved in seven steps by us , with an over all yield of 14% .	第一步 , 通过对14%的产量 , 实现了四个阶段的总合成 , 获得了第一步合成 。
for example , if the registrar at a university is also taking courses , he or she may play the role of both student and registrar .	例如 , 如果一个大学的重新记录也是教程 , 他或许在两个学生和重新演奏的角色 。
migration results of the seg foothills overthrust model synthetic data shows that this approach is in high imaging accuracy .	研究结果表明 , 本方法在高成像精度下 , 本方法的迁移结果显示 , 该方法在高速成像精度上 。
we will ensure an adequate supply of agricultural products and increase farmers’ incomes through multiple channels .	我们将确保农业产品的独立供应 , 并通过多渠道增加农民的收入增加农民的收入 。
objective to know mycobacterium culture , bacterial type and medicine sensitiveness of outerpulmonary tuberculosis .	目的了解乳腺癌细菌培养、细菌类型和药敏感性 。
analysis has been carried out on the main factors which make the whole structure to be simplified , dutylightened and visualized .	分析了整个结构的主要因素 , 使整个结构简化 , 双重轻度和视觉化 。
synergism of certain essential oils when mixed with other essential oils or synthetic insecticides .	当混合物油或合物化合物或合成剂的时候 , 某些物质的神经主义 。
this means , there are no hidden elements that could improve the renderings later , making it easier for you to follow along .	这意味着 , 没有隐藏的元素 , 后来可以提高重新启动的元素 , 使它更容易跟随你跟随 。
this example presents graphically , . the confidence level and uncertainty limit of gaussian of uniform r . v . .	例如 , 这个例子给出了图形的 , 信心水平和不确定性限制了统一的rv 。
the tube deformation characteristics on assel mill are deformation concentrating at shoulder and wall thickness in rolling zone increasing .	矿石矿的管道变形特征是在应力和墙厚度的变形 , 增加了管道变形特征 。
generally that , do not the history of the private sector is not yet included in the official history of the history books .	一般来说 , 私人部门的历史并不包括在历史书的官方历史上 。
the 21st century is info society , and info security is one of the part of our national security stratagems .	21世纪是infoo社会 , 而info安全是我们国家安全战略的一部分之一 。
the effects of particle size of tungsten powders and tac quantity on densification and grain size were investigated .	研究了钨钨粉的粒子尺寸及陶瓷质量对密度和粒子尺寸的影响 。
the drug resistant rates of two kinds of staphylococcus were similar , drug resistance to vancomycin was both 0 .	药物耐药率相似 , 药物耐药率为0 。
stealth technologies , target characteristics and detection technologies for the stealth cruise missile are discussed .	讨论了钢筋切削导弹的目标特征及检测技术 。
objective to study high frequency color doppler ultrasound in pulmonary artery place affection imaging on children .	目的探讨肺动脉动脉动脉动脉动脉超声对儿童的高频彩色多普勒超声对儿童感染的影响 。
the third rules are has carried on the numerical control complex components the processing programming as well as the simulation process .	第三条规则已在数值控制复杂的组成处理程序和仿真过程中进行了数值控制复杂的组成 。
objective: to discuss the feasibility of twodimensional ion chamber array in daily quality assurance of accelerator .	目的:探讨两维离子离子室阵列的可行性 。
educational ethnography is a research model or method that is applied the paradigm of ethnography in educational environment .	教育生态学是教育环境中的一个研究模型或方法 。
with the rapid development of industrialization today , industrial accident have become a common personal injury accident .	随着工业化的迅速发展 , 工业事故已经成为一个常见的个人伤害事故 。
however , the poll showed people were less willing to date someone with a lifelong sexually transmitted disease or someone with poor hygiene .	然而 , 调查显示 , 人们不愿与一个人传播疾病 , 或有人与贫穷的gien有关 。
using coordinate rotation based on pwave particle vibration , aligning the source components at different depths have been achieved .	利用基于p波粒子振动的协调旋转 , 得到了不同深度的源元件来源组成部分 。
electric heating pads are cumbersome , generally inflexible , and don't work away from a source of electricity .	电热传感器是数字化的 , 通常是灵活的 , 而不从电力源来源工作 。
" zhuangzi " is the the warring states period zhuangzhou's works , which is one of the important classics of taoism .	" 张州 " 是 " 张州 " 时期的战争状态 , 是儒家的重要经典之一 。
the other compounds or treatment concentrations had no clear attractive or repellent action against the female adults .	其他化合物或治疗浓度没有明显的吸引力或反复对女性成年的反应 。
oblivious to its cause , this scientist called the photography company and ordered a replacement for the " defective " film .	很明显的是它的原因 , 这个科学家叫做照片公司 , 并为 " 缺陷 " 电影提供了替代 。
today and the coming next 10 days , i will be doing overtime at chq due to the huge amount of customer orders .	今天和未来的10天 , 我会在chq上做更多的时间 , 因为大量客户订单的订单 。
he said he would ask congress to increase aid to pakistan but in return he expected pakistan to tackle the safe havens .	他说 , 他要求国会提高巴基斯坦 , 但是在他期待巴基斯坦 , 希望巴基斯坦能够获得安全 。
if i use mms early and wisely , i may never have another cold , bronchitis , flu , or pneumonia in the future .	如果我早期使用mmmmms早期和智慧 , 我永远从未来没有另外一个冷却、布隆蒂、流感或肺炎 。
maybe there will be some kind of backlash when they hit adolescence , but at least they will have had most of their lives to assimilate the information .	或许 , 当他们打击老年的时候 , 至少他们都有大部分的生活 , 至少他们都有很多的生活 , 才能模拟信息 。
eclipse lets you automatically generate the hashcode and equals methods for your classes so you don't have to do it yourself .	eclipse让你自动生成hahcode代码和平等方法 , 这样你就不需要做到自己 。
the architect determines which use cases can be implemented by preexisting applications or services and which use cases need to be constructed or extended .	建筑确定使用例子可以通过预先应用程序或服务的实现 , 并使用例子需要建立或扩展 。
we should rather recognize in it the speculative spirit of our language rising above the me 'eitheror' of understanding .	我们应该再次认识到我们的语言精神上升在我所认识的 " 上面 " 的 " 理解中 。
because microflows perform better than longrunning processes , use a microflow for your proxy process implementation if possible .	由于微流比长期运行过程更好 , 使用一个微流程实现 , 如果可能实现 。
but the stapes would not take on its familiar role as a component of the terrestrially adapted tympanic ear for millions of years .	但是 , 星球不会把它的熟悉角色作为一个严格适应的典型的气候耳朵 。
kim jongil inspects the newlybuilt kanggye farm at chagang province . photo released on december 11 , 2009 .	2009年12月111日 , 金正日检查了新建的康吉尼农场 , 2009年12月11日发布的照片 。
red colobus monkeys would be among the primates most threatened by warminginduced leaf changes , a new study says .	新研究显示 , 红色的猴子将是最严重的 。
inspired participation in your game is choosing to engage in something that matters to you , playing it fully and enjoying it .	在你的游戏中 , 吸引参与的参与是选择在某些事情中选择的事情 , 玩得完全 , 享受它 。
you shouldn't ask your date if they're having a good time , and you shouldn't ask the interviewer how you did at the end of the interview .	你不应该问你的日期 , 如果他们有很好的时间 , 你就不应该问你在采访结束的结束 。
and us retail major walmart has ruled that from 2008 , all its deep freezers in the us and worldwide will be lit up with leds .	美国零售主要的沃尔玛rt已经从2008年开始 , 所有的深度冻结器在美国和世界范围内 , 都会很少 。
the authors noted that prospective , randomized , placebocontrolled trials are needed to confirm the findings of this observational study .	作者指出 , 随机化、控制试验需要确定该观察的发现 。
you know no more about unicorns than i do , for i've read the same books and heard the same stories , and i've never seen one either .	你知道没有比我做的不多 , 因为我已经读过相同的书 , 听到同样的故事 , 我从来没有见过一个 。
he says p2p players do almost everything that banks do—market products , evaluate borrowers , underwrite and service loans .	他说 , p2p球员几乎所有这些银行做的事情 , 标准的产品 , 评估浏览者、下面和服务贷款 。
in the case of the sales house the program required linear movement from one end of the building to the other as a device to move people through .	在销售的案例中 , 要求一个终点建立到另一端的线性运动 , 作为一个设备移动人们 。
tea attained the prime in tang dynasty , which spread from southwest china through yangtze river over thousands of years .	茶在唐代 , 东南部的东南部 , 经过了数千年的江流 。
after a long day at the office , you might be inclined to stagger home and collapse in front of your new flatscreen television .	在办公室之后 , 你可能会在你的新平板屏幕电视前停止家里和崩溃 。
in india , 8 . 6% of girls aged between 15 and 19 are having babies ; in nepal , that figure tops 10% .	印度 , 8.6%的女孩在15岁和19岁之间有婴儿 ; 在网络上 , 这个数字是10% 。
kate's story examines kate's life as a photographer and accessories buyer , as well as being a party girl .	凯特的故事检查凯特的生命是一个摄影师和访问者 , 并且是一个党女孩 。
everyone can make you smile . many people can make you cry . but it takes someone really special to make you smile with tears in your eyes .	每个人都可以让你微笑 , 许多人都可以哭 , 但是它真的是特别的 , 让你在你的眼睛里笑着 。
as former marine and dog handler mike dowling put it in an interview , " as long as the dog is with the handler , he's loving life . "	正如前海军和狗手迈克尔在采访中把它放在一次采访中 , " 只要狗和手臂一样 , 他还有生活 。 "
also while he was at disney , burton developed his blackandwhite short frankenweenie , about a boy who revives his dead dog .	同时 , 他还在迪尼 , 布鲁顿开发了他的黑白白色短缺的弗兰克·韦吉尼 , 大约有一个男孩重新收到他的死狗 。
one expert argued that , for years , the united states has underinvested in technologies to make automobiles more fuelefficient .	一个专家认为 , 多年来 , 美国已经在技术中获得了自动化的技术 , 使汽车更加丰富 。
people who are worried about losing their jobs do things that keep them from getting laid off they drink less and take fewer risks .	那些担心失去他们的工作做出的事情 , 让他们离开饮料的饮用更少 , 还有几个风险 。
pointing at a large concrete building in central zlitan , the man added: " they have a close watch on all our movements .	在中央zlitan的一个大混凝土建筑中 , 这个人说: " 他们在所有的运动上都有密切的观察 。
hi frank if u had to release a single wot type of stuff would using about and would u like to do a duet wiv anyone ?	艾弗兰克如果英国必须释放一个单独的ttufsfsffffs , 并且可以用来做任何人呢 ?
but when it comes to studenttofaculty ratio , their rankings drop , with tsinghua at 22th and peking at 23rd .	然而 , 当它来到学生福利比赛时 , 他们的跑步下降时 , 新华22号和23rd 。
the paper has put forward a new method for quickly and accurately predicting the shelf life of silastic with the least experiments and cost .	本文提出了一种快速的新方法 , 精确预测了最小实验和成本的自适寿命的新方法 。
also check out your cellphone or pda—you'll never miss a deadline when your schedule is in your pocket or purse .	还检查你的手机或pda-you永远不会错过一个死亡的时候 , 当你的手机或追求时 , 就会错过一个死亡 。
in fact , susquehanna says , in january “kayak was priceline’s fifth largest source of traffic worldwide . ”	事实上 , 苏珊纳说 , 在一月的 " 日本 " 日本 " 是全球第五大源 。
we want 4 . 000 friends to our account only from greece and who will be mainly be advertising companies or type centers !	我们希望只有4.00万个朋友来自希腊 , 他们主要是广告公司或类型中心 !
those who believe that transparency has inherent value , or that it should be the norm , may initially have difficulties with this approach .	那些相信 , 透明性有内在价值 , 或者它应该是标准的 , 最初可能与此方法有困难 。
you can use this technique when you need to separate an input array into two or more smaller arrays based on criteria in the input data .	在输入数据中 , 可以使用这个技术 , 当您需要分离输入的输入阵列到两个或更小的两个或更小的阵列 。
the dow jones industrial average rose 178 . 08 points , or 1 . 53 percent , at 11 , 836 . 04 .	道琼斯工业平均平均平均平均涨178.08点 , 或1.53% , 11 , 836.04点 。
it's a step up , procedurally , from the bigbang model , in that it at least requires some idea of what the product requirements are .	这是一步的步骤 , 从大港模型来说 , 至少需要一些产品要求的概念 。
high quality steamed bread was made with adding a proper quantity of baking soybean flour or dietary fiber made from soybean hulls .	采用高质量的蒸汽干燥剂 , 加入大豆粉或饮料纤维 , 制备了高质量的面包 。
the chemist jeanbaptiste dumas , french minister of agriculture , was charged with stopping the epidemic .	化学家janbaptiste杜马斯 , 法国部长弗雷克·弗兰克·弗兰克·弗雷克·弗雷克·弗兰克·弗雷克·斯蒂斯 。
lee scott , the boss of walmart , the world's biggest retailer , is said to see great scope for improving his supply chain .	李科特 , 沃尔玛的老板 , 世界最大的零售商表示 , 为了改善其供应链的大规模 。
and , israel continues to amass ground troops around gaza in preparation for a possible ground offensive .	并且 , 伊拉尔仍然继续在加沙制备一个可能的地面的地面部队 。
tourists go to the beach , they go to lamu island , they go to malindi , they go to mombasa , they sit and drink beer .	旅游客去海滩 , 他们去拉姆岛 , 他们去马林迪 , 他们去莫巴拉 , 他们坐着 , 喝啤酒 。
sife is an incubator , breeding a lovingheart , nourishing selfconfidence and producing many a young group which can do well .	sssssssssssssssis是一个存活心 , 保护自信 , 并制造许多年轻的小组 。
it is the cunning of reason , no doubt , but one has to recognize the cunning of the reasoner , and take one's hat off to him .	这是原因 , 没有疑问 , 但是一个人必须认识原因的声音 , 然后拿出一个人去了他 。
more gratifying is the fabric after cold rolling feel softer , quality improves , as benign and usher in a new customer .	更加灰色的是 , 冷轧感觉太高 , 质量提高 , 作为新的客户和用户 。
using pictures taken with the spitzer space telescope , scientists first removed light from closer stars and galaxies .	使用图片随着喷墨器空间电镜 , 科学家首先从密闭的星星和星系中删除光 。
help your child set her own achievable goals she'll learn to take pride in herself and rely less on approval or reward from others .	帮助你的孩子设置自己的成就目标 , 她会学到自己的价格 , 并且依赖于其它人的批准或奖励 。
second , libya's cities and oases are islands in a sea of sand and of pivotal importance as supply depots .	第二 , 利比亚的城市和海洋的岛屿和海洋的岛屿 , 作为供应的潜水 。
other names for this bird are celebes imperial pigeon , celebes green imperial pigeon and green imperial pigeon .	其他名字叫这个鸟类的其他名字 , 蜂窝绿色的绿色的皮质和绿色的皮质 。
keep it clean , clear , pseudo impartial , but definitely focused on benefits for specific customers .	保持它清洁 , 清洁 , 伪装印象 , 但是尽管关注特定客户的利益 。
a major part of economic theory deals with largescale phenomena such as stock market fluctuations or gross national products .	经济理论论的主要部分 , 如股市市场流动或地区国家产品 , 如大规模现象交易 。
step 7: social life giving yourself a break from the activity which is stressing you is as good a relaxation tool as any .	第七步:社会生活让自己从活动中放松工具 , 让你感到很好的放松工具 。
and in the case of the completely inelastic collisions that we have seen last time , we lost kinetic energy , which was converted to heat .	在最后一次我们看到的时候 , 我们失去的动力能量 , 这是转换到热 。
also , gypsies may be buying pieces of land on green belts and have little or no knowledge of the administration system .	同时 , gypsyps可能是购买绿豆的土地 , 并没有知识管理系统的知识 。
spanish is what we call a " romance " language , meaning that it is based on latin , the language of the ancient roman empire .	西班牙是我们所谓的 " 浪漫 " 语言 , 意味着它是基于拉丁 , 古罗马帝国语言的语言 。
apple is allowing publishers to set their own prices , and the titles shown at the demo retailed for $12 . 99 and under .	苹果是允许出版商设置自己的价格 , 并在民主零售的12.9美元 , 并在此下 。
he says celebrities who act like they do not want to be photographed are hypocrites who secretly adore the attention .	他说 , 像他们不想像他们一样的活动一样 , 就像他们不想被摄影的那样是那些秘密的注意力 。
a hardness separation system for steel ball based on preventive multifrequency testing eddy current technology was presented .	提出了一种基于预防多频测试电流测试的硬度分离系统 。
this creates a field with a matching label on the design canvas and automatically binds the field to the node in the instance .	本实例创建了一个配置实验室 , 并自动地绑定到节点中节点的场景 。
the activities of pod in the serum , muscle and hepatopancreas of the injected shrimp remained stable .	在血清中 , 肌肉和肝胰岛素的活动仍然稳定 。
but he was a gallant warrior , and when he rose to make his final adieu his mouth was grimly set and his shoulders were squared .	可是他是一名优秀的战争 , 当他骑着他的母亲最终的时候 , 他的肩膀正在设立和肩膀 。
for example , belgium sent four f16 jets and 150 military personnel to help with the libyan nofly zone .	例如 , 贝尔数字发送了四个16英尺和150个军事人 , 以帮助利比亚诺夫区的帮助 。
redwinged blackbirds were perched on fence posts . farmers were out in their fields , preparing for another season .	红色的黑鸟在他们的场景上被抓住 。 农民在他们的领域 , 准备另一个季节 。
the state could not curtail such activities without inflaming the entire populace , although it periodically tried .	国家不能把这样的活动从未受到整个人口的影响 , 尽管它周期试图 。
one brand that's hot in the fashion world is miro , and its trendy designs of clothing and shoes originate in barcelona .	在时尚世界的一个品牌是微米的 , 且它的衣服和鞋子的趋势设计 , 原始于巴塞罗那 。
but days later , experiencing something similar while i was alone triggered a memory that made me miss andy acutely .	但是一天后来 , 专家在一起试图让我想到的记忆 , 让我很难想到的 。
at the same time , close study of the text has been an ample reward to use for the effort expended , as we hope it will be to others .	同时 , 近年来 , 文本的研究已经成为一种用来实现努力支持的样本奖励 , 因为我们希望它是其他人 。
the paper is concerned with two aspects:a necessary and sufficient condition for convex hull of a set in e2 being closed ;	本文关注了两个方面:必要和足够的条件 , 为e2设置的混凝土混凝土混凝土混凝土混凝土 ;
in the movies he always wore a fake mustache , had poor man's clothes and often walked funny with a cane .	在这部电影里 , 他总是穿着一只胖子的穆斯塔克 , 经常穿着衣服 , 穿着一只蜡烛 。
france mercilessly crushed rebellions in tonkin , and sat back while over one million vietnamese starved after world war ii .	法国商人在联合国 , 坐在一百万名参加战争后 , 全球战争后 , 无论在法国人无法把重复撤退 , 坐在一百万名胜利 。
as a result , you get two parallel connectors , one for each navigation direction , from screen 1 to screen 3 , and one back .	结果 , 您获得了两个平板连接器 , 每个导航方向 , 从屏幕1到屏幕3 , 然后一个回来 。
yet when standardsize clothes are altered for a man like mr . lefkowitz , the final proportions can come out all wrong .	然而 , 当标准化衣服变成像利福克斯先生这样的男人 , 最终的比例可以出现所有错误 。
the route varies every year , taking riders and fans through mountains , tiny towns , and the streets of paris .	每年各样的路由变化 , 通过山、小镇、小镇以及巴黎的街道 。
qg: you have been practicing in landscape design and urban design for 15 years . did you ever have any frustration in your career ?	问g:你已经在景观设计和城市设计中实践 , 为15年 , 你曾经在你的职业生涯中有任何破坏 ?
an elegant chardonnay from yarra valley with delicious citrus , nectarine and fresh apricot flavors .	由雅拉·谷歌 , 附近和新鲜的杏仁黄酮 。
" the child stared at him open mouthed and horrified for a minute , then gasped: " didn't you get my email ?	" 孩子们站在他开口的嘴里 , 为一分钟 , 然后收集: " 你没有收到我的电子邮件吗 ?
southwest said three planes had cracks similar to those in the phoenix jet and would be repaired before they fly again .	西南方说 , 三个计划在凤凰xjet中有类似 , 并且在他们再次飞行之前将再次修复 。
direct mail and telephone solicitation are such effective fundraising tools that most large social movement organizations use one or both .	直接邮件和电话解释是这样有效的基础工具 , 大多数社会运动组织使用一个或两个 。
engineers have long known that designing smaller , lighter vehicles is an ideal way to meet tighter fueleconomy standards .	工程师长期知道 , 设计更小 , 轻型车辆是一种理想的方法 , 以满足重量货币经济标准 。
listen people the senator is 25 points ahead in the polls but he wants us to keep running scared like we're way behind .	听着人们的参议员是25分钟 , 但是他想让我们保持这样的跑步 , 就像我们后面的路上一样 。
safrian added , “they knew his face , and . . . even after ten days , staying in the sun , his face had not changed ! ”	萨弗里安补充道: " 你知道他的脸 , 10天后 , 甚至在太阳里 , 他的脸没有改变 ! "
this article clears the measuring coupling relationship between horizontal azimuth and pitch angles by detailed mathematical deduction .	本文通过详细的数学缺陷 , 详细阐述了水平模拟与pitch角度之间的耦合关系 。
first , it proved indubitably that she and her husband occupied separate rooms , in itself a shocking enough state of affairs .	首先 , 证明她和丈夫分离房间 , 自身是足够的状态 。
it's highly prohibited that nonoperator or nonrepairman should enter the safety protection rails of the mold soaker to avoid scorching .	高度地表示 , 非操作者或非修理人应进入模具安全保护铁路 , 避免调整 。
at present , the development and application of acetate fibers in textile industry in some developed countries such as america and japan have been relatively mature .	目前 , 一些开发国家和日本相对成熟 。
the accuracy of the aromas index model of tobacco established in this study on tobacco aromas types was 87 . 9% .	本研究对烟草类型的气候指数的准确性为87.9% 。
methods:the models with hyperglycemia were induced by alloxan to observe the effects of balsam pear grande on the blood sugar .	方法:采用合金氧化钠对血糖的影响 , 观察血糖对血糖的影响 。
in addition , the learning content and function structure are abstract to the educational model in practice by eml educational modeling language .	此外 , 文章介绍了由eml教育模式的教育内容和功能结构对教育模型的影响 。
based on geostatistics regionalization variable and variogram , kriging interpolation technology was described in detail .	详细介绍了基于地球稳定区域化变量和变量的基础上 , 提出了基于地球化的解析技术 。
if allowed to come into contact with the skin , croton oil causes blistering and painful skin irritation which can last up to three weeks .	如果允许与皮肤相互联系 , 克罗顿油原因突破和痛苦的皮肤灌溉 , 能持续到三周 。
the discrete time sliding mode controller design for stability and active power distribution of a twogenerator parallel running system is discussed in this paper .	本文讨论了一种双代理板运行系统的稳定性和活性功率分布的离时间滑动模式控制器设计 。
though more cases were reported by the specific reporting system than the routine system , the problem focus on delayed reporting cases . so , it is needed to perfect...	尽管通过特定报告系统报告 , 尽管更多的例子被报告系统报告系统报告 , 但是需要完善的问题 , 所以需要完善 。
more than 500 relief agencies are operating in haiti and the skies are filled with aircraft ferrying supplies to portauprince .	超过500多个救援机构在海地运营 , 航空飞机在海地上 , 供应 。
as a kind of ideal transmission medium in the shortdistance communication network , polymer optical fiber has great foreground of development .	作为一种理想传输介质 , 在短期传输网络中 , 聚合物光纤具有很大的发展前景 。
this amerigo accompanied several expeditions to the new world and actually found a great deal of new land in the southern part of the hemisphere .	此外 , 美国联合了几个代表 , 实际上发现了一个在半球南部的新地区的新地区的一部分 。
alli alloys is a new type of material of airplane construction which rises recently . it is famous at its low modulus of elasticity .	合金是一种新型的飞机架构材料 , 近期上升的空气架构材料 , 是它的低模块 。
and answer is " it " imperative tool settlement does not provide " emissions " regulations and the environmental protection agency for compliance .	答案是 " 进口工具设置不提供 " 排放 " 和环境保护机构的环境保护机构 。
in the fortieth year of the reign of david they were sought for , and there were found among them mighty men of valour at jazer of gilead .	在那一年的约会里 , 大卫们的回到了 , 发现他们可能在吉利达州的那里 , 被发现在花园里 。
compared with economic strength and practical needs of both sides , bilateral business cooperation enjoys huge development potential .	与经济强度和实际需求相比 , 双边商业合作享有巨大的发展潜力 。
the predominance of positive experiences permits the absorption , integration , and mentalization of the negative segment of experience .	积极经验的初步性 , 允许吸收、集成、集成和精神化 。
dried fish , dried squid , shells , sea cucumbers , shelled shrimp , dried sea snake , agar , and others .	干燥鱼 , 干燥 , 滑雪 , 海泵 , 滑雪 , 干燥海蛇 , 还有其他 。
with the method of prescribed burning , the effects of burning on leymus chinensis population in inner mongolia steppe were discussed .	随着预言的方法 , 讨论了在内蒙古人群中的作用 。
when phosphate fertilisers are used in such countries , yields increase but at a high cost to farmers and to the environment , he said .	他说 , 当磷酸盐肥胖的人在这样的国家使用时 , 产量增加 , 但是在农民和环境中 , 高成本高 , 成本高 , 成本上升 。
objective to compare the contents of amygdaloside in ephedra decoctions made by using traditional method with that by soaking granules with boiling water .	目的比较采用传统的方法 , 利用传统的方法 , 利用传统的方法 , 比较了amygdaloide的含量 。
only , a dynamics model of bridging fiber is built , fracture dynamics problems of composite materials are solved very well .	只有 , 建立了桥梁纤维的动力学模型 , 建立了复合材料的框架动力学问题 。
christian dior launched a multimedia photo exhibit in shanghai in midmay , showing off its lady dior line of handbags .	基督教死亡于上海中期的多媒体照片展览 , 显示了它的手袋的身体外线 。
in 2002 , hm king abdullah ii of jordan outlined a strategy to make jordan a regional information technology hub .	2002年 , hm国王abdlaii指出了一个战略 , 使jordan一个区域信息技术hardan出现了一个策略 。
in your life , be sure to make yourself more magnanimous , for a person like that won't be puzzled with insoluble problems and can be optimistic .	在你的生活中 , 确定让自己更加恶性 , 因为一个人喜欢这样不会被困难的问题 , 并且可以优化 。
art form is an important category in simmel's art thoughts , and is also the expression of aesthetic redeeming in ails .	艺术形式是immel艺术思想中的一个重要类别 , 同时也是美学的表达 。
as you will be loving for the longhaul , make sure you avoid the friction , pain , and discomfort that can result from working each other raw by using lube .	当你将在长哈尔的时候 , 确保你避免摩擦 , 痛苦 , 并且难以避免每个原则的工作 。
in some places , one person will play a small gong and sing songs to praise the coming of spring . this person will give a picture of an ox to every household .	在某些地方 , 一个人会玩一个小门 , 唱歌歌 , 提高春天的未来 , 这个人将给每个房子的图片 。
oh , captain butler , you shouldn't hold me so close . i will be mad if you do ! another dance and my reputation will be lost forever .	哦 , 骆驼 , 你不能把我放在那么紧密 , 我就会疯了 ! 如果你做的话 , 另外一个舞蹈 , 我就会失去 。
in the long span of the chinese history , the descendants of the yellow emperor have been righteously proud of the existence of the outstanding confucius .	在中国历史悠久的跨越 , 黄帝的最后一直是正确的骄傲的出现 。
his colossus , whose size would be appropriate to a temple or city square , is a young , crouching , barefoot boy .	他的颜色 , 大小将适用于一个寺庙或城市平方 , 是一个年轻的青春 , 腐蚀 , 婴儿 。
the results of landscape index of ndvi patch grades in thousand island lake area reflect the status of the plant communities on them well .	本研究结果表明 , 数千多岛屿湖地区的土地景观指数的结果也反映了植物社区的状况 。
more organic fertilizer can not only improve soil aggregates structure and basic character , but also be propitious to the effect of water and soil coupling .	更有机肥料不仅能改善土壤混合结构和基本特性 , 而且对水和土壤耦合的影响也很明显 。
this unique , easy to rinse formula leaves hair soft , smooth and easy to manage with a fresh , light fragrance .	这种独特的是 , 很容易上升公式 , 发发柔软 , 光滑轻松 , 轻轻松地管理 。
pedrito tried once more to picture his wife and small son , his parents and his relatives , all of whom he felt certain were standing outside .	菲利托试图绘制他的妻子和小儿子 , 他的父母和他的父母 , 所有的人都感到一定是在外面的 。
this paper proposes a threedimension reverse design method of blade based on turbine according to the flow parameters and revolution of pump .	本文提出了一种基于涡轮机的三维逆转设计方法 , 根据流动参数和改革的三维逆转逆转设计方法 。
it now contains a bouquet of highend boutiques , possibly what mr . beane’s joke about those antiques dealers was alluding to .	现在 , 它还包含了一个高端的董事会 , 可能是北美的关于那些抗议者的喜欢 。
when the new trains start running it will only take one and a half hours . that's just a little longer than it takes to eat lunch and have a nap !	当新训练开始运行时 , 只有一半小时 , 只有一个半小时 , 这只比它要吃午餐 , 还要吃一点点 !
sulzer chemtech was built on innovation and the key to our success continues to be ongoing development of new ideas and concepts .	ulzerer化学技术建立了创新和我们的成功的关键 , 继续发展新的思想和概念的发展 。
however , mscs cocultured with normal hippocampal slices expressed bdnf at a lower level at any times of coculture .	然而 , msc与正常的hpopocacampmpal冰板在任何时间的低水平上表达了bdnf 。
of all the fragrances — sandal , tagara , blue lotus and jasmine — the fragrance of virtue is the sweetest .	所有的碎片中 , 沙拉 , 塔格拉 , 蓝莲和杰米-----虚拟的框架是最甜的 。
company is a foreign investment company under b multicountry company , which belonging to the h steel group , the largest steel enterprise in australia .	公司是一家在多国公司的外国投资公司 , 属于钢铁集团 , 澳大利亚最大的钢铁企业 。
according to the hibernate shards documentation , this property is quite expensive and should be turned off in a production environment .	根据hibernate硬盘文档 , 这种属性很昂贵 , 应该在生产环境中转移 。
uprise shocked regnant group of rome , become acute clique of the noble in curia and the contradiction that civilian sends .	上海的记忆集团 , 成为当前的诺贝利亚和民众发出的矛盾 。
objective: to study the composition , microstructure and microhardness change of the surface reaction layer of titanium cast with three investments .	目的:研究钛铸件表面反应层表面反应层的组成、微型结构及微硬度改变 。
metrics tool performance and compatibility the volume of our data overwhelmed our hyperion brio desktop metrics tools .	介质工具性能和兼容了我们的数据覆盖了我们的超离briobybrio桌面的数量 。
literature evaluation: among 3 501 obtained indexes , 35 concerning inclusion criteria were selected for summarized .	文献评价:在3501年获得的指数中获得的文献评价 , 总结了35个关注的标准 。
multiple sizes or alternative facepiece designs can provide the individual with additional options for obtaining a good fit and seal .	多个尺寸或更换的faces设计可以提供更多的个人选择来获得良好的配置和密封的个人选择 。
firstly , according to the news text , the figure is found among urban employees which is to say not include people without a work .	首先 , 根据新闻报道 , 数据是在城市员工中发现的城市员工之间 , 这些人不包括工作 。
though wimbourne does not exist in modern britain , there is a wimborne minster a small town on the southern coast of england .	虽然wmboururne没有存在现代英国的英国 , 但是在英格兰南部的一个小城市都有一个小城市 。
also , to stimulate the economy , the government should back low interest loans . uh , this is for housing , cars , bigticket items .	同时 , 为了刺激经济 , 政府应该回报低利益贷款.uh , 这是为了住房、汽车、大型货物 。
rebooting geronimo will correct the error for one , but then generate the exception again when the database is accessed by the other .	重复geronimo将对一个错误进行正确 , 但是在数据库访问时再生成的例外 , 当另一个数据库被访问 。
kate beckinsale , playing a nurse , declares . " before doolittle's raid , americans knew nothing but defeat ; "	katebeckinsalsalsal , 打个护士 , 声明: " 前来 , 美国人知道没有什么事情 , 但缺陷 ; "
after analyzing cop cobweb algorithm , an approach for combining background knowledge into category utility was proposed .	通过对copcobwebweb算法进行分析 , 提出了一种结合背景知识的方法 。
the root length , the state of root system , stem height , stem basal diameter , biomass of above and belowground were investigated .	研究了根长 , 根系的根长度、茎基质介质、上面和地下的生物量 。
a letter believed to be written by mostafaei was posted on the internet on saturday , calling for the release of his relatives .	一封信相信 , 大多数afai在星期六被网上写的信件 , 呼吁他相对的释放 。
studies show that the smoking cessation drug such as zyban , available by prescription , helps many people quit without gaining weight .	研究表明 , 吸烟消化药物如zyban , 可用的药物 , 可以帮助许多人在没有获得重量 。
a total of 12 eligible studies representing 7 of 10 incidence groups in 24 jeendemic countries were identified .	鉴定了24个jendic国家的总体12个可行的研究对象 。
science and real estate development to determine the size of the supply of land to enhance landuse regulation to stop land hoarding behavior .	科学和房地产发展为了确定土地供应的大小 , 以提高土地规定 , 以保持土地保护行为 。
then the method of combustion heat is employed to distinguish the stability of heat in different crystal modifications of disperse violet hfrl .	然后 , 采用燃烧热法对不同晶体中不同晶体的温度的稳定性进行了研究 。
the doctorial advisor team construction of the doctorial students is vital to the training qualities of the doctorial students .	医生咨询团队建设医生是医生训练质量的重要课程 。
in this paper , a power balancing method is proposed in multiinput multioutput cellular systems , and ber performance is analysed .	本文提出了一种多输入多输入多输入多输入多输入细胞系统的功率平衡方法 , 并给出了光纤性能 。
the clustering technology provides a lowlevel messaging structure which keeps all the nodes in the cluster synchronized .	集群技术提供了一个低级消息结构 , 保持集群的所有节点的节点都保持所有节点的节点 。
the flu virus is usually spread in the small droplets of saliva coughed or sneezed into the atmosphere by an infected person .	流感病毒通常在沙利瓦咳嗽或被感染的大气中传播 。
the xml encryption specification lists a number of required and optional cryptographic algorithms including	xml加密规范列表了许多要求和选择晶体图形算法的数字 。
jinshun warns mingzhang not to break zhenghong and jiahui up or he would divulge mingzhang's true identity .	金山警告明明翰不会破坏郑州和嘉州 , 或者他会分散明华真实的身份 。
he seemed studiously to seek out all the tender spots in her consciousness so as to inflict on her the cruellest wounds possible .	他似乎很有意识地寻找她的意识上的所有十分点 , 因此 , 因此 , 在她最危险的伤害中 , 最可能 。
research indicated cellular automata modeling technology is one simple effective method to study the dynamic problem of traffic flow .	研究表明 , 细胞自动化建模技术是研究交通流动力学问题的一种简单的方法 。
foreigners can apply for chinese driving license using their respective country's drivers license . the information on the same is as shown below .	外国人可以使用他们的尊重国家的司机许可证 , 同样的信息是如下所示 。
the processing of the nonstaple cereals include the processing of oat , buck wheat and barley as well as the preparation of barley malt .	非apaplecealceal的处理包括oat、buckw麦和barley的处理 , 并制备了barley的制备 。
the chemical industries special ltd . was a successful example that government and merchants cooperated under the special ltd .	化工业有限公司是一项成功的例子 , 政府和商人在特殊有限公司合作的合作 。
the wave induced seabed liquefaction is a main attributor to forming of the submarine physiognomy in huanghe river delta .	黄河三角形成物理生理学的主要属性是黄河三角洲地区的海拔液化液化作用的主要属性 。
the algorithm and the learning rule of the neuron adaptive pid controller for pulp consistency control system are described in this paper .	本文介绍了pulp连续控制系统的神经元自适应pulp控制器的学习规律和学习规律 。
turnofthecentury elocutionists taught their students how to gesture to communicate specific emotions or messages .	十五世纪的地球学家们以他们的学生如何将特定的情感或消息传播到特定的情感 。
conductivities measured at room temperatures must be corrected if they are to be used for rocks at depths greater than about 1000m .	必须在室温度测量的产量必须正确 , 如果他们在深度上使用火箭 , 要比1000毫米 。
ceramiclined compound copper tube is used in tube mould having excellent service effects and decreasing the production cost of tube blank .	陶瓷线性化合铜管在管内具有良好的服务效果 , 减少管坯的生产成本 。
the " he runs , the nobody smiled ...... " yan sen moment turns the facial statement of face for the cordial style form .	" 他运行了 , 没有人笑... " 燕妮感时刻转向了正确的风格形式的面部声明 。
some strong seedlings in the first four to five leaves and smoke after the second take ear , born in the removal of the ear was spent .	第四至五叶之后 , 有些强度的种子在第一四个叶子和烟雾之后 , 出生于耳朵的出生 。
this paper presents the development of a new power coil , which is to address the problem of power supply for online monitoring system in high voltage side of transmission lines .	本文介绍了一种新型电力燃烧器的发展 , 提出了在线监控系统中的电力监控系统问题 。
the retail space in kingkey financial centre in caiwuwei , luohu district , will be launched for prelease shortly .	本公司的零售空间在北京 , 路湖区 , 将迅速推出 。
on december 15 , i reached an omnibus budget agreement with congress , the last major legislative victory of my eight years .	15年12月15日 , 我到达了一次与国会的预算协议 , 最后一个主要的立法胜利 。
it has all the benefits related to loosely coupled architecture , such as code reusability , and it also limits the testing effort required .	所有的利益都有相关联合式建筑 , 如代码重用性 , 并且还限制了测试努力 。
like a person swinging a tennis racket in her right hand , the decay of cobalt 60 has an intrinsic handedness that is reversed by a mirror .	就像一个人在她手中打开一场火箭 , 盖布尔60年的衰退已经被镜子转换了一个内在的手机 。
just as in previous seasons there seems to be no real link between the midfield and the attack , and the need for a new trequartista is glaring .	正如在前赛季 , 中场和攻击之间没有真正的联系 , 并且需要一个新的频率塔的需要 。
joshua was grateful for god's help . he knew that the israelites would have to fight many battles before they could live happily in their new homeland .	约翰拉对上帝的帮助 , 他知道 , 伊斯兰人必须在他们家里生活过很多战斗 。
facebook’s ad sales team is now led by carolyn everson , who replaced longtime vp of global sales mike murphy .	facebook的广告销售团队现在由卡罗利·埃德隆取代了全球销售的长期vp 。
at last , we give a example of this model , and analyse some influencing factors of the price of a ratecapped swap with bermudan swaption .	最后 , 我们给出了这个模型的例子 , 并分析了一些对比率的价格的影响因素 。
stars and planets form within swirling clouds of dust and gas that visible light cannot penetrate , but which infrared radiation can .	星球和星球形状在可见光不能穿透透透透镜内的尘埃和气体形成 , 但是红外辐射能 。
but as mr . sandman cautions , an impressively documented process only has the appearance of control , thus having only the feel of mitigating risk .	但是如果沙曼先生 , 一个印象的文档过程只有控制的过程 , 所以只有限制风险的感觉 。
her life was often regarded as a fairytale and her legendary marriage to baseball great joe dimaggio was the hallmark of this perception .	她的生命经常被认为是一个公平和她的传统婚姻 , 为baseball大学的传统婚姻是这个概念的哈马克 。
through invoking mathematic library and hybrid programming , the numerical results derived on deepcomp 6800 are satisfactory .	通过引入数学图书馆和混合编程 , 提出了深入6800的数学结果 。
at present , the aids " four frees and one care " policy in tianjin full implementation of the national aids in lowprevalence state .	目前 , 艾滋病 " 四自由和一项 " 天津全国艾滋病实施 " 的政策 。
stay positive . don't whine and complain . it gives people a negative impression about your outlook on life and makes people think you are 'grumpy' .	保持积极 , 不要干净和抱怨 , 它给人们关于你的生命的负面印象 , 让人们认为你是 " 贪污 " 。
make a list of things you always wanted to do but couldn't because you were raising your kids . maybe it's writing or learning the piano .	让你的孩子们一直想做的事情 , 但是不会因为你们正在提高你的孩子 , 也许是写或学习钢琴 。
dubai's al wasl club is expected to make a formal announcement on signing diego maradona as its coach for the next 2 years .	迪拜的alisl俱乐部预计将在接下来2年签署迪戈·马达纳作为其教练的正式宣布 。
the guessing problem is troubling because two test takers with same knowledge can end up with different scores or two people with different knowledge levels can end up with same scores .	猜测问题是因为两个测试采取者可以结束不同的科学或两个不同的知识水平 , 可以结束同样的科学 。
while most of us head for shelter when we hear a huge storm coming , one daredevil photographer has made it his job to get as close as he can .	当我们大多数人在听到一个巨大的暴雨来时 , 大多数人都担心自己的工作 , 就像他能接近 。
i’ll finish this guest post by 11:59pm on august 31 . i know this , because if i don’t , i’ll lose $1 , 000 .	我将在8月31:59pm上完成这名客人邮件 , 我知道 , 因为如果我不会失去1 , 000美元 。
the games lost popularity , however , largely due to the growth of cheating and were abolished by emperor theodosius i in 394 ad .	然而 , 比赛失去了人口 , 大多数是因为欺骗的生长 , 由于我在394年被雇主的奥运会 。
the analyzing of the dragon image can make people feel interested , because dragon is an image that has a close relation with traditional chinese culture .	分析龙图像的分析 , 可以使人们感到兴趣 , 因为龙是一个与传统中国文化密切相关的图像 。
it’s is the age old battle ; good versus evil , arrogance versus humility , handsome versus , well not so handsome .	这是古老的战斗 ; 良好的邪恶 , 愤怒的浪漫浪漫的浪漫 , 手掌版本 , 还不如此 。
in europa are similar suitable locations for elf transmitters , to be found in areas covered by the baltic and the caledonian shields .	在欧洲 , 同样适用于自动传输器的地方 , 发现在巴勒斯和加利亚产量的地方 。
the sun was shining gloriously , so karen and the old lady went along the footpath through the corn , where it was rather dusty .	太阳很漂亮 , 所以卡伦和老人穿过玉米的脚路走过了 , 哪里还是很少的尘埃 。
in addition to paying for fuel and wearandtear on a fleet vehicle , the plumbing shop needs to cover the time spent traveling to my home .	除了支付燃油和穿戴在一辆飞行车上 , 装货店需要覆盖时间的旅行到我的家里 。
in places where fragile governments cannot assist us and health infrastructure is nonexistent , fighting the poliovirus is costly .	在那里 , 脆弱的政府不能帮助我们和健康基础设施是非存在的 , 战斗警察病毒成本 。
he spoke as pickup trucks loaded with fighters headed to the front and the thud of mortar shells was heard at twominute intervals .	他在两分钟间听到的时候 , 就像采取卡车 , 跟前面和摩托壳的udud听到了两分钟的间隔 。
" when i first saw al pacino in the film , i , for the first time in my life , thought that i wanted to be like another person , " he recalled .	" 当我第一次看到巴西诺在电影中 , 我第一次在我的生命中 , 我认为我想成为另一个人 , " 他回忆道 。
tarim basin is a huge superposed basin composed of paleozoic cratonic basin and mesocenozoic foreland basin .	塔里姆盆地是一个大量的超级盆地 , 是由太平洋裂纹盆地组成的大盆地 , 内陆盆地 。
background: clusterin has many biological functions , especially the great protection effects on histiocytes in pathological conditions .	背景:集群有许多生物学功能 , 尤其是对病理条件的抗抗抗抗抗抗抗抗抗保护作用 。
chatting on line , students can express their feelings and opinions more freely , and even get help with their foreign language studies .	在线上 , 学生可以表达自己的感觉 , 甚至更自由地表达自己的感觉 , 甚至有助于外国语学习 。
the second argument is that , even if it never came to war , taiwanwould still be an obstacle to better sinoamerican relations .	第二个论点是 , 即使它从未来到战争 , 太湾仍然是更好的中美关系的障碍 。
the problem is , i have never worked in an office setting and i'm not sure how to go about learning etiquette , how to speak appropriately , etc .	问题是 , 我从来没有在办公室设置上工作 , 我不确定如何学习平等 , 如何适当地讲话 , 等等 。
secondly , it proves the academic feasibility of wrh by establishing mathematical model and using the method of comparative analysis .	其次 , 利用数学模型建立了wrh的学术可行性 , 并利用比较分析方法 , 证明了wrh的学术可行性 。
how to become hostages escape , agent after school also pay special attention to training " spy " and " videotape likes agent .	如何成为学校的主持逃跑 , 同时也注意培训 " 精神 " 和 " 视频tape类似代理 。
in this paper , a company formed through a mcgs one to more than mode of remote monitoring network for monitoring the work of the satellite transmitter .	本文通过mcgs的mcgs形成了一个远程监控网络的遥控网络 , 以监控卫星传输器的工作 。
mr . garcía fumes . he would like to see the bankers he considers responsible for the country’s problems taxed and prosecuted .	他想看到银行家负责国际问题的责任 , 为了税收和购买的问题而负责银行家 。
romans8:32 he who did not spare his own son , but gave him up for us all how will he not also , along with him , graciously give us all things ?	罗马斯8:32岁 , 他没有自己的儿子 , 但给他带来了他怎样 , 和他一起 , 和他一起 , 让我们全部事情吗 ?
in practical terms , the west bank has been increasingly separated from east jerusalem , which is still the most populous palestinian city .	在实际情况下 , 西部银行已经从东岸分离了 , 仍然是最受欢迎的巴勒斯坦城市 。
and catch my second software raid article , in which we'll take a look at some more advanced software raid functionality and raid1 .	我第二篇软件raidraidraidraid文章 , 在我们将采取更多先进的软件雷达功能和raid1 。
daily a voice would sound in his head , and his mind's voice would respond with an answer , while he labored at his endless task .	每天一声音会在他的头上听到声音 , 他的脑子的声音会回应答答答答 , 同时他在他的无穷的任务中发出了回答 。
the present petroleum exploration has trended from structural reservoirs to lithologic and stratigraphic reservoirs .	目前的石油勘探已经从结构储层转化到岩石和地理储层 。
for example , the meridian pertaining to the kidney is named the kidney meridian , and the rest may be deduced by analogy .	举例来说 , 默迪亚保持到肾脏被称为 " 肾炎 " , 并且剩余的恢复可能被异性产生 。
outside of beaujolais this variety hasn't been very successful but it is cultivated in the loire valley and california .	除了北京的外 , 这种不同的品种并没有成功 , 但是它在伦敦谷和加利福尼亚文化 。
david took the philistine's head and brought it to jerusalem , and he put the philistine's weapons in his own tent .	戴维德拿了哲学的头 , 把它带到耶路撒冷 , 他把哲学家的武器放在自己的帐篷里 。
the algorithm satisfies the needs of the new character nc machining technique that generates the tool path by the character skeleton .	算法满足了新的字符码制造技术的需要 , 由字符键盘创建工具路径生成工具路径 。
if such sale was effected without cent by the trustor , and the trusteetrader made up the deficiency on its own , it is binding on the trustor .	如果这样的销售是没有错误的中心 , 那么信任者对其自己的缺陷 , 它正在绑定在车上 。
although data is sent synchronously , the protocol provides for resending messages lost during network transmission .	尽管数据是同步发送的 , 但是在网络传输过程中 , 协议提供了依赖消息丢失 。
when the temperature condition is favourable but soil water content is low , the development process is prolonged , and the survival rate is decreased .	当温度条件优良时 , 土壤含水量较低 , 开发过程逐渐增长 , 生存率降低 。
the physiological state of a vessel is the state of loading physiological pressure in vivo and the zerostress state in vitro .	船舶的物理状态是维维夫和零应力状态的状态 , 是载载物理压力的状态 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowd was busy at handshaking .	随着葡萄酒 , 容易混合 , 笑着面包的笑容 , 脸上都忙在手上 。
to the extent that state subsidies are cut and privatisation increases , more work often devolves on people who must do that work without pay .	为了证明 , 州的郊区是切削和隐私增加 , 更多的工作往往往往会在没有付款的人上 , 更加努力 。
come back ? " the gold xiao xiao suddenly asks a , the tone is cold , but takes the idea of forcing for several pence . "	回来吗 ? " 黄金小夏突然问一下 , 尼斯是寒冷的 , 但采取几个照片的想法 。 "
clearly determined to look his best , the well turnedout mammal spent a long time carefully checking the rest of his fur for any dirt .	清楚地决定看他最好的 , 很好的转移了一个长期的时候 , 仔细检查他的剩余的时间 。
modern paintings were impressed by the variety of painting and performance of the various kinds of methods in chinese painting found in the selfexpression .	现代绘画是由各种绘画和性能在中国绘画中发现的各种方法的印象 , 表现出现代绘画的绘画和表现 。
last week , the government published online information and leaflets aimed at persuading pregnant women to have the vaccine .	上周 , 政府在网上发布了网上信息和叶片 , 目的是说明预先妇女对疫苗有疫苗 。
what legal obligations do aggregators of foaf information have under the dataprotection law in the jurisdiction under which they operate ?	法律责任是否在那些操作的数据保护法律下 , 法律对foaf信息的侵略者进行调查 ?
we spread the blankets inside , and ate our dinner there . soon it got dark and began to rain . the wind blew hard , too .	我们在那里 , 吃了我们的晚餐 , 很快就开始了黑暗 , 开始了 , 风吹的硬 , 还有 。
most analysis for rock slope stability have dealt with singlefaced slopes with a planar surface of a constant strike .	大部分分析了岩石坡稳定稳定性的分析 , 采用单片平面的平面表面处理了一定的稳定性 。
the oxfordeducated bachelor was sworn in during an ancient buddhist ritual in a palace overlooking the thimphu valley .	奥克福德教育馆在古老的佛教仪里被瑞典在一个宫殿上 , 穿过了刺激阀门 。
the program also introduced occasional mutationsand randomness , on the off chance that one of them might produce an accidentalgenius .	这个项目还介绍了偶尔突变随机 , 在其中一个可能产生一个正常原始的机会 。
stirfried noodle:put it in boiling water until the hard core is vanished , then stirfrying with meat pieces or eggs .	搅拌的鼻子:将它输入水 , 直到硬核心 , 然后用肉或蛋搅拌 。
the atime is the last access time of a file , and each time a file is accessed , the underlying file system must record this timestamp .	目标是文件的最后访问时间 , 每次访问文件的文件系统 , 必须记录这个时间 。
meanwhile , high temperature zones reduced gradually until fire extinguishments along with the vaporization of water mists .	同时 , 高温区逐渐降低 , 直到火焰灭火 , 随着水量的变化 。
while this type of unauthorized computer intrusion is clearly against the law , the fight against ratting is a challenge .	虽然这种类型的无权计算机的侵袭是明显反对法律的 , 反对战斗的战斗是一个挑战 。
the higher the proportion of stateowned shares , the fewer the financing bounds , the smaller the influence of the cash flow on investment .	国有股份的比例更高 , 一些投资界 , 现金流量的影响较小 , 现金流量的影响较小 。
" i propose that we undertake a joint review of nato's and russia's common threats and challenges , " he said .	他说: " 我建议我们在南约和俄罗斯共同威胁和挑战中获得联合评论 。 "
after hydrolytic lactalbumin was added into media , the vitrified seedlings reduced , but the contamination rate was always very high .	经过水解实验室乳腺素加入媒体后 , 经纤维种子减少 , 但污染率总是非常高 。
these hydrolysates yielded the meaty flavoring necessary to make these rapidcooking soups , meaty and so enticing .	这些氢化合物对这些快速烹饪汤、肉类、肉类等特性产生了肉类的需求 。
recommended dishes include hakka style brewed bean curd , steamed egg with shrimp , and shrimp dumpling .	建议的菜肴包括哈基亚风格的菜肴 , 烤鸡蛋 , 炒鸡蛋 , 炒炒 。
frequency downshift and upshift of microwaves reflected by laserinduced plasma were detected in the experiments .	通过激光诱导的血浆检测了微波的频率下降和转移 。
rubbish collectors are following behind the procession picking up discarded bottles , bound to be making a big fortune today .	rubish收藏器在过程中被捕捉到的瓶子后面 , 围绕着今天的大规模 。
please accept my sincerely congratulations on your success . i hope letters reporting greater success arrive thick and fast !	请接受自由的祝贺 , 我希望信给更大的成功和快 !
in beijing, up to 150 police were posted along roads around the zhongnanhai leadership compound in beijing last night .	在北京 , 到150名警察沿着周南海领导的路上沿着北京 。
yes , that's a memorable scene in one of my favorite movies , called gorillas in the mist , based on a true story of mrs .	是的 , 这是我最喜欢的电影中的一个记忆屏幕之一 , 叫goriririllas , 基于一个真正的故事 。
this equipment is extensive to used for food processing plant , food warehouse etc . unit tidies up to go to miscellaneous .	本设备广泛应用于食品处理厂、食品仓库等 。 单位组织去误解 。
founded in1540 , campeche was frequently sacked by buccaneers in the17th century . population , 128 , 434 .	创建于1540年 , 摄像机通常被buccaneser在17世纪 , 人口128 , 434 。
the implementation and application of the technology have accumulated experiences for constructing oil and gas storages in other area in our country .	技术的实现和应用已经积累了在我国建筑油气和气体储存的经验 。
chapter four analyzes the characteristics of university faculty assessment mechanism in jiangsu since the new century .	第四章从新世纪以来 , 对江苏大学教育评估机制的特点进行了分析 。
the other names of this dog are chinese pug , dutch bulldog , dutch mastiff , mini mastiff and its country of origin is china .	这个狗的其他名字是中国的pugg , 荷兰·布鲁格 , 荷兰大夫 , 迈尼·马蒂夫和它的国家是中国 。
a new singlecore and doublewinding magnetic field sensor prepared from cobased amorphous ribbon was studied .	研究了一种新型单核和双翼磁场传感器 , 制备了基于基于形态的磁场传感器 。
let’s admit it—the economy in america is still terrible and it is incredibly difficult to find a job nowadays .	让我们承认 , 美国经济仍然是不错的 , 难以找到一份工作的工作 。
ltg cross flow quench airconditioning and its control method were introduced . some modifying opinions on the existing problems were put forward .	介绍了ltg跨流量空调控制方法及其控制方法 , 提出了现有问题改进的一些改进意见 。
the research objects of this thesis are underachievers in junior high school . the research starts by studying underachievers'psychological problems .	本论文的研究对象在高中 , 通过研究对象 , 探讨了本论文的研究对象 。
objective:to investigate the relationship of " dysfunction of the spleen in transport " with gastrointestinal enterocrine cells .	目的:探讨 " 肠肠肠癌细胞 " 血肠肠肠肠肠肠肠癌细胞的 " 动态功能 " 的关系 。
some consumers buy organically grown foods because they believe the products are healthier , tastier and better for the environment .	一些消费者购买有机增长食物 , 因为他们相信产品是健康、味道和更好的环境 。
in this work the dynamic response of an fpso to slamming loads in extreme waves was studied by experimental method .	在此基础上 , 研究了一种fpso的动态响应 , 通过实验方法研究了极端波载荷的动态响应 。
worldwide data losses now represent us$40 billion in losses to affected companies and individuals each year , dewalt says .	迪瓦斯说 , 目前 , 世界大量数据损失了40亿美元的损失 , 每年都会影响企业和个人 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowed was busy at handshaking .	随着葡萄酒 , 容易混合 , 笑着笑容 , 笑着笑着 , 哭泣就忙在手上 。
the different population structures of abies yuanbaoshanensis in different associations reflected the process of succession of community .	在不同协会的不同人口结构中 , 反映了社会成功过程的过程 。
as it is appeared in the log , that getname method signature is not matching to the wsdl or application servergenerated mapping xml .	正如它出现在登录中 , gename方法签名不匹配wsdl或应用程序服务器生成映射xml 。
the application data section contains the actual data sent from one program to another , and its content and structure are defined by the applications that use it .	应用程序数据部分包含实际数据发送到另一个程序中 , 其内容和结构是由使用它的应用程序定义的 。
east region and nka controlled pw% very well and keep it within year target and also achieve or over 100% ytd gs target !	东部地区和银行控制了pw% , 保持今年的目标 , 还能达到100%的yttgd目标 !
we need to be mind and body becoming one if the mind can be into the inside of a cell and can penetrate the membrane of a cell intentionally .	我们需要是心灵和身体成为一个心灵 , 如果心里可以成为细胞内部的内部 , 可以把细胞的膜分泌成一个细胞的内部 。
brucellosis in sera of 710 samples of milk goats was detected by the application of spa elisa in comparison with sat and cft .	通过对比sa和cft的比较 , 测定了710例牛奶肉类样本中的应用程序 。
the effect of inkwash in oriental paintings , and its use of lines for spatial delineation are augmented in this work to gain new philosophy .	阐述了墨水在东方绘画中的作用 , 并提出了空间描述的使用线 , 在此工作中 , 获得新的哲学 。
they may point down to your shoe and say , “your shoelace is untied . ” if you believe them and look down to see , you are an april fool then .	他们可能会指向你的鞋子 , 说: " 你们的鞋子没有 。 " 如果你相信他们 , 看看看 , 你是一个四月的傻瓜 。
she compulsively or inadvertently places herself at the apex of triangulated relationships and fails to see the pain she causes in the process .	她抱怨或不停地把自己放在三角关系的索引下 , 并不能看到她在过程中所造成的痛苦 。
conclusion: the main activity of phospholipids on phospholipids complex is to promote the absorption of the cell .	结论:磷磷酸的主要活性是促进细胞吸收的吸收活性 。
cognition software engineering is a subject of application and theory , which needs both high technology and lots of experience from jobs .	认识软件工程是应用和理论的一个主题 , 需要高科技和很多经验 。
confidence and arrogance is little different , but there are worlds apart . in particular , i hope i can instead of selfsufficiency .	信心和愤怒很少 , 但是 , 特别有世界 , 特别是 , 我希望我能与自我效益相比 。
this year the weak economic has admission's officer's nervous that some families may not be able to paid for colleges as planed .	今年弱的经济已经承诺了一些家庭的神经性 , 某些家庭可能不能为大学提供资金 。
the officers open the trunk of their patrol car and pull out what looks like a toy model aircraft with four rotors and a video camera .	官员打开他们的汽车的链接 , 并将其看起来像四个轮机和视频摄像机一样的玩具飞机 。
cherubic and deceptively guileless , she used " humour as a dodge , intimacy as a smoke screen " , ms salomon notes .	她用 " 幽默 " 作为一条吸烟屏幕 , 令人惊讶的是 , 她用 " 幽默 " , 作为一条吸烟屏幕 " , 萨洛蒙通知 。
the miser overheard this . he rushed out and shouted angrily at the servant , " who gave you permission to make promises for me ? "	这个错误听到了 , 他在仆人身上发出了愤怒 , " 谁给你承诺让我承诺吗 ? "
dee , sam , ellie linda and ian have promised , if necessary , to carry me on board the balloon . i cannot miss this .	死亡 , 萨姆 , 艾莉莉·林德和安娜承诺 , 如果必要的话 , 把我放在巴伦敦 , 我不能错过这个 。
" if sex is something quite different from love , as you seem to say , then is there any necessity at all to do anything about sex ? " asked the young man .	" 如果性感很不同 , 就像你似乎说 , 那么 , 所有的事情都有任何必要 ? " 问年轻人 。
i made clear to her how laughable would have been the waywardness of english spelling but for the tragic compulsion we were under to cram it for our examinations .	我清楚她如何笑容 , 英语语语语言语言语言的路径 , 但对于我们的悲剧抱怨 , 我们正在考试 。
check out what your daughter is reading or watching and discuss it with her . encourage her to talk about and question what she's seen or heard .	检查你的女儿正在阅读或观看 , 并讨论她 。 鼓励她谈论和问她的事情 , 或者听到的事情 。
follow the documents work as per national filing regulations and shanghai regulations , to classify , rank and identify documents .	遵循文件 , 作为每个国家文件监管和上海调控 , 分类、排名和识别文件 。
often impulsive , occasionally overeager , danny had to learn to be patient before he could become skilled in the ways of the long con .	常常常受到冲击 , 偶尔的是 , 丹尼已经学到病人在长矛的路上 , 就会成为病人 。
the tense man sitting in the pilot's seat swung the plane into the wind and soon they were in the air , though flying erratically .	十个人坐在皮洛特的座位上 , 飞到风中 , 很快他们在空中 , 尽管飞行一般 。
for long time china paid attention mainly to small leaf tea and neglected the large leaf ones , the tea output and export have decreased day by day .	长期以来 , 中国的注意主要是小叶茶 , 忽略了大叶叶 , 茶叶输出和出口日益减少 。
in the long long night of endless , much like they have a sweet dream , even if the moment of quiet sleep , but can not do , which is insomnia .	在长夜里 , 比如他们有甜蜜的梦想 , 即使是安静睡眠的时候 , 但不能做 , 这也不能做 。
" all this is leading to a lot of bitterness , " said sheikh manzoor ahmed , editor of an indian urdu news agency .	" 所有这些都是导致很多债务 , " 沈克·曼奇说 , " 印度urduuuu的报告机构的编辑 。
bachelor degree in biochemistry , biology , medicine , or related science with minimum of 5 years of related experience .	在生化学、生物学、医学、医学、医学或相关科学中 , 5年的相关经验 。
conclusion:the method is a little damage , bleeding . it is a safe and handy method during thyroidectomy for manifest thyroid .	结论:该方法是一种小损伤 , 床床 , 是一种安全、手术方法 , 在甲状腺切除术期间 , 是一种安全的方法 。
they may also reside on the world wide web , which is the mediarich component of the international communication network known as the internet .	他们也许还可以在世界广泛的网络上 , 这是国际通信网络的媒体组成部分 。
the implementing of transmission line nonsetting protection based on twoterminal information and singleterminal information are included in the paper .	介绍了基于两个终端信息和单边终端信息的传输线非传输线性保护的实现 。
he lives a simple and fragul life . he is indifferent to money and lust . he always missed dining time because of his work .	他住了一个简单的和脆弱的生活 , 他很喜欢赚钱和幸运 , 他总是因为自己的工作而丧失了时间 。
last year , san francisco's board of governors passed a local law banning the use of the chemical in children's products .	去年 , 旧金山sco的董事会经过一个当地法律禁止在儿童化学产品中的应用 。
therefore , luo yin is a late tang not allow to neglect writer , its poem obvious region has by the tang to song transition trace .	因此 , luoyin是一个晚唐 , 不允许忽略作家 , 它的诗歌传播的区域已被唐为歌曲传播 。
chelsea was reminded of our roots on monday when sue mears , the great granddaughter of the club's founder paid us a visit .	切尔西正在周一提醒我们的根 , 当苏格尔西的时候 , 俱乐部的创始人为我们提供了一个访问 。
but see , this is just exactly what's wrong with the whole system the nursing home doctors unload this gomer on us because they're unable to treat him...	但是看 , 这只是与整个系统的护理医生负担的错误 , 因为他们不能处理他...
objective to evaluate the rodenticide control efficacy of diphacinena salt for a test field and bromadiolone for b test field in camping area .	目的探讨一种测试领域的湿性控制效果 , 探讨了在校园区b测试领域的气候性控制效果 。
the greater the wind , for the first time this year , wrapped up in the wind to hear the mournful whistle , dry leaves a crowded fall .	今年第一次 , 为了今年第一次 , 把风吹起来听到了莫伦的巨大的风 , 干燥了一滴挤落 。
hughes promised to continue to build the “shared connections” that bring together people who want to live in peace and freedom .	胡格斯承诺继续建立 " 破碎连接 " 的连接 "  , 带来了一起的人们 , 和平和自由 。
for china , at this time , the national revolution was going on among warlords . the actions of imperialism in china were no longer unfettered .	对于中国 , 在此时 , 国家革命将在战争中 , 中国的帝国主义行动不再受到感染 。
today , i have slept for 14 hours . i thought i was very tired . it was time for dinner . i must go ! i am very hungry .	今天 , 我已经缓慢了14个小时 , 我想我很累 , 是时候晚餐 , 我必须去了 ! 我很饿 !
a leading statesman and presidential aspirant , clay's political intuition earned him the nickname " the great compromiser . "	一个领先的州长和总统 , 克莱伊的政治态度使他赢得了nickname " 伟大的编译者 " 。
witch : i know what do you want to do , you're a silly girl . however , my dear , i can help you so that your dream can come true .	智慧:我知道你想做的是什么 , 你是个沉默的女孩 , 但是我亲爱的 , 我可以帮助你这样的梦想能真实 。
thirdly , treatment of spoken and written examples of the most common words is obviously unbalanced in ldoce3 .	第三 , 第三 , 关于最常见的词的处理 , 很明显不平衡在ldoce3中 。
whenever i took the 7 train from flushing , i was always trying to interpret the chinese characters on the newspaper people reading beside me .	每当我收到了7个训练时 , 我总是试图解释报纸上的中国字符在我身边阅读的中国字符 。
while the worst of the price drops appear to be over , home values nationwide are expected to show tiny gains if any throughout 2010 .	虽然最糟糕的价格下跌似乎已经超过 , 但是在2010年全国的价格下跌时 , 房价价价值也预计在2010年以来显示更小的收益 。
if wordofmouth proves effective , american express could engage in viral marketing campaigns designed to create " buzz " .	如果字母futh证明 , 美国表达可以在维尔兰市场营销营销营销营销营销运动中创建 " buzz " 。
lionel messi is " playing a kickabout with jesus " but must not make the wrong choices , diego maradona said today .	丹尼尔梅西是 " 与耶稣 " 的玩家 " , 但是不要让错误选择 , 迪戈·马达纳说 , 今天 。
if you want to change the name of a samba server to something other than the unix name of the server , use the netbios name parameter .	如果您想要改变sama服务器名称的名称 , 比服务器的unix名称的unix名称 , 使用网络生物名称参数 。
the new ipod nano , starting at $149 , comes with an fm receiver and pedometer in addition to the builtin video camera .	新的ipodnano , 开始149美元 , 来自fm接收器和pometeter添加到建立视频摄像机 。
but swedish newspapers have suggested that the birds had been pecking at salt on the road when they were run over by a passing lorry .	但是瑞典报纸提示 , 当他们经过耶和华的时候 , 这些鸟在路上被偷偷偷了 。
to measure any physiological differences , researchers euthanized certain individuals from each group to study their brain tissues .	为了测量任何物理差异 , 研究人员从每个群体中获得一定的个体分布 , 以研究他们的脑组织 。
the english language was first written in the anglosaxon futhorc runic alphabet , in use from the 5th century .	英语语言首先在《新罗克·福克》第一次写作 , 在5世纪使用时 , 使用英语语语语言 。
and we have a shared obligation to ensure that the federal courts have enough judges to hear those cases and deliver timely rulings .	我们有一个共享的义务 , 确保联邦法院足够的法官听到这些案件和交付时间的规定 。
the visitors' center and the museum provide information about the history of the culture of the ancient pueblo people and about presentday indians .	参观者中心和博物馆提供了关于古代普罗人民文化的历史 , 以及今天印度的历史 。
its emperor dances to the tune of a halfvandal general , its powerless senators idle on vast , poorlymanaged estates .	它的皇帝舞蹈在一半的一般 , 它的无力参议员在大量 , 贫困的管理估计上尽量 。
the total mk and type 4 mk levels in both central veins and peripheral arteries rose significantly during cpb .	总mk和类型4mk水平均在中心的脉冲和周边的脉冲中 , 在cpb期间 , 均有显著升高 。
it is a very special pleasure for me to have this occasion to publicly express my deep admiration and appreciation for grigori perelman .	对于我来说 , 这是一个非常特别的愉快 , 让我公开表达我的深刻的承诺和欣赏 。
other helpful steps include asking for help from others , using humor , learning to be assertive , and practicing problem solving and time management .	其他有助的步骤包括帮助别人的帮助 , 使用幽默、学习 , 以及实用的问题解决和时间管理 。
" this bill misses the mark because it unavoidably leads to higher energy costs for businesses and consumers , " says harman .	哈曼说: " 这个数字错误是因为它不可能导致更高的能源成本为业务和消费者提供更高的能源成本 。 "
see <wasce_home>/var/directory/server . xml for the configuration properties used by the directory server .	通过目录服务器使用的配置属性来看到<waceshome>/vvar/目录/服务器 。
try it out next time you need to drive your car . cover your left nostril with your thumb and breathe only through your right nostril for one minute .	尝试下次的时间 , 您需要将你的车盖上 , 用你的胸部和胸部 , 只能通过你的右侧结构进行右侧结构 。
the accident taught them two lessons , they say . no matter how safe the ship , the most mundane human error can sink it .	事故提醒他们两个课程 , 他们说 , 无论如何安全船舶 , 最多的人类错误都会被抓住 。
the report a month ago was that second quarter growth was even slower than sharply revised forecasts , coming in at only 2 . 4% .	这个月前的报告是 , 第二季的增长比上涨的预测更慢 , 只有2.4% 。
customer value need will appear netlike in the future and companies should play the role as both agent and integrator of customer value...	客户价值需要出现未来和公司的网络 , 应当作为客户价值的代理和集成者的角色 。
a cup or plate that , according to medieval legend , was used by jesus at the last supper and that later became the object of many .	据媒体传说 , 一个杯子或板子 , 由耶稣在最后的供应商使用 , 后来成为许多对象 。
in the end , i send them out with a long shopping list , set the timer on my phone to go off in ten minutes and drag colin upstairs .	最后 , 我将他们送出了一个长期的购物列表 , 设置在电话上去10分钟 , 然后把它放出来 。
anyway , offyear in ah , wish the family is in this year , we can health more happiness of life together is good , not too right , all right .	无论如此 , 在阿哈 , 希望家人在今年 , 我们可以健康生活的幸福更加幸福 , 不错 , 所有的权利 。
mr aliev told msnbc: " we really can hide objects . . . . we can switch for a short moment and make it disappear .	艾丽夫先生告诉msnbc: " 我们真的可以隐藏对象 。 我们可以开关短时间 , 并使它失望 。
one of the unique characters in the implementation of russian ecology law is that russian ecosocial groups play a major role .	俄罗斯生态法实现独特的特征之一是俄罗斯生态集团在实现俄罗斯生态集团的作用 。
the data was statistically analyzed using frequencies , means , reliability , and gap theory with spss 15 . 0 and excel 2003 .	利用频率、可靠性、可靠性、可靠性等数据统计分析了数据的统计分析数据 , 并在2003年sps15.0和扩展 。
singer celine dion is suing a us supermarket tabloid for $20m over a report which claimed she was pregnant with twins .	歌手cecedon正在为美国超市报告提供20亿美元的报告 , 宣称她与twins预测的怀孕 。
and he would not move until he was sure his men were ready . mcclellan's plan was to put his army on boats in the potomac river .	直到他确定他的男人已经准备好了 , 麦克莱恩的计划是把他的军队放在池塘河上 。
for power distributing , a power scaling plan has been given for this specific a/d converter , achieving good tradeoff between power , area and performance .	对于电力分布 , 给出了一种特定的/d转换器 , 实现了电力、区域和性能优良的贸易方案 。
in music teaching , case teaching can be infiltrated into theory teaching and combined with the practice of music class teaching .	在音乐教学中 , 实例教学可以将理论教学与音乐课程教学结合起来 。
this is why the ireland coffee cup is more heatproof than general glass cup , and have the linear reason in color in two golds .	这是为什么爱尔兰咖啡杯比普通玻璃杯更加热 , 两个金色有线性原因 。
these sweeteners are considered safe in moderation so talk with your health care provider about how much nonnutritive sweetener is acceptable during pregnancy .	这些游客被考虑到的安全 , 所以与您的健康保健提供者谈论如何在妊娠期间有多少的营养游泳器 。
results:it could prevent iatrogenic tumorcell spreading and local seeding through the nontumor technique cooperation at operation strictly .	结果:对非肿瘤技术的非肿瘤技术合作 , 可防止血管肿瘤肿瘤瘤肿瘤细胞扩播和局部种子 。
the paper presented a plan of twodimensional servo four color pattern identification , and its boundary treatment techniques , wh .	本文提出了两维伺服四色模式识别的计划 , 以及其边界处理技术 , 为什么 。
a joint sourcechannel decoding scheme implemented by simultaneously decoding and updating parameters based on hmm is proposed .	提出了一种基于hmms的同时解决方案 , 并提出了一种基于hmms的加入源代理方案 。
several activators were investigated and evaluated to substitute uop's activator act1 used in benfield process for co2 removal .	研究了几个活动驱动器 , 并对美国的活动驱动器在北菲尔德进程中的应用进行了评价 。
so far as " badila " planted in summer was concerned , the number of effective stem and yield were not markedly related to the sowing norm .	目前 " 巴迪拉 " 计划在夏季 , 很多有效的蒸汽和产量不明显相关的污水规划 。
like " romance of three kingdoms " in the liu bei , the original selling straw sandals , but later to organize the uprising conquer .	就像 " 三国王 " 的浪漫 , 原来卖trawssssssalssssalssssssalsssalsals , 但是后来组织上述要求 。
chaban electronics ltd is a foreign buyer from israel , need to purchase products of telecommunications etc . categories .	查巴an电子有限公司是一家以色列购买商 , 需要购买电子通信等产品 。
we have overcompensated for the lack of customer focus in traditional methodologies—by giving control of prioritization to the product owner/manager .	对于传统的方法学来说 , 我们已经完成了很多关注的客户重点在传统的方法学中 , 为产品主体/管理器提供了优先的控制 。
when both pieces were finished , arachne saw , to her surprise , that she had been beaten , for the goddess ' design was infinitely superior .	当两个拍摄完成时 , 阿拉尼看到她的惊讶时 , 她已经被认为 , 因为上帝的设计是不错的 。
the silts dredged from ocean , lake and river always have different clay contents which lead to different strength of solidified silts .	由海洋、湖和河总是有不同的粘土内容 , 导致不同的粘土强度不同 。
provincial health department as requested in the provincewide establish and improve maternal and child aids prevention and control system block .	省卫生部要求在省内建立和改善矩形和儿童援助预防和控制系统的基础上 , 建立了省外卫生部的省卫生部门 。
professional: a member of national pest control association of america and china mouse and sanitary pest damage prevention and control association .	专业人员:美国和中国母亲和卫生损害预防和控制协会的一名国家prepage控制委员会员会 。
'juhuanao' and 'nanjing yeju' are potential parents in chrysanthemum breeding for small inflorescences .	《朱华南亚》和《日本昨日的父母在克里桑州的小流感证据中有潜在的父母 。
in some cases the salesclerks had just sold the students a pair of shoes — in which they might well have a genuine smile of satisfaction .	在某些情况下 , 销售商只卖了一对鞋子的孩子 , 他们可能有很好的真正的笑容 。
the main work and achievements are listed as follows:1 ) selfturnoff pulsewidth modulation for oled grayscale controlling .	主要工作和成果是以下:1 ) 自燃脉冲脉冲模块为原始的灰色控制 。
made the supplementation , incorporation , modification and necessary deletion of the tabular forms for technical document of construction completion .	给出了补充、建筑完成的技术文档 , 修改和必要的解决方案 。
" the only one with the power to unify the party that has grown hugely is ozawa , " said democratic party lawmaker akihisa nagashima .	" 唯一的权力是奥扎瓦 , " 民主党党党法律师阿加马说 。
that is , 30hour chunks of data which require a search of a spindown parameter as well as sky position . but nothing is set in stone .	这是 , 30小时的数据 , 需要搜索速度参数的搜索 , 以及天空位置 , 但是没有设置在石头上 。
it is unforecasted to know a series of consequences the greenhouse effects may bring about , but the socalled benefits are little to count .	因此 , 很难了解一系列结果 , 温室效应可能带来的一系列效果 , 但是所谓的利益很少 。
systemicfunctional linguistics and psycholinguistics are considered as two greatly influential linguistic theories in the twentieth century .	二十世纪 , 考虑了系统功能语言学和心理学 , 是二十世纪的两大影响语言学理论 。
lannes was speaking on saturday at a conference on luxury goods organized by the china europe international business school in shanghai .	上海 , 中国欧洲国际商业学院的一个会议上周六 , 兰尼斯在周六在上海举办了一个会议 。
and jesus , immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him , turned him about in the press , and said , who touched my clothes ?	耶稣 , 立即知道自己的虚拟已经离开了他 , 把他转向了他 , 说 , 谁又触摸了我的衣服呢 ?
" baitullah mehsud is now taking on the americans , " said talat masood , a retired pakistani general turned analyst .	" 巴利拉拉·梅西现在正在美国人 , " 天赋maood说 , 一个退休的巴基斯坦总体转向分析师 。
one of the principles of access to nutrients can not make zengpang food , prunes , raisins , and other worthy when this task .	为了获得营养的原则之一 , 无法制作零广食品 , 铁路 , 雨 , 以及其他值得的事情 。
" we just need to stress that to people who drink and drive can really cause a lot of heartaches for families and we need to stop that , " said woodridge .	" 我们只需要强调那些饮料和驱动的人们真正会造成很多家庭的心脏病 , 我们需要停止这种情况 。 "
speaking to reporters , mr . obama said he would devote new energy to diplomacy and other nonmilitary aspects of u . s . global power .	奥巴马先生说 , 奥巴马先生说 , 他将为外交和其他非电力的非电力提供新的能源 。
the inspiration to china is to pay attention to role of strategic oil reserve , to increase exploration input and pluralize the oil impo...	中国的激励是关注战略油储备的作用 , 增加探索输出和多个化石油进口的作用 。
it is characterized by extracapsular invasion , metastasis to the cervical lymph nodes or distant organs and histopathological atypia .	它是通过扩大的侵袭 , 转移到颈椎淋巴结节点或远端组织和神经病学异常 。
the frasnian is a critical time interval for understanding paleodiversity variation before the devonian frasnianfamennian mass extinction event .	弗兰尼亚是在德国弗朗尼亚大学的关键时间间隔之前 , 巴西人是解释巴勒多样性变化的重要时间 。
this paper first introduced the concept of the teacherstudent interaction and the basic characteristics of the interaction between teachers and students about to find out .	本文首先介绍了老师生互动的概念及教师与学生之间的相互作用的基本特点 , 探讨了教师与学生的相互作用 。
such cellar recognition events are common to cancer , allergy , viral infection , inflammation , and autoimmune disease .	这样的细胞识别事件通常是癌症、恶性感染、炎症和自动免疫病 。
canfield , c . ed . report of the lst international ecocity conference , urban ecology and cerro gordo town forum . 1990 .	加菲尔德 , c.ededed.1990年 , 伦敦生态学和crororodo城市论坛的报道 。
my parents and me begin to have breakfast in the " pudong " airport after we meet with leader of this journey . we take photo with all accompaniers .	我的父母和我开始在这次旅程之后 , 我们会遇到了 " 广东 " 机场机场 , 和所有的陪伴们一起照片 。
the index is a value between 0 and 100 , where 100 indicates a lightly loaded server , and 0 is a heavily loaded server .	指数是000和100之间的一个值 , 其中100指数显示了一个轻载的服务器 , 而0是一个重载的服务器 。
the effects of recasting on the cv were compared , through directly calculating the castability values of each generation of non ? precious ceramic alloy .	通过对电视的计算 , 通过直接计算每一代非电视的稳定性值 , 预测陶瓷合金的稳定性值 。
theoretical analysis and numerical result showed that bifuselage layout was in advantage of single one in view of structure .	理论分析和数值结果表明 , 单个结构的单个结构中 , 单个结构的单个结构 。
the natural tightly connection between chaos and fracture is due to the infinite similarities of strange attractor of chaotic dynamic system .	由于混沌动力学系统的陌生吸引引引引引力的陌生动力学系统的无限相似性 。
in addition , it still needs longer follow up to evaluate whether adjuvant chemotherapy can take the place of postoperative radiotherapy .	此外 , 仍然需要更长的跟随评估化疗能否能采取后辐射疗法的地方 。
castles and crown golden ...wood and hermit thrush , a type of " bird , " more " than " any program on the horizon retraining .	铸造和棕色金牌...wood和mitssh , 一种 " 鸟类 " 的类型 , " 比 " 任何项目的任何项目都要多 。
the company has importexport trade right , and can provide the overall solution of ship automation system and information system for users at home and abroad and corresponding product .	本公司具有重要的贸易权利 , 可提供船舶自动化系统和信息系统的全面解决方案 , 为国内外外外和相应的产品提供全面的解决方案 。
this same problem has been seen in the disputes where the propagation ministry of the central government would be made under the executive yuan jurisdiction .	同样的问题在于中央政府的传播部门 , 将在执行元旦法官的执行中央政府的传播部门 。
a great festival would be held , called the yuletide , and a special feast would be served around a fire burning with the yule log .	一个伟大的节日将举行 , 称为ulettide , 一个特殊的东西将在一座火烧烧火的火焰 。
this article is the first in a series that will take an updated look at wordnet 2 . 0 and how it can be used with xml and rdf technology .	本文是第一系列的第一篇文章 , 将采取更新的查询2.0 , 以及如何使用xml和rdf技术 。
and it was a welcome break for lakers fans , whose defending twotime champions stumbled into the weekend with three losses in a row .	这是湖人球迷们的欢迎 , 他的两次冠军在周末与三个损失的三个损失 。
or at least that's the case according to a majority of americans and britons polled in a new survey by language app babbel .	至少 , 根据大多数美国人和英国人民和英国人民的调查 , 至少这些情况是根据语言应用babel的一项新的调查 。
there are some who will try to pervert this precedent and use xenophobia or nativist arguments to say that every country should be held to the same standard .	有些人会试图把这个预言和使用xenophobia或者海军主义论坛来说 , 每个国家都应该在同样的标准上举行 。
for example , if a build suite of 8 , 000 automated test cases generates 600 failures , are you realistically able to handle this ?	例如 , 如果建立8 , 000个自动测试案例生成600个失败 , 实际上可以处理这个 ?
such collaborators could hardly claim a substantial share of the authorship but they would have welldefined tasks , not interfering with other men's work .	这样的合作伙伴们很难宣称 , 作者的很多股份 , 但是他们会有良好的任务 , 没有与其他男人的工作相互干扰 。
when liberty goes too far and the voice of social equality arises in the social reality , the system can and should tilts in favor of equality ;	当自由度太远 , 社会平等的声音在社会现实中得到的社会平等的声音 , 系统的能力和应该在相当的平等 ;
decanter also noted that china is already moët’s biggest market for its hennessy cognac , and that the champagne market on the mainland is growing each year .	决定人员还指出 , 中国已经为其健康的最大的市场 , 而且每年的大陆的冠军市场都在增长 。
the best of america's skaters beamed for the camera . mostly young , they laughed and giggled , their eyes dancing with excitement .	美国的天空最好的是摄像机 , 大多数年轻的年轻人笑着 , 他们的眼睛和兴奋 。
it became ever more elaborate and expensive during the postwar boom when big companies ruled the roost and when international competition was muted .	当大型企业运行了罗罗斯特和国际竞争时 , 已经成为了更多的创造和昂贵 。
strangely , since then the world’s banks and news organisations have not rushed to rummage through dustmen’s economic forecasts .	然而 , 自从世界银行和新闻组织并未经过荷兰经济预测的损失 , 随后 , 自从世界银行和新闻组织并未经过错误 。
as with divisions , there are many user initiated events , such as when a user clicks or double clicks within a tag's display space .	随着分配 , 有许多用户创建的事件 , 如当用户单击或双击在标签显示空间中显示的时候 , 例如用户单击或双击 。
because cheapy chinese goods are more profitable for the major retailers to handle , they have tended to overemphasize these lower priced items in their promotions .	由于廉价中国的货品更适合于主要零售商处理 , 他们倾向于超过这些低价的购买项目 。
entry to the official stand and stand of honour is therefore controlled at designated pel events by accreditation and tickets jointly and not separately .	因此 , 通过接收和票票加入 , 进入了霍诺尔的官方站点和站点 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 由此 , 被分别控制 。
infectious agents present in stools of infected persons are transmitted to uninfected persons through contaminated food or water that is ingested by mouth .	感染剂在感染者的存储中 , 通过污染的食物或水来传播人员 。
jr: we have not looked in detail to any other platform yet , but we are sure there are more platforms , applications and sites vulnerable to the same attack .	杰:我们没有详细细地看到其他平台 , 但是我们确定有更多的平台、应用程序和网站可以同样的攻击 。
main problems in the reform of the state owned enterprises lie in the sluggishness of the reform of banking system and in the stagnancy of the development of securities market .	国有企业改革的主要问题在银行制度改革的改革中 , 以及在证券市场的稳定性 。
it is the neocivilization view that the core is seeking common ground while reserving differences , peaceful coexistence , codevelopment .	这是核心正在寻找普遍的地面 , 而储备差异 , 和平相关性 , 代码开发 。
music and literature have the characteristic of an exchange in function either in the respect of the choice of the theme or in the forming of artistic structure .	音乐和文献具有一个交换功能的特点 , 无论是在主题的选择或在艺术结构的形式上 , 还有音乐和文献特征 。
this article proposes the risk recognition featurefactor modeling technology , which is set up on the basis of checklist and flow chart .	本文提出了风险识别技术的风险识别技术 , 建立了检查和流程图的基础 。
fasteners at locations connecting panelstostiles shall utilize throughbolted , stainless steel , pinin head torx sex bolt fasteners .	位置上 , 连接板体化器必须通过嵌入、无锈钢、无锈钢、钢筋、钢筋、钢筋、钢筋、钢筋、钢筋、钢筋等 。
in the teaching of probability and statistics , the parameters estimation of linear regression is given by the method of the extremum of function .	在概率和统计学教学中 , 给出了线性回归的参数估计线性回归的参数估计方法 。
petty revenges are causing too many deaths of innocents . the culprits are blinded by hatred , they don't think about the consequences .	宠物收入太多 , 无辜死亡的死亡 , 文化被伤害 , 它们不认为结果 。
during wei and jin dynasties , the activities of chinese and foreign buddhist limited to the point and the line , lacking of largescale spread .	在魏晋时期 , 中国和外国佛教的活动有限于点和线路 , 缺乏大规模的传播 。
the sheet of water is healthy , it comes from heaven in the first place and next from the earth ; the sheet of air is unhealthy , it comes from the sewer .	水面是健康的 , 它来自第一个地方和下一个地方 , 空气的表面是不健康的 , 它来自于海底 。
the razor spam filter provides a serverbased service where you can report spam so that other more users can benefit from your identifying the email as spam .	razorspam滤波器提供了基于服务器的服务 , 所以您可以报告spams , 这样其他用户可以从您的识别电子邮件中获益 。
i personally don’t enjoy wearing music because i enjoy running , but it is hard for me to be confident because i have only done a 5 mile race .	我个人不喜欢穿着音乐 , 因为我喜欢跑步 , 但是我很难为我确信 , 因为我只做了5英里的比赛 。
the internet was not a popular hunting ground except in portugal , where about half the surveyed men and women opted to find people online .	互联网没有一个流行的猎物地 , 除了葡萄牙外 , 大约有一半的调查男人和女人在线找到了人们 。
this paper explores the characteristics of translation clause in the domains of space , possession and property from the perspective of conceptual frame .	本文从概念框架的角度探讨了翻译clas的特点 , 并从概念框架的角度探讨了翻译clas的特点 。
ripe and polished , a supple red with raspberry and chocolate flavors , finishing with plum and spice , lingering effortlessly .	刚果和粉碎 , 用橡胶和巧克力粉制成的红色 , 充满了许多和喷雾 , 无法努力 。
you may feel frustrated with the seemingly slow progress you're making in life . remember that god is never in a hurry , but he is always on time .	你可能会感到沮丧 , 看起来很慢的进步 , 记得上帝永远不在匆匆忙 , 但是他总是在时间 。
for most of us , and especially those of us who have long lists of people who expect us to be back in touch with them , we need “kaizen” programs of our own .	对于大多数人来说 , 尤其是那些拥有长期的人 , 希望我们在触摸他们 , 我们需要 " 公民 " 计划 。
since the letizia scandal , berlusconi has also been fending off accusations of cavorting with escorts who were paid to attend his parties .	自从信徒丑闻之后 , 伯卢斯康也曾经经经经经经经经与科特的指责 , 为了参加他的党参加 。
not only had sophie witnessed the fullblown ritual , but her own grandfather had been the celebrant... the grand master of the priory of sion .	不仅仅是太平静了整个流动的年度 , 但是她自己的祖父一直是庆典的......大师的价格 。
though the holt strategy was smart and johnson was willing to fight it out as old versus new , there were two problems with holts approach .	尽管霍尔斯战略很聪明 , 约翰逊愿意为旧版本新战略 , 还有两个问题 。
no to mention cutting off from internet game , even my most hardworking and boring friends , they were complaining and had been trying to log in their msn .	不要从互联网游戏中提到 , 甚至我最艰难的朋友 , 他们正在抱怨 , 试图在他们的msn中登录 。
the flame normalizing treatments were put forward on steel rail with flash welding , gas pressure welding and aluminium heat welding .	提出了火焰正常化处理方法 , 用火焰焊接、气压焊接和铝热焊接法对钢铁进行钢铁焊接 , 提出了火焰压力处理方法 。
however , before he could finish the feet , another man finished and grabbed the jar from him , saying , " who has ever seen a snake with feet ? "	然而 , 在他能完成脚前 , 另一个人完成了他 , 说: " 谁曾经看到过一只蛇吗 ? "
of a decidedly philosophical bent , it does best in areas where planning , theorizing , reorganization and preparation play a primary role .	决定的哲学博士 , 最好在规划、理论、恢复和制备的地方 , 是一个主要的角色 。
we end up in an endless cycle of spending and debt and working more and more , and end up with lives filled with goods but empty of meaning and happiness .	我们结束在花费和债务的无结束周期 , 还有更多的工作 , 终于与货物满足 , 但意味着和幸福 。
additionally , websphere everyplace access provides a solution for the occasionallyconnected portal user through access to offline portlets .	另外 , websphere每个平台访问提供一个解决方案 , 通过访问的端口用户通过访问来提供一个解决方案 。
there are several hundred english verbs that can introduce a reporting clause and a classification of them is made by logical and semantic criteria .	有几百个英语版本 , 可以介绍一份报告声明和分类的报告 , 并由逻辑和语义批评制作了分类 。
dr white looked at the records of 8 , 000 people dating back to the 1970s who had all had their iq measured at the ages of five and ten .	白色博士在1970年代的记录中 , 8 , 000名人在1970年代被测量的iq时代 。
to have any hope of success , olpc recognizes it needs to get away from the goitalone model that characterized the manufacture of the xo machine .	为了有任何希望 , 老普克认识到它需要从xo机器的目标模型中获得目标的模型 , 特征了xo机器的制造 。
you must bind a view to this control before you can edit the view . doubleclick the view control to select an existing view or create a new one .	在您可以编辑视图 , 双击视图控制 , 选择一个存在的视图或创建一个新的视图 。
dwdm technology has been widely used in longdistance communications , but its high system cost has greatly limited its application into metro area networks .	dwdm技术已广泛应用于长期的通信中 , 但是它的高系统成本很大限制了它的应用程序 。
you can implement this solution in the memorybased object cache and by sharing objects on certain servers across the whole cluster .	您可以在内存对象库中实现这个解决方案 , 并通过在整个集群中分享对象 。
in a lan using a bus topology , a segment is a continuous electrical circuit that is often connected to other such segments with repeaters .	在一个灯具中 , 一个部分是一个连续的电路 , 常常常与其他部分相连的其他部分相连接的连接 。
one of the senior sisters of , maiev shadowsong , had already shown her competence in guarding illidan before he was brought to trial .	一个高级姐妹之一 , 马里夫·影斯坚持 , 已经显示了她的竞争 , 在他被带来试验之前 , 他已经出现了她的竞争 。
when obama was a candidate for president in 2008 , he promised to " take [china] to the mat " on the issues of trade and currency .	当奥巴马是2008年总统的候选人 , 他承诺 " 芝纳 " 交易和货币问题的问题时候 , 奥巴马是一名候选人 。
with increase of one of the perturbation frequencies , the number of the spectral regions and its variation will be different for different dispersion regimes .	随着渗透频率的增加 , 光谱地区的数量和其变化的变化会不同的分散状态 。
do your best every time you pick up your instrument or open your mouth–it’s all about building on good habits and communicating with your peeps .	每次你每次拿到你的仪器或打开你的嘴巴 , 都是在好习惯上建立的所有关于好习惯和沟通 。
goaldirected action is a basic trait of biology , which is also an important standard for identifying whether the entity is alive .	目标直接的行动是生物学的基本特征 , 也是识别实体是否有重要标准的重要标准 。
" our interest is that things go back where they were before after olympics , " vuylsteke says . " otherwise this will have an impact on business plans . "	" 我们的兴趣是 , 他们在奥运会之前回到他们的地方 , " vuuylsteke说 , " 否则这将对商业计划有影响 。
the xi'an quality and technical supervision bureau coined an english name for the burger in order to further promote the food .	西安的质量和技术监督局为了进一步促进食物的英语名字 , 为了进一步促进食物 。
the british council's global campaign to raise awareness about climate change and the energy challenges facing the world's cities .	英国委员会的全球运动 , 提高气候变化和能源挑战面临世界的城市 。
google's technology requires a little forethought from the merchant , but seems simple and safe in its execution .	google的技术要求从商人中想到的一点足够的想法 , 但是似乎简单和安全 。
the steel frames resist lateral loads applied in the short direction while diagonal bracing stabilizes the building longitudinally .	钢框架在短方向上应用于短方向上 , 同时 , 纵向结构稳定了建筑物的建筑 。
exhibited in the historical exhibition zone on the eastern side are mostly objects illustrating the glorious progress of china's railway ;	在东侧的历史展览区 , 大多数是对中国铁路的绿色进展 , 阐述了中国铁路的绿色进展 ;
hope this piece of information is of importance to your health in relation to eating instant noodles and please apply this cooking method with immediate effect .	希望这样的信息是对您的健康健康有重要意义 , 请将这种方法应用于直接效果 。
but in the process of the industrialization management of rivercrab seedling growth industry , there are certain problems need to solve quickly .	然而在农业化工业化管理的过程中 , 农业生长产业管理的过程中 , 有些问题需要快速解决 。
this paper analysed the main reasons that influence the performance of cyclinder head , valve and valve seat in internal combustion engine .	本文分析了影响循环式头、阀门、阀门和阀门内燃烧引擎的主要原因 。
the volunteers were informed that the alt key was faulty , and that if it was pressed the computer would crash and all the experimental data would be lost .	志愿者们发现 , 如果它压缩了电脑的压缩 , 所有的实验数据都会失去 。
the loss of performance is mainly caused by the cutoff plug , the roundtosquare thruster chamber and the opened base of plug .	主要是由cutofff插件引起的损失 , 旋转stosqurethtosqurethrosquer和开放的基地 。
for he pant isocracy ruled by america , u . s . makes great efforts to increase the " exporting democracy " strategy .	对于他承认 , 美国 , 美国的职业是很大的努力 , 提高 " 出口民主 " 战略 。
and america's catholic bishops only last week announced they were finally going to get serious about opposing the death penalty .	上周 , 美国的真正的希望只有上周宣布他们最终会很严重地反对死亡刑 。
liliane la fleur: directing a movie is a very overrated job , we all know it . you just have to say yes or no . what else do you do ? nothing .	丽丽丽安·拉夫:直接一部电影 , 我们都知道 , 你只是说的 , 还是没有什么呢 ?
the object of this thesis is to study the uniqueness problems of meromorphic functions and meromorphic mappings in several complex variables .	本文的目的是研究了多种复杂的复杂变量的独特性问题和记忆映射的独特性问题 。
hemodynamically stable supraventricular arrhythmias may be treated conservatively with observation and discontinuation of digoxin .	血动力稳定的血液动力稳定 , 同时可与糖尿素的观察和分离相关 。
khaki tote bags and metallic suede clutch bags appeal to you , since you want your accessories to be as eclectic as you are .	哈基告诉巴格和金属成功的袋子 , 因为你想要你的配件 , 就像你那样是电子 。
you must add the plugins for websphere application server community edition by clicking the link labeled don't see your server listed ?	您必须添加websphere应用程序服务器服务器服务器社区编辑的插件 ?
catalytic activity of six inorganic salts in the esterification of acetic acid with isoamyl alcohol was studied .	研究了六种有机盐的催化活性 。
objective to investigate the therapeutic outcomes of anemia by means of invigorating the kidney , reinforcing spleen and generating blood .	目的通过调查肾脏、增强脾气和生成血液的治疗方法 , 探讨肾炎的临床应用价值 。
the adjoint variable method for design sensitivity analysis of multibody system dynamics based on ordinary differential equations is presented .	提出了基于普通不同方程的多体系统动力学的设计敏感性分析方法 。
a scanner of holes in cgi is implemented in multithread technology . its scan speed is very quick and holes are easily extended .	在多线程技术实现了一个孔隙的扫描器 , 其扫描速度很快 , 孔隙很容易扩展 。
the overtly sexual nature of the body compels the viewer into the position of voyeur , only to reveal itself as an inanimate object .	身体的全性性性性性质比较了voyur的位置 , 只有揭示自己作为一个移民对象 。
acording to the point of views of principle of equivalence theory , the translated brand names should achieve a perfect linguistic u...	关于等价理论的原则观点 , 翻译品牌名称应该实现完美的语言学u 。
if the output stream was stdout , and if it was not redirected to a file or a pipe , the selected pages will appear on the screen .	如果输出流程是稳定的 , 如果它没有直接到文件或管道 , 选择的页面将出现屏幕上 。
probe configurations for circumferential , longitudinal and mid wall defects . also for thickness verification and couplant monitoring .	针对圆柱、纵向和中壁缺陷的概念配置 , 也为厚度验证和合作监测提供了依据 。
without opel , gm’s promises to build a fleet of smaller and more fuelefficient cars in north america would lack conviction .	没有选举 , gm的承诺在北美建立一个小型和更多的不足的汽车 , 将缺乏争议 。
ab process is used in zibo city wastewater treatment plant to treat municipal wastewater in which more than 80 percent is industrial wastewater .	国内废水处理厂在zibo市废水处理厂中使用 , 处理多达80%的多个工业废水处理厂 。
agrees equally well with red meat dishes , blue fish and harder cheeses , and as a dessert , especially with chocolate cake .	同意 , 红肉菜 , 蓝鱼和硬酪 , 作为沙漠 , 尤其是巧克力蛋糕 。
this comprehensive resource includes an international panel of contributors who are leading academics and practitioners in the field .	这个综合资源包括一个国际支持者的贡献者 , 他们是领先的学术和实践人员 。
he drank deep from the vapors that welled from the font , learning to blend his spirit with the potency that flowed from far beneath the house ;	他干燥的深处 , 学习自己的精神 , 把自己的精神从房子里流出来 , 学习自己的精神 。
the review of the nation’s nuclear policy is the first since 2001 and the third since the end of the cold war two decades ago .	自2001年以来 , 国家核政策的评论是自2001年以来第一次的第三次 , 自从冷战结束以来第三次 。
the individuals involved in this campaign are not only scientifically uninformed , but show absolutely no interest in becoming better informed .	个人涉及在这场竞选中不仅是科学上不仅是科学的 , 但却显示出绝对没有兴趣 。
the selfdeveloped light oil reforming catalyst has well performed in hydrogen production and has substituted the import ones completely at home .	自我开发的轻油改造催化剂在氢化生产中具有良好的性能 , 完全在家里完全取代了进口人物 。
i'm sure everyone here joins me in wishing you two , sessyoumaru and kikyou , the very best that life has to offer you in your marriage .	我确定每个人都在这里加入我 , 希望两个 , 塞缪和库基u , 最好的生活必须在你的婚姻中提供你 。
it can be distributed on several client machines and is able to simulate thousands of virtual users concurrently in various scenarios .	它可以分布在几个客户机上 , 并且能够模拟数千个虚拟用户的虚拟用户在各种场景中 。
the vibrated fluidized bed has been used widely in the chemical industry , metallurgy and food industry for drying particle material .	在化学工业、冶金和食品工业中广泛应用于化学工业、冶金和食品行业 。
because we've recognized this trend early , we can redistribute our resources to sharpen our focus on criticalpath activities .	因为我们已经认识到这个趋势 , 我们可以抵御我们的资源来刺激我们的关键路径活动的焦点 。
live life in a constant state of awareness , with peaceful thoughts , a dash of forcefulness , and a good measure of faith and spirituality .	生活在一定的意识状态中 , 和平的思想 , 充满力量 , 以及信仰和精神的良好措施 。
objective to analyze the clinical characteristics and to appraise the diagnostic criteria and surgical methods of glossopharyngeal neuralgia .	目的探讨临床特征及评价全球性神经病的诊断方法及手术方法 。
most cases were in obvious regional assembled distribution , the cases in northern towns accounted for 78 . 51% of total cases .	大多数病例都有明显的区域组合分布 , 北方城市的病例占总体的78.51% 。
the householders celebrate it jointly suspending all their business , agricultural and commercial activities for the time being .	房子们庆祝他们的业务、农业和商业活动 , 共同支持所有的业务、支持所有的业务、农业和商业活动 。
with continuous product upgrades , implementation of multifiber blended idea , cotton spinning enterprises growing fiber to create value .	随着连续的产品升级 , 多纤维混合的思想实现 , 棉纺纺织企业增长纤维 , 创造价值 。
overall , 53 per cent of the french people believe mr sarkozy makes " a good president " , compared to 41 per cent in may .	整体来说 , 53%的法国人相信 , 萨科兹先生 " 好总统 " , 比5月41% , 比41% 。
resourcehouse said it would supply 30m tons of coal a year to the chinese company , at a price of about $3b a year , starting from about 2014 .	资源家表示 , 将在2014年到中国公司的一家煤炭供应30毫吨 , 在一家大约3亿美元的价格开始了大约3亿美元 。
this personal development strategy and tips section offers great suggestions on how to change your behaviour , learn new skills and change personality traits .	这个个人开发策略和组织提供了如何改变你的行为、学习新技能和变化个性的建议 。
resizes a data handle based on the data structure of an argument that you pass to the cin . this function does not set the array dimension field .	根据cin的数据结构的数据结构 , 重新将数据处理到cin中 , 这个函数并没有设置参数字段 。
amazon web services , which rents computing capacity in its giant data centres to customers , has also won a reputation for being cheap .	amazonweb服务 , 它在其巨大的数据中心提供了计算能力 , 同时也赢得了一个廉价的代码 。
the pro version obviously offers more features than the free version and frostwire claims to be the free version of limewire pro .	程序版本显然提供了比自由版本和frostwire称是自由版本的自由版本更多的特点 。
furthermore , kdd cup99 data set is implemented to evaluate the proposed method . the results show the outstanding performance of the proposed method .	此外 , 实现了kddup9数据集的实现 , 实现了该方法的最佳性能 , 结果表明了该方法的优化性能 。
kristin was one of those vivacious teens who loved jesus and lived for him—and whose sudden death leaves us with a million questions .	克里斯汀是爱耶稣的一个受害者之一 , 为他活下来 , 突然死亡让我们留下了数百万的问题 。
it is enough to make us feel good . after outsourcing work and torture . after the marriage agencies are now outsourcing even our love life , daily .	尽管让我们感觉很好 , 经过资源工作和农业 , 在婚姻机构之后 , 即使我们的爱生活 , 日常 。
also last year , the financial times acquired moneymedia , an online provider of news for fund managers that charges a subscription fee .	去年 , 金融时间收购了金融媒体 , 网上供应商在线的网上提供了一个订阅费用的基金经理 。
you might start waking up earlier to get used to your new schedule or plan a trip to the new museum exhibit you've been hoping to catch .	你可能开始等待早些时候使用你的新教育或计划去新博物馆展览 , 您已经希望捕捉 。
ms min q crane , do you really want to marry jennifer ? crane people answer jennifer will be the saviour of our thai jiang group .	你真的想结婚詹妮弗 ? 杰尼弗人回答杰尼弗 , 是我们的天津集团的安全活动 。
than shwe is expected to meet with president hu jintao , premier wen jiabao and other senior chinese officials during his fiveday visit .	谢希望与胡锦涛总统胡锦涛、温家宝及其它高级官员在周五访问期间会见 。
ym: when i was young , i watched a lot of hakim olajuwon play , charles barkley , of course michael jordan .	嗨:当我是年轻时 , 我看了很多哈基姆·奥拉杰逊玩耍 , 查理巴克莱克利 , 当然 , 当然迈克尔·杰丹 。
this is how one leaves behind fear based thoughtform and integrates the unity based thoughtform associated with the language of light .	这是如何基于恐惧的思想形式和集成了基于思想的单元的思想形式与光的语言相关的联系 。
perfectly eatable fruit and vegetable crops often fail to reach supermarkets due to their size or physical appearance .	完美的食品果实和蔬菜作物经常不会达到超市 , 因为它们的尺寸或物理出现的超市 。
the project will utilize the powerbuoy technology ocean power technologies which consists of modular , oceangoing buoys .	项目将利用该项目 , 由模块、海洋电源技术组成 , 由于模块、海洋电源技术 。
the theory of cooperative learning which is applied in english reading class in high school can change the traditional teachercentered teaching type .	高中英语阅读课程的合作学习理论 , 可以改变传统的教学类型 。
additionally , the stamp was released in 1980 , a particularly lucky 'golden monkey' year that only occurs once every 60 years .	另外 , 在1980年被释放 , 特别是幸运的 " 猴子 " 年 , 只有60年才发生了一次 。
however , if the list is twodimensional , then you often want to " unpack " the contents of each nested list as it is iterated . you could do that like so	然而 , 如果列表是两维 , 那么你常常想要 " 不包 " 每个网络列表中的内容 , 就像它这样做的 。
this measure can not only ensure the safe and rapid withdrawal of powered support from the face , but also largely reduce the removal cost of the face .	这种措施不仅能保证电力支持的安全和快速 , 而且大量减少了面部的远程成本 。
first , procedures were completed in a highvolume hospital by experienced surgeons specializing in total joint arthroplasty .	首先 , 在高卷医院的医院中 , 通过经验的医院医院专业化 , 总部加入阿瑟伯伯伯尔的医院完成 。
for me , marketing works for society when the marketer and consumer are both aware of what's happening and are both satisfied with the ultimate outcome .	对于我来说 , 当市场者和消费者的时候 , 市场者和消费者都意识到发生的时候 , 都满足了最终收入 。
from the early days of popular use of the internet , the rallying cry was that cyberspace was the new frontier , subject to no law .	从早期的日子来看 , 网上使用的普遍使用 , 错误的哭泣是网络空间是新鲜的 , 主题没有法律 。
but this expiation did not satisfy two sainted women , madame courtin , marquise de boucs , and the comtesse de chateauvieux .	但是这次展览并没有满足两个饱和的女人 , 玛丽·德·波斯 , 并且comsstechateuviux 。
china also being a member of it , has made many basic laws plus separate law , administration laws and local laws and rules and so on .	中国还是一个成员 , 使许多基本法律和行政法律 , 管理法律和当地法律等 。
first , full disclosure: i'm not what you would call a heavy user of locationbased social networking services . i have no mayorships .	首先 , 全面的探讨:我不会叫做一个基于位置的社交网络服务的重量用户 。
an icelisa for detecting fumonisin b2 of maizena was developed by using the coating antigen of ovafb2 and competitive antigen of fb2 .	利用ovavafbb2和竞争抗原 , 研制了一种用于测量fb2的冰箱b2的冰箱 。
so learn your first word , " lekker " [le'ka] , adj . meaning " good/nice " for anythings from food to girls .	所以学习你的第一句话 , " 李克勒 " [le'''ka] , 意味着 " 好/nice " 的意思是从食物到女孩的任何东西 。
he is best known for his confrontational go no go project on migration in europe , for which he received the visa d'or and the care award .	他最好知道 , 他在欧洲的迁移项目没有在欧洲迁移项目 , 因为他收到了维萨的dor和护理奖 。
the result shows that the two processes had characters of good applicability for water quality during high algaeladen and good treatment efficiency , low cost as well .	结果表明 , 两种过程具有较好的适用性 , 在高的阿尔加纳和良好的处理效率 , 低成本 。
four patients with lung cancer had negative findings on 18ffdg coincidence images but showed positive serum markers .	肺癌患者的四个病人在18fdg合并图像上发现了负面的发现 , 但是显示了积极的血清标志 。
softtothetouch fabric and powerful compression meet chic design and thoughtful details for stylish shaping you'll want to wear every day .	软touch的织物和强大的压缩机设计和思想的细节 , 每天都要穿戴 。
and you’ll need to follow the rather formal dress code of the period no trainers , no jeans , and gents , wear a jacket and tie .	而且 , 你会需要跟随周期没有训练的正式服装代码 , 没有jans , 和gents , 穿一件夹克和轮胎 。
this should help your jobhunting prospects , for you will be able to get a side job if you need one or develop more business for your company , with better fees , too .	这应该帮助你的工作冲突前景 , 因为你可以获得一个面部工作 , 如果你需要一个或开发更多的业务 , 更好的费用 。
addin china's lack of male educators and the book has a strong argument: chinese boys are developing in a predominately female environment .	加入中国男教育家缺乏雄性教育者和书籍有着强烈的论点:中国男孩正在开发一个初期的女性环境 。
the algorithm is applied to the docking of several simple model molecules and the docking between the benzamidine and hiv 1 protease .	该算法应用于多个简单的模型分子和bezamamidine和hiv1蛋白之间的多个简单模式分子的攻击算法 。
one in five managers also said being kept awake at night meant they were more likely to make mistakes , the mori poll of 1 , 006 people revealed .	一位五名经理还说 , 晚上五名经理还会醒来 , 意味着他们更有可能做错误 , 母亲污染1 , 006人揭示 。
why , the doctor told me this morning that your chances for getting well real soon were let's see exactly what he said he said the chances were ten to one !	为什么 , 医生告诉我今天早上 , 你的机会很快就很快 , 让我们很快看到他所说的机会是十分 !
each call gets its own activation record , so each time it is called the variables get their own storage space within that activation record .	每次呼吁获得自己的活动记录 , 所以每次它都被称为变量存储空间内存储空间 。
on 13 june , donors pledged more than $4 billion to support the work of gavi , an amount that exceeded anyone’s wildest dreams .	在13年6月 , 捐赠者推出了超过4亿美元的支持加维的工作 , 超过任何人最聪明的梦想 。
businessman gary vaynerchuk used his knowledge of wine to create the successful wine library tv , a daily video blog show about wine .	商人加利瓦纳克用他的知识来创建成功的葡萄酒图书馆 , 每天的视频博客 。
once a week a man named gary , mr . calver 's cheeseturner , comes in and turns it to redistribute the moisture within .	一周一次 , 一名叫加利 , 卡尔维先生的化学家 , 来回来 , 并将它转化为在内部 。
but we would need space rockets using techonology from scifi series star trek to help us reach hospitable planets orbiting other stars .	但是 , 我们将需要空间岩石利用科学星系列星系的技术 , 以帮助我们达到可持久的星球轨道 。
" getting a credit card if you have bad credit is harder than it used to be , " says odysseas papadimitrou . " but they are still available .	" 如果你有坏信用的信用卡很难使用 , " odsseseseseaspapaulu说 , " 但是他们仍然是可用的 。
i love thee with testosterone receptors deep in my hypothalamus . i love thee with dopamine that floods my primitive lizard brain .	我喜欢与测试人员接收者深深处 , 我喜欢在我的假设中 , 我喜欢用dpamine , 洪水了我的原始的标志大脑 。
next time you take a pojo and slap on an annotation to turn it into an ejb , you can give a little thanks to the openejb team .	接下来 , 您将注意转换为ejb团队的注释 , 您可以给予一些感谢到openejb团队 。
people decide to become a vegetarian for many reasons . some common motivators include the environment , animal rights , and health .	人们决定成为许多原因 , 一些常见的动物包括环境、动物权利和健康 。
china’s coal mines certainly kill 2 , 0003 , 000 workers a year , and coalsmogged air there and elsewhere kills many more .	中国的煤矿分钟肯定杀死了2 , 0003万名工人 , 煤炭在那里 , 还有其他地方杀害了许多 。
the majority of research on memory is focused , as you might expect , on the remembering side of things how much , how accurate and so on .	记忆的大多数研究都焦点 , 因为你可能会预期 , 在记忆的侧面上 , 记住多少 , 如何准确和等 。
as routine displaces novelty , we may be tempted to shift our attention to someone new and taste again the thrill of romantic love .	正如路透小说一样 , 我们可能试图把我们的注意力转移到某些人 , 然后再次对浪漫爱的威胁 。
for example , it's common to set an alias , which expands to 'ls l' , for a long listing of a directory or list of files .	例如 , 通常设置aliasas , 扩展到l'l' , 对于一个目录或列表的目录或列表的长列表 。
“the biggest challenge is getting this unregulated and unorganized system under a single umbrella for providing universal access , ” says duggal .	" 最大的挑战是在单一的umella提供普遍访问 , " 杜格尔说 。
the diesel engine emissions aftertreatment has received a lot of attentions with increasingly stringent emission standards for diesel engines .	柴油发动机排放后 , 随着柴油发动机的增加 , 柴油发动机的增加而获得了很多关注 。
in this view of fat necrosis at high magnification , some lipidladen macrophages are seen between the necrotic adipose tissue cells .	在这种观点上 , 高磁化的脂肪神经网络中 , 一些脂肪腺癌的宏观图像在神经元细胞之间被看到 。
the main types of soil degradation were of poor nutrients , poor microorganism , bad structure , basification and heavy drought .	主要类型的土壤降解是贫困营养、贫穷的微生物、坏结构、基础和重量药物 。
method:through takes the ligamentum interspinalia and the intervertebral disc overhang in 56 surgery the pathology observations were analyzed .	方法:对56例手术中56例手术中椎间隔炎及椎间盘突出血管间隔炎的临床观察进行分析 。
u . s . secretary of state hillary clinton on saturday called the north's provocations and statements 'deeply regrettable . '	周六 , 美国国务卿希拉里·克林顿周六呼吁北方的协议和声明 " 深度重新认识 。
if you pay with debit card at certain shops you can take an additional sum from your account at no extra charge . this is often called " cashback " .	如果你在某些商店上付款债务卡 , 你可以从账户中获得额外的成功 , 这通常被称为 " 现金 " 。
pigeons scatter as a man walks home after offering prayers at a nearby temple at bashantapur durbar square in kathmandu .	作为一个人走过去 , 为了在韩国的一个附近的大城市大城市的一座祈祷者走到家里 。
seedorf then went into the book for a late challenge on martins . although the rossoneri continued to look the more dangerous side coming forward .	然后 , 塞多夫进入了马丁的一本晚期挑战 , 尽管罗斯·斯诺利继续看到更危险的侧面 。
the fitted line in the figure is a 3rddegree polynomial , but any sort of smoothing would tell you that there is a massive upward trend .	图中的配置线是一个3rddere聚合物 , 但是任何类似的光滑会告诉你 , 有大量的上升趋势 。
if a firm wants to place a bet on falling interest rates , for example , it can simply have its marketmaking unit build up its inventory of bonds .	例如 , 如果一家公司希望在下跌利率上放置更好的话 , 那么它可以简单地建立它的市场单元 。
from " big haven is an old strategy " angle , discussed become the value that makes strong fuzhou harbor greatly and necessity .	从 " 大号 " 是一个老战略 " 角度 , 讨论成为福州海岸的价值 , 大幅度和必要的价值 。
you acknowledge and agree that you can enjoy member benefits upon payment of the annual fee for membership and relevant facilities fee .	您承认 , 并同意 , 您可以享受每年费用的成员和相关设施费用的成员付款 。
about onethird of basketball shoes are actually purchased to play basketball in , according to industry analyst marshal cohen .	根据行业分析师马什尔·科尔说 , 大约三分之一的篮球鞋子是实际上购买篮球球篮球球球球球球球球球球球 。
mike hulme , a climate policy expert at the university of east anglia in norwich , uk , says that social effects are also unpredictable .	英国 , 英国北京东大学的气候政策专家mikehulme说 , 这个社会效果也不可预测 。
fangsheng bridge is the longest , largest and tallest stone bridge , with five openings both in zhujiajiao and in the shanghai region .	香港桥是最长的石桥 , 最大的石桥 , 拥有五个开放在上海地区和上海地区的开放 。
besides the difference that popularizes degree , definitive inadequacy also is to restrict pay treasure copyist people one big handicap .	除了流行化程度的差异之外 , 定义的adquacy也是检索支付额外的复制者一个大手 。
the new overhaul of financial regulation did nothing to address the companies , even though they played a central role in inflating the housing bubble .	金融调控的新哈哈哈哈尔 , 尽管他们玩了一个中央角色 , 即使是在影响房屋泡沫的中央作用 。
luis suarez has been charged by the fa following the onfield spat with patrice evra during united's 11 draw at anfield last month .	路易斯·苏雷斯在上个月 , 上个月 , 上午111日在安菲尔德拍摄过程中被查看 。
somehow our path took us toward the park , across the footbridge high above the rolling waters of the los angeles river . ( n . rigg .	某些时候 , 我们的路径将我们送到公园 , 围绕在洛杉矶河顶顶上高的地下桥上 , 上面的水上 。
the manchester united man missed euro 2004 after missing the test in september 2003 , and it is an episode that clearly still rankles with the player .	2004年9月 , 曼联人在2004年9月失去了欧元的测试之后 , 并且在2003年9月 , 显然是一个明显的情景 。
in the other part , the improvement of dissolubility of sulfadiazine and aspirin entericcoated tablet is studied with surfactant as modifier .	另一部分 , 研究了硫化乙烯和丙烯酸乙烯的溶解性 , 改性剂的改进剂 。
the effects of moca /e ratio and amount of the fillers on the physical properties and the heat air ageing of the pu elastomer were discussed .	讨论了moca/sca比和数量填充在物理性能和pu弹性的热量空气时代的影响 。
the calculated results show that the limit values of axial compression ratio of src columns are generally % higher than those of rc columns .	计算结果表明 , src柱的轴压缩比比对rc柱的有限值总比较高于rc柱的有限值 。
to organize the general administration sponsored fights against counterfeit and defective products and other illegal activities at origin ;	为了组织一般的行政支持对抗抗抗抗抗抗抗反抗和缺陷的产品和其他非法活动 ;
the result shows that the leopoldwolman relationship cannot discriminate channel patterns well when both gravel and sandbed rivers are considered .	实验结果表明 , 左右wolman关系不能分散通道模式 , 当同时 , 两者都被考虑到 。
examples of common devices that are poorly designed ergonomically include the snow shovel and the computer or typewriter keyboard .	例如 , 正常设计的普通设备 , 包括雪鞋和计算机或类型的键盘 。
from the current situation , the european development of civilparty government is likely to once again successfully break through the barrier .	从目前的情况下 , 民主党政府的发展可能会成功地破坏 。
the method adopts horse liver tissues as raw materials to prepare dry acetone powder of horse liver alcohol dehydrogenase ;	本方法采用马铃肝组织作为原料制备马铃薯粉的干燥剂 , 制备马铃薯粉 ;
a transparent conductive ito antireflection layer is generated on a top layer of the amorphous silicon thin film subbattery .	一种透明的防电层生成了一个顶层硅薄膜薄膜的顶层 。
most entrepreneurs are passionate about a particular market or technology , and putting a sales hat on does not come naturally to them . that is okay .	大多数企业都是关于特定市场或技术的专门市场或技术 , 并把销售帽子放在不自然来到他们的情况下 。
to be responsible for the guidance of local energy development plans , connecting the production development of local energy with the balance of supply and demand ;	为了负责当地能源开发计划的指导 , 连接当地能源的生产发展和需求的平衡 ;
knowledge and practice about iodine deficiency disorders among pregnant women , housewives , and pupils in changning district , shanghai ;	知识和实践 , 关于孕妇女、家庭、家庭、家庭和博物的不足障碍 , 上海 ;
methods 74 cases had changes in ambiens cisterna proved by ct scan , we analysed the changes and studied its correlation with prognosis .	方法对74例患者进行ct扫描证实 , 分析了ct扫描的变化 , 并对其与预后的相关性进行了研究 。
enter ${user_install_root}\etc\wssecurity\samples\encsender . jceks in the keystore path field .	进入${ususerinstallstaroot\security\samples\sampre\sender.jceks在keystore路径领域 。
objective to assess the application value of wholebody bone scintigraphy in diagnosis and staging of langerhans cell histiocytosis in infants .	目的评估全身骨骨骨科学的应用价值 , 并在婴儿的诊断和稳定性细胞组织中的应用价值 。
after a preshift meeting and an oath ceremony where the 10member squad of miners vow to ensure safety , he changes into his work overalls .	经过一次前期会议 , 奥拉斯·普雷蒙在那里 , 10米的军队队队队队队队队队队的队友们可以保证安全 , 他改变了他的工作 。
ollila said microsoft had not been the only option for nokia and noted many companies had showed their interest in cooperating with the finnish mobile phone maker .	奥利拉说 , 微软没有成为诺基亚的唯一选择 , 并注意许多公司在与完成的手机制造商合作的利益 。
what intrigues many astronomers , however , is the circumnuclear ring around the galaxy center visible just outside the central bar .	然而 , 很多天文学家们认为 , 是在中央栏外的环环环周围的环环周围的环境 。
in germplasm evaluation studies of pinellia ternate , the assaying methods of extractives and total alkaloid are established .	在德国广播评估研究中 , 建立了提取剂和总碱的方法 。
last month , a u . s . bankruptcy judge allowed lehman to pump cash into the two banks to avoid a seizure by regulators .	上个月 , 一名美国银行破产法官允许李曼将现金投入两个银行 , 以避免重新监管 。
methods analgesic effect of two different concentrations of cinobufagin injection was observed in mice by the hotplate test and writhing with acetic acid .	方法观察了两种不同浓度的不同浓度对小鼠的不同浓度的地质影响 , 用热解试验和作物作了评价 。
the fifth part it is the summary of the full text , the whole characteristic of the language has done the brief generalization to lien uzhuan .	第五部分是全文本的总结 , 语言的整体特征已经做出了简要的一般化 , 文章的简单化 。
przewalski's horse , which once roamed the steppes of mongolia , is thought to have become too dispersed in the wild to breed .	przzwalwalki的马 , 一旦旋转蒙古的步骤 , 思想在野生中太分散 。
therefore , the transformation of the pattern of international relations requires the united states and south korea to maintain and even strengthen the alliance .	因此 , 国际关系模式的变化需要美国和韩国和韩国 , 甚至加强合作 。
the ancient black cattle were displaced by the longhorns , and that these " were swept away by the short horns as if by some murderous pestilence . "	古老的黑猫被长大的猎物拆除 , 这些 " 被短的猎物放弃了 , 就像某些野兽一样 , 就像某种野兽一样 。 "
consider your online album as the equivalent of leaving the treasured family album on a public bench for every passerby to thumb through .	考虑你在线论坛 , 如留下的家庭债券 , 每个乘客都可以在公众的信号上 , 每个乘客都可以通过 。
with financial markets so volatile and companies “hunkering down” for a long slog through a recession , there are few indicators of what’s coming up .	随着金融市场如此激烈和公司 " 震撼 " 的 " 长期登录 " , 有几个指示者来到的东西 。
if you are following along and planning to take a break at this point , please stay around as you now have two jobs that are creating ever larger files in your file system .	如果你跟随下来 , 计划在这个点上采取一个破坏 , 请在您现在拥有两个工作 , 如今你已经在文件系统创建了更大的文件文件文件系统 。
we saw more rates of authoritarianism in nonwhite groups . i think the percentage of authoritarian households was highest in asianamericans .	我们在非白人群中看到更多的权威主义者 , 我认为当局家庭的比例是亚洲人最高 。
the moon is so far from the earth that even if huge trees were growing on a mountain , we could not see them through the most powerful telescopes which have yet been invented .	月亮远离地球 , 即使大树生长在山上 , 我们不能看到它们最有力的远镜 , 还有发明 。
imposing airportstyle passenger and bag checks in the metros and bus stops of major cities is impractical because it would bring ordinary life to a halt .	冲击机场风格的乘客和包检查在大城市的主要城市停止是实际的 , 因为它会带来普通生活 。
days later , they still in touch with the troops , fortunately , they killed a deer , can be difficult to rely on venison and spent a few days .	后来 , 他们仍然与军队一起触摸 , 幸运地 , 他们杀死了一名鹿 , 难以依赖安德森 , 花了几天 。
first , for the four major banks , the good bank/bad bank transactions should be mandatory ; the industry will stabilize only if the four work in tandem .	首先 , 为四家主要银行 , 银行/bad银行交易应该经营 , 行业只能稳定四个工作 。
at the same time i still wanted a dedicated keyboard so when i saw the s710 with its nifty slideout keyboard i knew it was the perfect fit .	同时 , 我仍然希望一个被描述的键盘 , 所以当我看到s710的时候 , 我知道它是完美的配置 。
if the book of job is one of the oldest books , there must have been a general knowledge of god , however limited , which led men to think often of him .	如果这本书是最古老的书之一 , 必须有一般知识的神 , 不过有限 , 那就导致人常常想到他 。
there is no other documented association between mercury and any human cancer , leukaemia , lymphoma or other malignant or premalignant disease .	没有其他的文档与任何人类癌症、淋巴瘤、淋巴瘤、淋巴瘤或其他恶性疾病之间有关 。
china has recently publicly supported sanctions against iran and imposed lesser restrictions on north korea for their nuclear activities .	中国近期公开支持伊朗 , 并在朝鲜核活动的北韩的限制更少 。
the game opens with fifi millicent performing a gig in an unnamed wartorn middle eastern country , in exchange for a $10m fee .	这个游戏开放了五百万美元的演员在中东战争中期举行了一个不错的中东国家 , 交换10亿美元的比赛 。
in late august , joey defrancesco fulfilled the fantasy of many a disgruntled worker: he quit in an incredibly outlandish fashion .	在8月末 , 乔伊·德里斯科完成了许多残疾的工人 , 他在一个难以置信的时尚中定位 。
porter puts forward the differentiation advantage and cost advantage according to surroundings and firm strategy by means of value chain .	港口提出了根据周围和企业战略的分化优势和成本优势 , 并提出了基于价值链的分化优势和成本优势 。
given that the capability of a filter to handle both request and forward was only introduced with j2ee 1 . 4 , older versions of j2ee require a different solution .	给出了一种滤波器的能力 , 只有j2ee1.4岁的j2ee版本 , j2ee的旧版本需要一个不同的解决方案 。
animal rights activist brigitte bardot wrote to the german minister calling on her not to give in to pressure to overturn the anuga ban .	动物权利主义brigigittebrigitittebot写给德国部长 , 她不要给她压力超过奥巴斯的压力 。
valencia fullback moretti and sevilla midfielder maresca are both on lazio president claudio lotito's shopping list for the summer market .	巴勒肯尼亚全球更多和西维拉中场马斯卡都是在拉兹奥总统奥洛蒂奥·罗蒂托的购物列表 。
however , under the twolevel financial control involving in both university and schools there are contradictions within laboratory administration and longterm development .	然而 , 在两个层面的金融控制中 , 两个大学和学校在实验室管理和长期发展中存在矛盾 。
it indicates that the sampen is more effective to extract the information attentionrelated in eeg to show the clinical application prospects in eeg biofeedback systems .	指出 , 试样更有效地提取信息注意力 , 以便在eeg生物反馈系统中显示临床应用前景 。
cole claims that mourinho has not addressed his players about what the future may hold , preferring instead to concentrate on the matter in hand winning matches .	科莱斯宣称 , 莫里没有对未来的球员来说明 , 更喜欢在手中获得比赛的比赛中集中 。
systemic experimental investigation and theoretic analysis on the mechanical aspects of jintan's rock salt have been conducted in the dissertation .	系统实验研究和理论分析了金坦岩石盐的机械方面的机械研究和理论分析 。
results 18 cases happened nosocomial infection , incidence for 14 . 3% , respiratory infections which accounted for 48% , ur 24% ;	结果18例患者对14.3%患者的呼吸感染 , 呼吸感染率为48% , 尿24% ;
the exception to the trend was in germany , where unemployment among young people actually declined , to 10 . 3 percent , over the twoyear period .	在德国 , 除了趋势外 , 年轻人实际下降 , 到10.3% , 两年之间的失业率为10.3% 。
it's different from the traditional view that the sentence meaning is its truthconditions . thus a new perspective of analyzing meaning is achieved .	从传统的观点来看 , 句子意味着它的真实状况 , 因此 , 分析意义的一种新观点 。
conclusion pricking blood therapy has a regulatory action on acth in hpa axis of rats with experimental allergic rhinitis .	结论 , 检查血液治疗对大鼠肝炎大鼠肝炎的大鼠肝炎的调控作用有一定的规律作用 。
roman statesman cicero noted , " although physicians frequently know their patients will die of a given disease , they never tell them so . "	罗马州长冰淇淋说: " 虽然物理学家常常常知道他们的病人会死亡 , 他们从来没有告诉他们 。 "
and jesus stood still , and commanded him to be called . and they call the blind man , saying unto him , be of good comfort , rise ; he calleth thee .	耶稣仍然停下来 , 命令他被称为 , 他们呼叫盲人 , 向他说 , 就好舒适 , 上升 ;
the size of the wafer to wafer side said , the quality of led is better than small chip . the price is proportional to the size of isomorphous .	波浪的大小说 , led的质量比小芯片的质量更好 , 价格比较小 , 价格比原来的大小 。
in recent years , china's mode of hiv transmission has significant change in the transmission of the infection ratio increased significantly .	近年来 , 中国的hiv传播模式对感染比的传播比率的传播有显著的改变 。
indeed , beauty experts have demonstrated through actual research that the combination of baby oil and sugar provides a most effective method for exfoliating skin .	实际研究表明 , 美洲专家通过实际研究表明 , 婴儿油与糖配合最有效的方法 , 为防腐皮肤提供了最有效的方法 。
he was accused of stealing the pictures while chen's computer was being repaired at elite multimedia limited , where sze was an employee .	他指出 , 当陈的电脑正在修复埃尔多媒体有限公司的时候 , 在那里 , 零零是一名员工 。
to reinforce these themes , quotations from lincoln’s speeches and writings have been stenciled above the fireplace mantels throughout the cottage .	为了加强这些 , 来自林肯的演讲和写作的问题 , 曾经在上面的火焰手册上偷偷偷了 。
many of these settled at the daming palace site , where they have maintained much of their original regional culture , such as their dialect and traditional food .	许多人在损害宫殿的地方 , 他们保持了他们的原始地区文化 , 如他们的方言和传统食物 。
from all these examples it may be gathered how reflection is always seeking for something fixed and permanent , definite in itself and governing the particulars .	从所有这些例子中 , 可能会集中如何反射 , 总是寻找固定和永久的东西 , 定义自己和转换特定的东西 。
michael had brought kay to the wedding so that she would slowly and perhaps without too much of a shock , absorb the truth about his father .	迈克尔已经带来了婚姻 , 所以她会慢慢慢慢地和或许没有太多鞋子 , 吸收父亲的真理 。
the crack growth rate in weld metal and haz of steel 36z fatigued at low frequency may be 35 and 410 times that at high frequency respectively .	低频率下钢36z疲劳的裂纹增长率可分别为35和410倍 , 高频增长率为35和410倍 。
the system is easy to construct and simple to use and has a higher spectral resolution than conventional msps without increasing the acquisition time .	该系统很容易建立和简单的使用 , 比传统的msp不增加收购时间更高的光谱解决方案 。
the outcomes of this series suggest that repeat pv is effective at the same vertebral levels in patients without painrelief who underwent previous pv .	本系列的结果表明 , 重复pv在患者前列腺癌前列腺癌患者中 , 重复pv是有效的 。
the collaboration with softbank is a good start: the company boasts 22 million subscribers , and its user base has been growing nicely over the past few years .	软银行的合作是一个很好的开始:公司拥有22万个子标签 , 而其用户基地已经在过去几年里逐渐增长 。
" i wouldn't dare call myself a pioneer of reform and opening , but , after all , we were the first ordinary people to open a restaurant , " says guo .	" 我不敢呼吁自己改革开放和开放 , 但是毕竟 , 我们是第一个普通人开放一个餐馆 , " 郭说 。
bynum missed the final 46 games of last season with a left knee injury . he is averaging 14 . 0 points and 8 . 2 rebounds .	上赛季的最后46场比赛是左膝损伤的最后46场比赛 , 他平均为14.0分和8.2分 。
the flexible liner system along canal slopes was discussed in detail with respect to the properties of the related expansive soil as well as the design methods .	详细讨论了有关扩大土壤的弹性链系统 , 以及设计方法的设计方法 。
the paper uses the index of sexselective abortion to indicate the effect intension of sexselective abortion on the raising of the sex ratio at birth .	本文采用性选择性吸收指数 , 以提高性吸收率的效果 。
" a woman will have more commendation in being the mother of heroes , " said a federalist , " than in setting up , amazonlike , for a heroine herself .	" 一个女人将有更多的建议 , " 一位联邦主义说 , " 比设立 , 阿马逊斯坦克 , 因为英雄自己 。
terrible busy these days , by the " water margin " actually expired , no found . rare today , go to the library , library hours , before we know .	这些日子 , 经过 " 水标志 " 实际上 , 没有发现 , 今天 , 到图书馆 , 图书馆之前 , 我们知道 。
to extinguish these conditions , we have to redesign the ruling mechanism of companies according to our nation's specific circumstances .	为了解决这些条件 , 我们必须根据我们国家的特定环境 , 根据公司的规则机制 。
jitie mouth found a stone tablet stone tablets , many words have been smashed , is obviously dont want to let others know more information about this tomb .	jitie嘴找到一个石头石表 , 许多字已经被打碎了 , 明显不想让其他人知道的信息更多 。
it provides a blueprint for the interteam communication that is essential not only for meeting business goals , but also for performing effective engineering .	它为团队通信提供了一个蓝色的通信 , 这是必要不仅会议业务目标 , 而且还为了执行有效的工程提供了一个有效的项目 。
louboutin identifies the shade it uses as “chinese red” , but argues that any confusingly similar shade would infringe the trademark .	路波林识别它使用 " 薄红 " 的形状 , 但是认为任何混淆的形状会影响贸易标志 。
so you can go to a number of forums to learn some information above constant color , the forum which will involve which network platform is more reliable .	因此 , 您可以去了解在常规颜色上学到一些信息 , 论坛将涉及到网络平台更可靠 。
assignment . you may not assign , sublicense or otherwise transfer any of your rights or obligations under this agreement , by operation of law or otherwise .	签署 , 您可能不会签署 , 订阅或其它文件 , 或者在此协议下将任何权利或权利转移到您的权利或权利 。
pet ownership is booming in china , and the tibetan mastiff is the dog of the moment for those who want to spread their wealth beyond stocks and real estate .	宠物主体正在购买中国 , 老虎巨头是那些想把他们财富的狗 , 以及房地产的狗 。
high school training should be adequately provided for all , and college training should be the monopoly of no class or race in any section of our common country .	高中培训应该是为所有提供的 , 并且大学培训应该是我们常见的国家的任何课程或比赛提供的 。
this research focuses on the selfidentity of an aboriginal daycare center worker and discusses the effect of social structure context to identification .	本研究重点对外天堂中心工作人员的自我认识 , 并讨论了社会结构上下文的影响 。
that's because , since 1918 , oberto has used nothing but premium strips of real , lean meat that's seasoned and smoked to perfection .	这是因为 , 自1918年以来 , 奥巴托没有使用 , 但是在现实的范围内 , 留下的肉类是季节的 , 吸引了完美的 。
rice praised afghan attorney general abdul jabar sabit for being one of the largest employers of women in the afghan government .	阿富汗的阿富汗一般是阿富汗的最大的雇主之一 , 阿富汗政府的女人之一 。
he takes off the tom cruise shades , and she sees the eyes of a goat—bright amber ; rectangular pupils , dilating in the dusky evening .	他带着汤姆的破碎形象 , 看到一只山羊的眼睛明亮 , 转换的杯子 , 晚上散发 。
based on the analysis of mirror by cang yue , the paper purports to decode the new vision creation of fantastic literature influenced by new media .	本文根据加州镜像的分析 , 提出了由新媒体的新视野创造的新视野 , 通过新的媒体来减少了新的视野 。
with the quality products of " classical decoration , perfect exhibition " , yonghong redefines the life and completely shows decoration aesthetics for every user .	随着 " 经典装饰品 " 的质量产品 , 永恒重新重新重新定制生活 , 完全显示每个用户的装饰美学 。
the asian development bank is urging central banks in asia to pause measures to contain high inflation until global market turmoil subsidies .	亚洲开发银行正在转向亚洲的中央银行 , 通过措施 , 直到全球市场转移到全球市场 。
two other snps also showed significant genebygender interactions , but their effects were not significant in either men or women alone .	另外两个nps也显示了很大的基因生成器互动 , 但它们的效果不明显 , 或者女性 。
although only in its second year , the club is a success , partly due to the energy and enthusiasm of its coordinator , susan michal .	尽管在第二年 , 俱乐部是一个成功 , 部分是因为能源和热情的热情 , 苏珊米尔的能量 。
jy8g . de ) made its debut in frankfurt , boosting hopes that investor confidence may be returning after the global credit crunch .	杰丽8g , 德国在弗兰克福特的债务 , 推动希望投资者信心可在全球信用证后返回 。
in mrpd , data is redistributed into some groups at step 1 , and all the groups are multitransmitted according to the request of computer nodes .	在rpd先生中 , 数据存储在步骤1中 , 并根据计算机节点的请求 , 所有组都被承认 。
two divers off the coast of france peer into denise , a small , twoman diving saucer that is part of jacques cousteau’s oceanic ship calypso .	两个不同的法国农民的海岸 , 一个小的两个人死亡的海岸 , 两个人死亡的海洋船舶的一部分 。
puerto rican on the wrong side of town , but still gets to wear ravishing new look silhouettes with beautifully matching shoes .	普罗托在城市的错误边 , 但仍然穿着新的看法 , 用美丽的比赛鞋子 。
now investors are demanding that banks like lehman and washington mutual raise capital or sell their assets to raise cash and prove that they are solvent .	目前 , 投资者们要求银行像莱曼和华盛顿的资本 , 或销售他们的资产来提高现金 , 并证明他们是解决的 。
lieberman has addressed a national convention before ; at the democratic national convention in 2000 , he was the party’s vicepresidential nominee .	利伯曼在2000年在民主党公约之前发表了一个国家公约 ; 在民主党公约中 , 他是党的副总裁 。
using sand polluted by the bp oil spill in one experiment , the team was able to separate hydrocarbons from the sand within seconds .	通过一次试验 , 小组可以分离水性碳碳碳化合物 , 从二秒内分离出来 。
in addition , foundation base may be in dangerous conditions such as sand pipings and upheaval deformations because of unloading soil above artesian aquifer .	此外 , 基地基地可能是在危险条件下 , 如沙管和上升变形 , 因为在阿斯坦设备上卸载土壤 。
for example , one student made a program to inform a selected list of friends , with a short text message , where he was every 15 minutes .	例如 , 一个学生将一个项目选择一个有关朋友的列表 , 短篇文本消息 , 每15分钟 。
steer your spaceship with the motion sensors of your windowsphone and fight against the space pirates with your arsenal of upgradable weapons .	让你的空间与您的窗户手机的运动传感器和战斗反对空间的飞行 , 与您的更新武器的阿森纳 。
this method can provide a new way for determination of aluminum powder con tent of propellant powder with its rapidity and simplicity and certain accuracy .	本方法可以为其快速、简单、简单、简单、简单、某些精度测定铝粉含量的新方法提供一种新的方法 。
as it closes in on its target , the ekv integrates data from the xbrwith its onboard sensors and locks on to the enemy missile .	当它关闭目标时 , ekv集成数据从xbrith的上面传感器和锁定到敌人错误 。
although adopting patent heddle increases the cost , but it increases the output and profit , and the invention benefit is also higher .	虽然采用专利的热情心脏增加成本 , 但它增加了输出和利润 , 而发明效益也更高 。
since the owner was a movie producer , his clienteles were the movie stars , singers and celebrities for his late night supper segment .	自从主人是电影生产商 , 他的客户是电影星 , 歌手和庆祝他晚晚期的供应部门 。
jerseys , pullovers , cardigans , waistcoats and similar articles , knitted or crocheted , of silk or silk waste .	杰塞斯 , 普罗斯 , 卡迪斯 , 瓦特和类似的文章 , 杀死或腐蚀 , 银或银废物 。
bonding: any of the interactions that account for the association of atoms into molecules , ions , crystals , metals , and other stable species .	债券:任何有关原子的互动 , 包括分子、离子、离子晶体、金属和其他稳定的物种 。
another is the loblolly pine . windbreaks not only protect land and crops from the wind . surplus trees can be cut down and used to provide wood .	另外一个是伦比伦比的probypine.wndndbreaks不仅是保护土地和wndnd.surplus树可以切割 , 并且用来提供木材 。
their two full backs , john flanagan and jack robinson , were excellent yesterday , up against theo walcott and samir nasri .	他们的两个完整的背后 , 约翰·弗兰纳根和杰克·罗宾森昨天很好 , 反对了沃尔科特和萨姆·纳里斯 。
the following factors like diabetes , erythrocyte , level of anastomosis and anastomotic technique were demonstrated to be independent .	随着因素如糖尿病、淋巴细胞、卵巢病、卵巢技术等因素 , 表现出独立的因素 。
aesthetic pursuit has connection to various aspects of news works ; the process that the writer edits news is also the process of aesthetic pursuit .	审美追求已经连接各种新闻作品的各样方面 , 编辑器编辑的过程也是审美追求的过程 。
the six counties and city of the drainage area of zuo river in nanning district lie in the karst area in southwest of guangxi province .	广西南地区的南京地区的6个县和城市 , 位于广西南地区的南京地区 。
its characters are : serious conditions , quick change , more shock , easy misdiagnosis , difficult management , more complications and high mortality .	其特点是:严重的条件 , 快速的变化 , 易于错误诊断 , 困难管理 , 更加复杂 , 死亡率高 。
on august 17 , 2005 , estonian prime minister andrus ansip met in his office with visiting chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing .	2005年8月17日 , 2005年8月17日 , 伦敦总理和俄罗斯在访问中国外交部长李肇兴 。
sudan is committed to implementing the comprehensive peace agreement and holding the referendum in southern sudan in a free and fair way .	苏丹被委员会实现全面和平协议 , 并在自由和公平的南苏丹举行参议 。
the utility model relates to a component of a suspension system of a conveying vehicle , specifically to a trailer steel sleeve for suspension .	本实用新型涉及一种传输车辆悬浮系统的悬浮系统组成部分 , 特别是对火车钢板进行悬浮 。
to make xiaoshan as our national shoemaking base , we need to do the following:one , identify the commanding heights of development and innovation ;	为了让小山作为我们国家的鞋鞋基地 , 我们需要做下来的:人 , 识别了发展和创新的高度 ;
improved fluorochemicals have recently made it possible to use a higher concentration of perfluorochemicals without causing medical complications .	最近 , 改进的荧光化学近期 , 利用高浓度的荧光化学 , 没有引起医疗复杂 。
children with family history of asthma or individual history of hypersensitivity were more likely to develop respiratory symptoms .	伴随着亚马或个人历史的孩子们的家庭历史 , 更有可能开发呼吸症状 。
the present invention also relates to the new method of using the new affinity chromatography mediums in purifying and producing cobra neurotoxin .	本发明还涉及了利用新型有限色谱中介的新方法 , 并在纯化和生产cobrara神经毒素中产生的新方法 。
scanning whitelight interferometry increases the portrait measurement range , and its measurement precision achieves the level of nanometer .	扫描whitelight干涉机会增加portrait测量范围 , 其测量精度达到了名称的水平 。
province labor ensures hall floorwalker zhang deyou to moderate , office grows jiao xuebai to make important speech .	省的实验室保证了大厅的地板 , 张迪瑜向现代 , 办公生长嘉宝 , 为了制作重要的演讲 。
grab a wide variety of historically accurate weapons including machine guns , bazookas , sniper rifles and flamethrowers .	大概历史上各样的武器 , 包括机枪、巴佐克斯、尼古斯和弗兰斯 。
a study was carried out in this paper on the dyeing and finishing performance of a watersoluble sulfur black dye containing polycarboxylic groups .	本文介绍了一种在水溶性硫酸黑染色体中的染色和完成性能 , 包含聚丙烯酸的染色体 。
a preparation method of anodic aluminum oxide film with thick barrier layer is provided , which belongs to the field of material technology .	给出了一种用厚的barrier层的合成方法 , 属于材料技术领域 。
the ideal threshold for choosing between sequential and parallel execution is a function of the cost of coordinating the parallel tasks .	选择序列和parallel执行之间的理想阈值是协调parallel任务的成本的一个函数 。
result: there were no obvious differences in microscopic characters in adonis amurensis regel et radd in the northeast region .	结果:在东北地区的微观光学特征中没有显著差异 。
the facial problem is a reflection of people body's splanchnic problem . only both internal and external treatment can help solve the skin problem radically .	疲劳问题是人们身体语言问题的反映 , 只有两个内部和外部治疗可以有助于解决皮肤问题的解决 。
this product is the most advantaged and clinicalvalue method for diagnosis of early nephropathy damnification equipped with enormous market demands .	本产品是最优势的临床价值方法 , 为了诊断早期肾病患者的诊断提供了很大的市场需求 。
leehom was awarded again " the best producer " in 2004 and " the best male vocalist " in 2006 by golden melody award committee .	2004年 , 李hom又获得了 " 2006年最好的生产商 " 和 " 2006年的男性音乐家 " 的最佳男性音乐家 " 。
they include an ecommerce storefront app , a community web site , a portal site , sample reports , and a project timetracking app .	他们包括一个电子商务存储应用程序、社区网站、港口网站、样品报告和项目时间抽取应用程序 。
indian multiplexes added on an average 14 to 21 new shows in the second week of the movie compared to its first week with 150 additional shows .	印度多文件在第二周增加了平均14至21个新闻节目 , 与其第一周的第一个星期相比 , 印度多文件显示 。
candles and holders , gifts articles , ceramic vases , leaf and sugar cane vases , consol tables , panels , candle holders .	蜡烛和保持者 , 礼物 , 陶瓷价值 , 叶叶和糖 , 糖果 , 巧克力表 , 包装 , 蜡烛 。
he knocks into drums , speakers , drops his mike , picks it up , then throws it to the floor and tosses himself after it for good measure .	他敲门 , 说话 , 下头 , 抓起它 , 然后把它扔到地板上 , 然后把自己放到了好的措施之后 。
says levit , " don't approach your boss with a sense of entitlement , as though he is personally responsible for furthering your career .	李维特说 , " 不要把你的老板带到一个情绪的感觉 , 尽管他是个人责任自己的职业 。
attila , king of the huns and ravager of much of western europe , died a death that was not quite what one would have expected from such a fierce warrior .	阿蒂拉 , 大多数西欧的国王和拉瓦格 , 死亡了一个死亡的死亡 , 没有人能预期到这样的战争 。
there’s a videosharing ability , by which you can watch videos “with” other people , though your interactions are limited to a chatroom beside the video .	有一个视频能力 , 你可以看到视频 " with " 其他人 , 尽管你的互动有限于视频内部的链接 。
it improved some of the subjective symptoms of xerosis , the clinical xerotic severity score and dermoscopic appearance .	它提高了xerosis的一些主观症状 , 临床xerosis的xerosis的临床性xeric传感屏幕和dmosc光学显示 。
lift the clutch pedal , start to lift soon , when the feeling gradually with the clutch pressure plate linked to a half , it begins to slow down .	轻松地把剪切板放到一半 , 开始轻松 , 当感觉逐渐与切削压力板连接到一半 , 开始缓慢 。
bottomup reform cannot be resisted because it requires no negotiations , avoids confrontations , and it spreads like an unstoppable plague .	底部改革不能阻止 , 因为它不需要谈判 , 避免面对 , 并且它就像一个不可解的平台 。
ames spends the rest of the movie plotting to get his revenge , make his escape and seize his little daughter back from her new foster parents .	阿姆斯花了电影的剩余 , 让他的逃避 , 让他的小女儿从她的父母回来 。
in other words , the value assigned by this rule is the one that should prevail in the case that test1 is among the tests that were assigned to a machine .	换句话中 , 这个规则的价值是测试1中的一个应该在测试中被指定到一个机器中 。
a few weeks later , we got word that the kerry people wanted me to speak at the convention , although it was not yet clear in what capacity .	几周后 , 我们还有几个星期 , 克里人希望我在传统上讲话 , 尽管不清楚的能力 。
the result of the research can also be used for reference in solving the same salt problems of other grottoes and earth relics in the northwestern arid regions in china .	研究结果也可用于解决其它地点和地球在中国北海地区的同一盐问题的参考 。
a crystalline compound , c6h 12n 3ps , a sulfurcontaining analogue of tepa , used to treat certain malignant tumors .	晶体化合物 , c6h12n12n3ps , 用于治疗某些恶性肿瘤 。
this paper describes the fundamental of thermometry and the types of thermometer . it also presents a method of making a thermocouple thermometer .	本文叙述了热温度和类型的基本原理 , 并给出了一种对流动耦合模式的方法 。
monaco is on the mediterranean coast , 18km east of nice and near the italian border , and is surrounded on three sides by france .	蒙纳科是中海海岸 , 18公里 , 18公里的东部和意大利边境附近的东部 , 并被法国围绕 。
of course , no one text is going to change the world , but put together , these treatises will constrain alqaida's recruitment pool somewhat .	当然 , 没有人会改变世界 , 但是在一起 , 这些治疗将约束qaida的招聘池 。
rich dad stopped by at noon on the third week . we heard his truck pull up in the parking lot and sputter when the engine was turned off .	第三周下午 , 我们听到他的卡车在停止了很多 , 当引擎被转移时 , 他听到了他的车辆 。
this added voltage is mainly power line frequency and its effect on the voltmeter reading will depend upon the normalmode rejection capability of the meter .	此外 , 电压主要是电力线频率和其对电流测量器的影响 , 将依赖正常的反射能力 。
henan bailihui trading co . , ltd . is a company mainly engaged in fine wine , imported wine , cigar , famous tea and tobacco .	河南湾巴利市贸易有限公司是一家公司主要在美酒、进口葡萄酒、酒、香烟、香烟和烟草 。
and try to make the room in any bedding face reflected in the mirror of food on the table , in order to receive the " double your wealth " the effect .	试图让房间在任何床面上反映食物的镜子里 , 为了收到 " 双重的财富 " 的效果 。
when the camels had finished drinking , the man took out a gold nose ring weighing a beka and two gold bracelets weighting ten shekels .	当骆驼已经完成了饮料时 , 男人拿出了一条金鼻子 , 两个金头 , 用两个金头戴着 。
this research takes fuqing' s preschool teachers for example to investigate the job burnout and influence factors of them by questionnaire .	本研究以福庆市教师为例探讨工作负担和影响因素的因素 。
while the atomic variable classes might look superficially like the synchronizedcounter example in listing 1 , the similarity is only superficial .	原子变量类似于清单1中 , 类似性只是超级的同步计数 , 例如清单1中的同步计数 。
another risk is that individual and commercial accounts will get mixed , as they did with the shamesyeakels , who are now suing their bank .	另外一个风险是个人和商业账户将被混合 , 因为他们与股东协会 , 他们现在正在支持他们的银行 。
the utility model can not only lead a setline lover to use a very long fishing rod to fish , but also can cut off or set off as well as throw a fish hook conveniently .	本实用新型不仅能带领一个装置爱者使用很长的鱼杆来钓鱼 , 还可以切除或设置 , 且可以很方便地把鱼放下来 。
the results also showed that much more steady combustion could be obtained with mechanical spray nozzle than with steam atomizer for some burners with poor performance .	研究结果表明 , 对于某些燃烧机械喷射器的燃烧器可以得到更加稳定的燃烧器 。
this resulting schema definition and the soap message that is generated for this service are languageneutral and follow the wsi basic profile .	这结果的模式定义和soap消息生成这个服务的soap消息 , 并遵循wsi基本文件 。
recycle your code ! create a collection of your favorite and oftenused snippets and make sure that it’s easily searchable and well organized .	回收您的代码 ! 创建你最喜欢的收藏 , 常常常用的nippet , 并确保它很容易搜索和组织 。
we provided updates on an hourly basis to keep our users informed of the situation until it was resolved today just before 4pm pdt .	我们提供了一个小时的基础上 , 为了保持我们的用户信息 , 直到现在已经解决了4pdt之前的解决 。
therefore it is still a challenging question for knee surgeons to reconstruct the function of meniscus which was injured or resected .	因此 , 目前仍然是关于膝关外科医生的挑战问题 , 重新重新重新重新调整的niscument的功能 。
for example , some on the political right reject anything the new york times reports and uncritically believe anything offered by fox news ;	例如 , 一些政治权利拒绝纽约时报的任何事情 , 并非批评相信fox新闻提供的任何事情 ;
despite trump's lovehate relationship with china , his chinese fans believe he's the one who can make the u . s . , and even the world , great again .	尽管卡普斯的爱情与中国 , 他的中国球迷相信他是美国的一个人 , 甚至世界 , 甚至世界也有很大的关系 。
similarly , plans by local chinese governments to improve infrastructure loom large for heavyequipment makers like caterpillar inc . .	同样 , 由当地中国政府计划改善基础设备大量 , 如重型设备制造商 。
when grains are ground , or leaves are cooked , they become more digestible , allowing more nutrients to get absorbed by the body .	当粮食是地面 , 或叶子被烹饪 , 它们变得更容易 , 允许更多的营养者通过身体吸收 。
one would have expected he was looking for an opportunity to keep his team close in a hardfought game against a big city school .	一个人预计他正在寻找一个机会来保持他的团队在一个大城市学校的艰难游戏中接近他的团队 。
several major banks including ubs lowered their growth forecasts for china through 2012 last week , largely because of concern that exports will fade .	几家主要银行包括2012年下跌了他们的增长预测 , 大多数是因为关注出口的担心 , 由于出口会更快 。
thermal loading concentrated on the outer circumference of the discs during the engagement time may result in a form of conical deformation . disc waviness may ar...	热荷载集中在加工期间的外周环境下 , 可能导致某种形式的变形形形成 , 透明性等 。
depending on the diverse document filters in the system , it might be necessary to also add a check to see if the request document is an html document .	依赖系统中多样的文档文件滤波器 , 它可能是必要的 , 如果请求文档是一个html文档 。
most of the 50 , 000 apps that have been written for cellphones that use the operating system should run in some fashion on androidbased tablets .	大多数5000个应用程序都在基于android的表上运行操作系统的时尚运行 。
the writer combines the history and rational thought , profoundly and dialectically analyses each author's works of different periods .	作者结合历史和理性思想 , 丰富地分析每个作者的作者的作者的工作 。
the plant office is secured with a yellow bicycle lock . boxes of fisherprice toys for toddlers can be seen stacked in the warehouse .	植物办公室是用黄色生物锁定的 , 适用于tdl客户可以在仓库中看到的渔物价格的箱子 。
considering the multidimensional and nonlinear characteristic of physiological information fusing , the thesis use svm for building medical modeling .	考虑了多维非线性物理信息融合的多维和非线性特性 , 本文使用svm用于建立医学模型 。
american tennis player helen jacobs with the wightman cup after the usa beat britain at wimbledon , london on june 16 , 1934 .	1934年6月16日 , 1934年6月16日伦敦 , 美国军队队队的英国球员亨利·杰科比 。
the pakistan people's party , ms . bhutto's party , says a united nations investigation into her death it is the only way to get at the truth .	巴基斯坦人民党 , 巴基斯坦人民党表示 , 联合国调查到她死亡的唯一办法是真正的唯一途径 。
as a mode of industry organizations intervenient by enterprise and market , industry clusters has promoted and will promote region development of economy .	作为企业和市场、市场、行业集群的一项模式 , 是企业和市场的干预方式 , 促进了经济的区域发展 。
the newspaper calls also for victoria to be allowed to try out daily life in cohabitation with her boyfriend before any decision is taken to get married .	报纸还呼吁维多利亚 , 允许在任何决定之前与她的男朋友合作的日常生活 。
“but despite these successes , ” he warns , “there remain real concerns about high levels of bycatch and the reasons behind them .	" 尽管这些成功 , " 他警告说 , " 仍然关注高水平的高水平和后面的原因 。
" with the coming of the 3g era , wireless internet will have exponential growth , " cinic said in a statement accompanying the release of its report .	" 随着3g时代的来源 , 无线互联网将有极大的增长 , " cinic表示 , " 在报告的发布中 , 收益了报告的释放 。
this hubble space telescope image reveals " the cat's eye nebula " to be one of the most complex " planetary nebulae " known .	这个丈夫空间的空间图像揭示了 " 猫眼睛 " 是最复杂的 " 星球星星星云 " 的一个人之一 。
plastics piping systems . glass reinforced thermosetting plastics components . test methods to prove the design of bolted flange joints .	塑料管系统 , 玻璃加强了热塑料组件 , 试验方法证明了混合fang联合设计的设计方法 。
disney executives say that if their efforts in china are successful , they'll likely roll out english schools in other countries around the world .	迪尼执行官说 , 如果他们在中国的努力是成功的 , 他们可能在其他国家的英语学校在英语学校 。
with all these and many more beautiful places that exist in our world , we are lost for choice and the only way to decide on the places to visit is to follow the heart .	随着这些和许多美丽的地方 , 现有的世界上 , 我们是失去选择和唯一的办法决定去访问的唯一办法 。
residents of soweto , or other urban areas in south africa , are likely to grumble about foreigners in the same way as in rich countries .	南非的居民 , 或其他城市地区的居民 , 可能在富国的外国人同样地对外国人来说很有可能 。
one guugu yimithirr speaker was filmed telling his friends the story of how in his youth , he capsized in sharkinfested waters .	一个guuguguguguguguguithirr发言人被电影告诉他的朋友如何在他的青少年的故事中 , 他在鲨鱼的水中捕捉了 。
limited data indicate that ms0 and tsr are in a relationship of 1:0 . 93 on average , that is the value of ms0 is larger than tsr .	有限数据表明 , ms0和tssr在平均1.0.93的关系下 , mss0的价值比tsr更大 。
the sex games that start with such light laughter and smooching now got all dark and interesting . the more inventive the guy , the more creative it got .	这样的轻笑和吸烟的性能游戏开始 , 现在已经有了所有的黑暗和兴趣 , 更有创造性的男人 , 越来越有创造力 。
the nqae and qam decide if additional action is required and implement this action to ensure that planned audits are performed as stipulated .	nqa和qam决定要求更多的行动 , 并实现这个行动 , 以确保计划审计作为规划审计 。
it also can protect the magnetic restraint busbar protection from maloperation possibly caused by variation of the secondary load of ct .	同时 , 可保护磁性回收阻阻燃烧器的磁性回收保护可能导致电荷的二次负荷的变化 。
the results indicated that the clean degree of ulc slab adapting two production technology was approximately consistent at the steady state casting ;	结果表明 , 采用二种生产工艺清洁度 , 稳态铸造工艺的稳态铸造 ;
a deliverable is a measurable , verifiable work product such as a specification , feasibility study report , detailed design document , or working prototype .	可转换是一种可测量的、可信的工作产品 , 如指定、可行性研究报告、可行性研究报告、详细的设计文档或工作原型 。
the confederate soldiers promised not to fight anymore . in return for this promise , they were released on parole and sent home to their families .	联邦军队承诺不到几乎 , 回到这项计划中 , 他们在巴罗斯发布 , 送到他们家里 。
caterpillars move by a wave that starts at the back end of their body and sweeps through each segment until it reaches the head , pushing it forward .	小波开始在他们身体的背端 , 每个分段都穿过每个分段 , 直到它达到头部 , 推出它 。
the moscow station has grayscale mosaics depicting scenes from dostoevsky's stories , which are characteristically dark and violent .	摩斯科站有灰色的摩西斯科描绘了多斯托夫斯基的故事 , 特别是黑暗和暴力 。
globalization is an irresistible trend and the author thinks that chinese economy and culture will benefit more during the process of globalization .	全球化是一种不可抵御的趋势 , 作者认为中国经济和文化在全球化过程中 , 中国的经济和文化将有益 。
by forcing them to review his departure , mr nozoe may help instil one last reform: greater transparency and accountability at the level of the board .	通过对他们进行回顾 , 诺齐先生可能帮助最后一次改革:更大的透明性和账户性 。
maybe they like us . we've had david beckham , robert pires , dennis bergkamp , jens lehmann and now thierry again .	也许他们喜欢我们 , 我们已经戴维·贝克汉姆 , 罗伯特皮尔 , 丹尼克·伯格兰普 , 杰恩·雷曼和现在又试着 。
they hugged each other , and dr . stoddard whispered in mrs . thompson's ear , " thank you mrs . thompson for believing in me . "	他们每个人都打了彼此 , 斯德德·沃德博士在泰国奥普森先生的耳朵 , " 谢谢谢你们相信 。
overscheduled , stressed , or worried kids often start sleeping less than they should , and sleep deprivation has serious consequences .	过度刺激 , 或担心孩子经常开始睡眠 , 睡眠也会严重的结果 。
in 1825he bought land for a farmandfactory commune in indiana . it attracted farmers , artisans and intellectuals .	1825年 , 他买了一座农场 , 印度尼亚的农民 , 吸引农民 , 阿蒂斯人和智力人 。
through a combination of extravagance and mismanagement , celebrity photographer annie leibovitz finds herself $24m in debt .	通过一项提取和错误管理 , 庆典摄影师安妮·莱伯特韦茨发现自己的24亿美元 。
mr . chen wenhao required a unified thought to guarantee the complete fulfillment of all kinds of work and the success of the convention .	陈伟先生要求一个统一的思想 , 以保证各种各样的工作和成功的完全满足 。
recently , discoveries of early human remains in china and spa,in have cast doubt on the 'out of africa' theory , but noone was certain .	近年来 , 发现早期人类仍然在中国和西班牙 , 对于非洲理论的 " 来说 , 但没有人确定 。
in 1995 , he wrote a lyric titled " a child in a temple " , describing his life and studies in the temple when he was young .	1995年 , 他写了一个 " 小孩 " 的孩子 , 描述了他的生命和研究在寺庙里的时候 , 他是个小孩 。
the reports of a given jurisdiction in the course of a generation take up pretty much the whole body of the law , and restate it from the present point of view .	在一代法律的过程中 , 给予判断的报告在法律的过程中 , 整个体体的整个体 , 重新从当前的角度重新启它 。
but he decided to pick up the pen , groping , continue writing , write every word , he needs to pay ordinary people can not imagine the hard work .	可是他决定把笔记上 , 继续写作 , 每个字 , 他需要支付普通人不能想象硬件工作 。
the " table of import tax rates on personal luggage of passengers and personal postal parcels " is part and parcel of this set of provisions .	通过客户和个人邮政园 " 的 " 税率 " 的个人润滑率 , 是本系列的部分和公园 。
about 20 years ago the city and certain visionary private developers began trying to change that too , renovating commercial space into loft apartments .	大约20年前 , 城市和某些私人开发人员开始改变 , 改革商业空间 , 改造商业空间 。
let the host family knows clearly the time/place/destination/counterpart in advance and get the consent when you want to go on a trip or stay out .	让主机家人知道明确的时间/平洋/估计/计划在先进的时候 , 然后你想在一次旅行或停止 。
by the way , there were lots of flatlike buildings in former soviet union , in which there were public toilets , bathrooms and kitchens .	通过对此 , 在前苏联总会有很多平洋建筑物 , 其中有公众厕所、浴室和厨房 。
second , there are some diabetes patients who may benefit from avandia , and third , patients on avandia may wish to remain on the drug .	第二 , 有一些糖尿病患者可能有利于阿富汗 , 第三 , 患者可能希望继续在药物中保持 。
hwang later admitted faking data to make the papers look better but claimed that a colleague duped him into thinking that the cell lines were genuine .	王后来承认 , 让这篇文章看起来更好 , 但是说 , 由于他认为 , 细胞线是真正的 。
it also ensures that your application back end runs with your usual privileges , so you don't have to make crucial files worldwriteable , which is a big plus .	它还保证您的应用程序终止运行您的常用特权 , 所以你不需要做到关键的文件可编写的世界 , 这是一个大部分 。
phoenix suns chief executive and president rick welts , a longtime nba executive , told the new york times he's gay .	凤凰六太阳首席执行官和总统rickwelt , 一名长期的nba执行官 , 告诉纽约时报道 。
the running fund of associated club are collected through moneyraising by the participants , and authority provide places and sports facilities .	联合国俱乐部的运行基金是通过参与者收集的金钱 , 并提供了地点和体育设施 。
it tummysolutely speeds recovery from leg ulcers simprove the report by the university of leeds' school of heingterneveryivehcare .	它自动地恢复了法律溃疡大学的报告简单地提高了法律溃疡的报告 。
the death of king bhumibol adulyadej of thailand means queen elizabeth ii has become the world's longestreigning living monarch .	泰国国王的死亡意味着 , 伊丽莎白i已经成为世界上最长的蒙克 。
article 44 where the orderer has prescribed the qualifications for the construction enterprises to contract the works , the provisions of such qualifications shall apply .	第四十四条订单人员预订了建筑企业的质量化 , 合同合同工作 , 应申请这样的质量化 。
this paper deals with the cultivation of spirulina platensis in large areas . it was successful and predicted for splendid prospects of spirulina cultivation .	本文以大型地区精神血管炎的培养 , 提出了成功的预测 , 并预测了精神培养的前景 。
product simple , fresh , unique style , smell fragrant soak into the depths of bamboo heart , elegant and refined , unique .	产品简单 , 新鲜 , 独特的风格 , 闻名的喷雾在竹心深度 , 轻柔 , 精炼 , 独特 。
author has analyzed the poisoning reason of catalyst in kellog ammonia converter , presented the technical measures preventing catalyst from poison .	作者分析了kelisia转换器中的催化剂的毒性原因 , 给出了防止催化剂的技术措施 。
incomplete diallel crosses were made ir an experiment with bivoltine races of silkworm to study the genetic effects of six quantitative characters .	研究了六个量子特征的遗传效应 。
when i see pure on all sides , yet discover a god to only have me in the debt is 2 human with suo promise , didn't see the diagram of fu nuo at all .	当我看到所有的一面 , 然而 , 只发现上帝只有我在债务中只有2个人 , 还没有看到fuo的图 。
there are several good ways to do that , including a swot analysis , evaluating your market , developing your organizational identity or simply forecasting sales .	有几种货物做法 , 包括开关分析、评估你的市场、开发你的组织身份或简单的预测销售 。
wander round to the gulang villa hotel , also on gulangyu , and you'll see three rather downatheel looking seafood restaurants right next to each other .	带到广江村旅馆 , 同时也在广阳阳光 , 你会看到三个相互的海鲜餐馆 , 每个人 。
this invention provides a set of selfpowered mechanical device , an autoregulating movable weirplate , a backflushing buffer and liftpull valve .	本发明提供了一种自动增强的机械装置 , 自动调控电缆 , 反流缓冲和液压阀 。
in this paper , the authors give two propositions to find the conditional extremes of multivariable functions by using simple forms of cauchy inequality .	本文给出了两种建议 , 利用简单的缓冲平衡的简单形式 , 找出了多变量函数的条件极端 。
the paper chooses 147 private enterprises as samples , analyses the 21 inner influencing factors by factor analysis and get 7 common factors .	本文选择了147个私人企业作为样品 , 分析了21个因素分析的因素 , 并得到7个通用因素 。
the behavior of ca alginate immobilized yeast and polyvinyl alcohol immobilized yeast for continuous production of ethanol is studied .	研究了催化酵母和聚乙醇连续生产的连续酵母的行为 。
doing so has all sorts of bad consequences , including poor performance , massive system backups , deterring manageability , and increasing odds of failure .	这样做 , 各种坏后果 , 包括贫穷的性能 , 大量的系统背景 , 决定管理性能 , 并增加失败的ododododd 。
a novel approach to the realtime speech quality evaluation in a packet network using feedforward multiple class random neural network was presented .	提出了一种利用多类神经网络来实时语言质量评估的新方法 。
nevertheless , in the process that await , 9 cities must the loss of the prediction of a person's luck in a given year that susceptive is a player and income .	然而 , 在等待的过程中 , 9个城市必须预测一个人幸运的预测年的损失 , 成功的是一名球员和收入 。
objective:to investigate the relationship between the changes of plasm endothelin and nitric oxide and blood pressure in patients with essential hypertension .	目的:探讨血管内皮素和血压的变化与血压的关系 。
after the meeting , dai and kim watched the debut of the opera , " the dream of the red chamber " , along with the dprk people from all walks of life .	在会议之后 , 大卫和金正在看着奥运会的辩论 , " 红色的梦想 , 随着所有人行走的dprk的人 。
objective to test the strength of different suture fixation of tendon or ligament end and evaluate appropriate stitches number in cruciate ligament reconstruction .	目的观察不同的固定性固定性 , 评价适当的稳定性 , 评价适当的稳定性 。
it is necessary to calculate the loading situation when designing arch pipe . the computation and application of arch pipes in crossing project is mainly discussed .	主要论述了在设计架管道的载荷状态 , 设计架构管的计算和应用 。
objective to evaluate the value of magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatographyin the diagnosis of benign and malignant bile tract obstructions .	目的探讨磁共振振振荡图的价值 , 探讨磁共振振振振振振振振振荡的诊断价值 。
experts believe this is largely due to the fact that men have thicker skin which hides the appearance of bulging fat cells that cause cellulite .	专家认为这是因为男性有厚厚的皮肤 , 使人体的脂肪细胞的出现 , 造成细胞 。
i'll talk about who will benefit from the course and a little bit about sort of the detailed subject matter that we'll cover in the course of this semester .	我会谈到谁会从课程中获益 , 并且很少关于详细的对象的事情 , 我们将在这个课程中覆盖 。
does your stomach tense ? your breathing quicken ? your pulse race ? your hands tremble ? these sensations prevented carly simon from performing live for years .	你的股票紧张吗 ? 你的呼吸速度快 ? 你的手腕 ? 你的手抱着吗 ? 这些感觉防止车会免费几年 。
during the production of hog cholera rabbitadapeted bovine testis cellular vaccine , there occurred that the virulence of the vaccine has not attained its standard .	在生产霍格拉霍布拉·拉·拉拉·拉·拉·拉·拉·拉·拉·拉·拉·拉·拉·拉·拉·拉·拉·拉·拉·拉·拉·拉巴比达的生产过程中 , 疫苗的暴力没有保持它的标准 。
the active chlorine atoms were introduced in the chlorinated cispolybutadiene through a strong organic acid containing active chlorine .	通过强有机酸盐含有活性的氯化原子 , 介绍了氯化丙烯原子的活性氯化原子 。
our companys product are very well , and the products are wellselled in the world , such as : eastasia . and we have a great number of costoms in the world , es . japen , korea .	我们公司产品很好 , 产品在世界上销售 , 比如:东亚 , 我们在世界上拥有很多成本 , 日本 , 韩国 。
soil salinization is one of the major factors compromising crop growth and leading to soil degeneration and desertification in natural ecological environment .	土壤盐化是自然生态环境中的主要因素之一 , 导致土壤变化和沙漠化的主要因素之一 。
this name in explaining their motives mayor acknowledged media reports of criminal incidents over the city xi wali , he is writing reports balance .	这个名字解释了他们的移动机会 , 被称为媒体的媒体报道在城市西波利的犯罪事件的报告中 , 他正在写报告 。
this papers mainly introduces the making principles , properties , affecting factors and uses of the neutral silicone sealant for building and decoration .	本文主要介绍了制造原理、性能、影响因素和使用中性硅烷密封剂的主要原理、性能、特性、影响因素及使用因素 。
current work includes a contemporary five bedroom house , a modern home over 1500m square and the complete redesignofafamilyhouse .	目前的工作包括当代五间卧室 , 现代家庭1500万平方和完整的房屋 。
and then , there's also a sincere and urgent question about how the person is middle aged person , and he doesn't want to waste time , and you know how should he practice .	然后 , 还有一个自由和迫切的问题 , 关于中年人如何是中年人 , 他不想浪费时间 , 而且你知道如何练习 。
english idioms become the subject of aesthetics , for the inborn attractiveness , appeal and sociality which turns to be aesthetical values .	英语学习成为审美学的主题 , 对于内在吸引力、批评和社会性的内容 , 成为审美价值的主题 。
the cachedrowsetimpl implementation is scrollable , allowing you to scroll backwards and forwards amongst the set of records represented by a rowset .	缓存的行为最简单的实现是可扩展的 , 允许您在记录的集合记录集中编写后面 , 并且通过一个行表示 。
yet as our special report in this week’s issue shows , the achievements of germany , europe’s biggest economy , tell a rather different story .	然而 , 当我们本周的专业报告显示 , 德国最大的经济成就 , 欧洲最大的经济 , 告诉一个不同的故事 。
calls to the api take the form of an http request to an established service entrypoint url , including details of the request as xml data .	呼吁api采取htp请求的形式 , 建立服务入点url , 包括请求作为xml数据的细节 。
malaysia still keeps primary and secondary schools . pupils are taught in chinese except for the subjects of english and malay culture .	马来西亚仍然保持了第二个学校 。 除了英语和马来文化的主题 。
this lets you generate pdf files , xls spreadsheets , or dynamic web pages without actually opening an ide and compiling any code .	这让您创建pdf文件 , xls扩展表 , 或动态web页面没有开放一个ide并编译任何代码 。
the results show that the effect intension of sexselective abortion had been increasing in the course of time and it was uneven upon fertile women with different demographic characteristics .	结果表明 , 性选择性吸收的强度随着时间的增加 , 不同的民主特征不明显 。
the core of higher education is to train the students of gain creative abilites . the key lies in the teachers'guidance and the students'participation .	高等教育的核心是培训获得创造力的学生 , 关键在教师参与和学生的参与中心 。
a new contract for robin van persie is on arsène wenger's agenda but he does not want the issue to become a media obsession in the months to come .	一个新的合同是阿森纳温格的年代 , 但是他不希望这个问题成为一个月的媒体对象 。
the beauty of seven < /p> < p> son hostage threatened chen yu , chen yu eventually did not dare let america hurt , let these people .	七个<p><p>儿子主持威胁陈元 , 陈元终于不敢让美国伤害 , 让这些人 。
i did my home work when planning for the trip to angkor wat . i knew it would be hard to take good pictures of basreliefs using the built in flash on the camera .	我在计划到陌生观看时 , 我知道这是很难利用摄像机构建的基本依赖图片来获得好的图片 。
botrytis and anthracnose can cause rot of leaves and loss of young growth , usually stems lying on the ground or splashed during irrigation .	鲍特里蒂和阿拉克诺斯可能导致年轻的生长和失去 , 通常在灌溉期间 , 就会在地下或喷洒 。
the quality means person's general conditions which includes the person's quality of thought and moral , science ond culture , labour skill .	质量意味着人类的普遍条件包括思想和道德、科学、劳动技能 。
wang wei expresses to this , cent brews really into the plan long already , the most crucial problem that faces is advertisement advocate admit degree .	王伟对此表示 , 中央公布真正进入长期计划 , 面对广告最重要的问题是广告的一个重要问题 。
we can reship orders that are returned to us as undeliverable or unclaimed . however , customers will be charged resend shipping fee per parcel .	然而 , 我们可以为我们返回到不可转换或不可供应的命令 , 但是 , 客户将被查询 , 每个parcel 。
price undertakings shall not be sought or accepted unless mofcom have made a preliminary affirmative determination of dumping and injury caused by such dumping .	价格下跌的价格不足或接受 , 除非货币的预防措施 , 因此会造成的损害 。
results anthocyanin from purple sweet potato consists of cyanidin , delphinidin , malvidin , petunidin and methyl anthocyanins .	结果 , 紫外甜豆素是由铁酸、甲基酸、甲基酸、甲基酸、甲基酸和甲基氨基酸组成 。
get to know different types of smoking woods for making barbeque brisket and learn more about bbq grills and fire pits in this free cooking video .	要了解不同类型的吸烟木材 , 为了使bbqgills和火焰在这个自由烹饪视频获得更多的关于bbqgill和火焰 。
solar alternativeitude , azimuth , geography longitude , latitude , alternativeitude , cloud cover , atmospheric transparency .	太阳的替代剂 , 化合物 , 地理长期 , 地理长期 , 纬度 , 替代剂 , 云覆盖 , 大气透明 。
designer li xinggang once said the bowl shape would help spectators focus on the bottom center of the container , and integrate people and the structure as a whole .	设计师李兴刚曾经说 , 碗形状会帮助观众注意在容器底部中心的底部 , 集成人们和整个结构 。
there might be no better place in the world to learn to scuba dive than the glassy seas around key west , at the southernmost tip of the u . s .	世界上没有更好的地方 , 学习比西方的玻璃海洋在西部 , 在美国的南部地方的南部地方 。
u . s . president barack obama is devoting most of his time and public appearances these days to one issue reforming the nation's health care system .	美国总统奥巴马在为了改革全国卫生保健体系的大部分时间和公众出现 , 这些日子在改革国家卫生保健体系 。
the components of starch , fat , amino acid and ash were determined to analyzed nutrient components of iron stick yam and bubil .	分析了淀粉、脂肪、氨基酸和ash的成分 , 测定了铁酸和泡沫的营养成分 。
i am a totally shock when i read this message , then i though back what he sms me last night , he seems like have some kind of showing since yesterday .	当我阅读这个消息时 , 我是一个很棒的震动 , 然后我想回到他最后一晚上 , 他似乎有些类似的表现 。
as a characteristic type of city , resources cities have ever made great achievements in building up the whole industry and national economy system for china .	作为一个城市的特殊类型 , 资源城市从来没有建立整个行业和国家经济体系的成就 。
introduced are basic principle , process flow , technical characteristics and engineering example of locat sulfur recovery process and its application prospect in china .	介绍了地球硫回收过程的基本原理、过程流程、技术特点和工程实例 , 以及其应用前景 。
if you've used rails acts_as_authenticated , you know that a loggedin user will set the value associated with the :user key within the session .	如果您已经使用了railssasauthenticateate , 您知道一个锁定用户将设置与suser密钥的值 。
dinstein explained neural activity continues even during sleep and in a typical brain , normally correlates to certain patterns .	狄恩斯坦解释道 , 即使在睡眠期间 , 甚至在典型脑部 , 通常与某些模式相关 。
the team also designed a removable observation tower that could be used to direct the fire of the howitzers and rockets while the tank was in a turret down position .	团队还设计了一种可移除的观测塔 , 可以用于直接到如何和火箭的火箭 , 而坦克正在一棵树下的地方 。
our government should build various facilities such as sewage treatment plant and encourage scientists to work out more and better ways to reduce water pollution .	我们的政府应该建立各种设施 , 如污水处理厂和鼓励科学家工作更好的方法来减少水污染 。
although they risked being heckled for saying so , chinese voices on the web suggested that public opinion here is ready for something more sophisticated .	尽管他们在网络上冒险了 , 但是中国的声音在网络上说 , 尽管他们在这里已经准备了一些更多的东西 。
newland archer , looking out of his hotel window atthe stately gaiety of the paris streets , felt his heartbeating with the confusion and eagerness of youth .	新兰建筑师 , 看着他的酒店窗户在巴黎街道的州立大门 , 感到自己的心情与青少年的混淆和悲伤 。
ben: yes . numerous people stayed up that night and on tv i saw people walking on the chang' an street waving the national flags excitedly .	贝恩:是的 , 很多人在那晚上站起来 , 我看到人们走在长江的街道上 , 让人兴奋地看到 。
interrogation hermione , he did admit that xiuzhi and zhimin also try their best to help cover hermione , the responsibility to push on the whole region .	他承认 , 西扎希和吉米斯也努力帮助赫米恩 , 负责整个地区的责任 。
even though the fitted bodice can draw attention to ladies with smaller or heavier busts , small adjustments can be made to provide a more balanced shape .	虽然配置的边缘可以注意小或重量的大型或重量的大型 , 小调整可以提供更多平衡的形状 。
clearly , different levels of management , whether shorebased or at sea , will require varying levels of knowledge and awareness of the items outlined .	清晰的是 , 不同的管理水平 , 无论在海岸基础或海域 , 需要改变知识和意识的认识水平 。
the government allowed sharia law to be imposed there earlier this year after failing to suppress the twoyear offensive by armed extremists in the region .	政府允许 , 今年早些时候 , 法律允许 , 法律在该地区的两年之后 , 就不会压抑两年 。
he added english subtitles for the movie were provided in eight local cinemas , although seven of them only showed its 2d version , according to the report .	据报道 , 他在8个地方电影中添加了英语子 , 虽然7个人只提供了它的2d版本 。
according to daly , an apple representative spoke to him by phone to inform him that the rejection of the app was due to its " politically charged " nature .	根据丹利说 , 苹果代表电话给他告诉他 , 这些申请的拒绝是由于它的 " 政治性 " 的 " 自然而引起的 。
the scientific basis for establishing a set of scientific and integrated system of examination for further carrying out postgraduate education thorou...	科学基础是建立一套科学和综合检验系统 , 进一步运用后勤教育的教育教育思想 。
perhaps most importantly , cd19l killed even those leukemia cells that were highly resistant to both standard chemotherapy drugs as well as radiation .	或许大多数是 , cd19l杀害甚至是那些很高的抗癌细胞 , 抗癌化疗药物和辐射 。
the system will enable warfighters to use handheld computers to request fullmotion video of area of interests such as suspected enemy positions or hostile territory .	本系统将能够使战斗者使用手机电脑来请求全面的兴趣视频 , 例如嫌疑敌人位置或霍斯特勒的领域 。
ok is without doubt the bestknown and widesttravelled americanism , used and recognised even by people who hardly know another word of english .	好的是 , 没有疑问最好的知名和智慧的美国主义 , 用来认识 , 甚至很难知道另一个英语的人 。
organizational keep zhou muyang when on the junction of the traffic policemen , in order to convenient life , she will be home and moved to the east china sea .	组织在交通政策的判断中 , 为了便利生活 , 她将回到东海 。
the princess bride is the perfect romantic movie for men because it celebrates virtues that are important to the muddier sex , as well as the fairer .	公主新娘是男子的完美浪漫电影 , 因为它能庆祝穆迪尔性的虚拟 , 以及公平 。
in the course of a few weeks tess revived sufficiently to show herself so far as was necessary to get to church one sunday morning .	在几周的课程中 , 几个星期间 , 很有足够的告诉自己 , 如今早上已经有必要教会一天早上 。
the approach uses a fibrin gel to support rat cardiac cells temporarily , before the fibrin breaks down as the cells organize into tissue .	这种方法使用纤维蛋白胶来支持大鼠心肌细胞 , 在纤维细胞之前 , 纤维蛋白突破作为细胞组织的组织 。
discusses the windows which play an important role in building's energy saving and points nut that the lowe glass is the best one in this respect at present .	讨论了建筑能源节省的窗口 , 并指出低玻璃是目前最好的一个角色之一 。
over time , as we age , the number of mutations begins to outstrip the system’s ability to makerepairs , and mitochondria start malfunctioning and dying .	随着我们年龄的时候 , 突变开始扩大系统的能力 , 使得系统的能力 , 并且迈克里亚开始了数量的功能和染色 。
a separate study of holozooplankton , that look like tiny transparent insects , doubled the number of known species from 7 , 000 to 14 , 000 .	一个独立的研究 , 看起来像小型透明剂昆虫 , 双重了解7 , 000到14万 。
running the traditional kind of business is very stressful ! after trying out amway's products , and seeing how our upline was having such a great time , we decided to join .	运行传统的业务是非常紧张的 ! 经过一直努力的产品 , 看到我们的上下线如何加入这样的时间 , 我们决定加入 。
the blood is a human life is so important in human language , blood on the terms of the very rich , such as the energetic , emotional , hard , and so on .	血液是人类语言的重要生活 , 人类语言的血液在很富裕的物质上 , 如巨大的 , 情感 , 很难 。
berg got up , and cautiously embracing his wife so as not to crush the lace bertha , for which he had paid a round sum , he kissed her just on her lips .	伯格得到了 , 并且很谨慎地把他的妻子放出来 , 因此他已经付了一条圆的总结 , 他就吻了她的唇上 。
national oilwell varco has developed the next generation program , which will train and develop high potential college graduates for future leadership positions .	全国石油威尔瓦科已经开发了下一代的项目 , 将培训和发展高潜力的大学毕业 。
railcars , carrying passengers and goods , are main tache in the railage . with the development of society , railage makes higher and higher demands on railcars .	铁路 , 携带乘客和货物 , 是铁路的主要任务 , 随着社会的发展 , 铁路的发展更高 , 更高的需求 。
she keeps a hopechest of items that were important to her husband: quilts made out of hisshirts , pillows made from his ties , his holeinone ball .	她保持一个希望的东西是她丈夫的最重要的物品:快速从他的衬衫上做出的 , 照片从他的身边 , 他的霍利one球上做出的 。
in the paper , the world uranium resources , its distribution and changes in some countries are introduced by using the information from red bookpublished in 2006 .	本文介绍了世界城市资源 , 一些国家的分布和变化 , 由2006年发布的红书发布的信息 , 介绍了一些国家的分布和变化 。
now , the wahl ningbo is planning to develop domestic market both in professional , animal and consumer markets . we hope more people join us and we will be much better tomorrow .	现在 , 华盛顿正计划在专业、动物和消费者市场开发国内市场 , 我们希望更多的人 , 明天更好 。
a separate report on friday showed consumer credit rose in november for the second straight month after 20 months of declines , which could bode well for spending .	周五 , 一份独立的报告显示 , 在20个月之后 , 第二个月之后 , 消费信用升高 , 可为支出 。
conclusionusing cgms and csii in diabetic patients can get valuable information about blood sugar drift and offer a reasonable clinical therapy .	结论糖尿病患者的cgms和csi可以获得有价值的信息 , 并提供合理的临床疗法 。
an online hiphop community , has received an equity investment from universal music group the financial details of the investment were not disclosed .	网上hiphop社区 , 从大学音乐集团中获得了一个平等投资 , 这些投资的金融细节并未讨论 。
but town planners , zealously trying to turn the capital into a modern , efficient and cosmopolitan city , have consigned most of them to history .	但是城市规划人员 , 零度试图把资本转化成现代、效率和宇宙等城市 , 大多数人都被认为是历史 。
wordpress:pages are like posts but " live outside of the normal blog chronology " as you are reminded when you visit the manage pages subpanel .	字母印象:像邮件 , 但是在正常博客技术的外部生活在正常的博客科技 " 当你提醒时 , 当你在访问管理页面的时候 , 生活在正常的博客科学中 。
the baby effective early learning program in the uk is a perfect and multiplex assessment system with the combination of evaluation making and education processes .	英国初期学习项目是一个完善的多文评估系统 , 与评估和教育过程结合的综合评估系统 。
the addition of tapp has improved the compression strength and modulus of rpuf with respect to the compatibility enhancement derived from coupling agent .	此外 , 提高了rpuf的压缩强度和模块 , 从耦合剂中提高了rpuf压缩强度和模块 。
this article introduces the villa named " bamboo wall " which was designed by the japanese architect kengo kuma , with analysis of the design process .	本文介绍了由日本建筑厨房设计的 " 竹墙 " 设计的村庄 , 并对设计过程的分析 。
next , do an immediatemode compare of register 3 with the number 0 and store the result in register 4 with ceqi $4 , $3 , 0 .	接下来 , 为了立即注册3 , 用数字0和存储结果存储sqi4美元 , 收到了3 , 0美元 。
on sunday the observer claimed that " the tea party rose out of anger over the scale of federal spending , and in particular in bailing out the banks " .	在周日 , 观察者宣称 , " 茶党从联邦支出 , 尤其是在银行中 , 尤其是在破坏了 。
by the late 1990s , however , licensing samples had become so costly that many rappers began to create backing tracks and sounds from scratch instead .	然而 , 在1990年代末 , 许多采购者开始创建背景和声音 。
the fiveyear survival rate for melanoma is about 98 percent if detected early but can be as low as 15 percent when detected at an advanced stage .	如果早期检测早期检测 , 5年的生存率为98% , 但在先进阶段检测的时候 , 可作为15% 。
but after the passing of galadriel in a few years celeborn grew weary of his realm and went to imladris to dwell with the sons of elrond .	但是在过去几年以后 , 加拉德里德里德尔在他的现实里 , 去蒙特里的儿子戴上 。
on the evening of march 28 , 2001 , chilean president met with foreign minister tang who was in chile to attend the east asialatin america forum .	2001年3月28日 , 2001年3月28日 , 智利总统与外交部长唐纳见到了外交部长唐纳 , 参加东部的论坛 。
on the back side of the glove are hundreds of rhinestones individually sewn on . this glove is a significant piece of pop history .	在全球背部的一面 , 数百个个个人城市 , 这个全球是极端历史的重要部分 。
business is booming for detroitbased companies in china today , and those partnerships are paying off at a time when sales in the u . s . have been less than stellar .	今天 , 商业正在购买中国 , 这些合作伙伴在美国销售的时候 , 美国销售的时候还不到稳定 。
the outlook on organic form in new criticism consists of three concepts such as " literary autonomy " , " organic whole " and " unity of opposites " .	新批评中的有机形式包括 " 文学自动 " 、有机整体 " 和 " 反对性 " 三个概念 。
the following command will create , within volume group testvg , a jfs2 file system of 10mb with mounting point /fs2 and having read only permissions	下面的命令将创建 , 在umumum集团测试g中 , jfs2文件系统的jfs2文件系统与启动点/fs2所示的jfs2文件系统 。
objective to study the relationship between interleukin 6 and interleukin 18 levels in serum and the syndrome differentiation of rheumatoid arthritis .	目的探讨内皮素6和内皮素18水平的关系 , 探讨血清血清中毒综合征分化的关系 。
the current operation state and problems of electromagnetic stirring system of skf furnace of no . 1 steel mill of maanshan iron & steel co .	目前的运行状态和电磁搅拌系统的电磁搅拌系统 , 马桑山钢铁和钢铁的钢铁燃烧系统 。
meanwhile , double lineage inheritance , equal inheritance between the sexes , and establishment of individual property have become the basic content .	同时 , 双线的继承 , 等等于性的遗产 , 建立个人属性的基本内容已成为基本内容 。
the perfect state of love is being single and alone , just like the flower words delivered by garland flowers : keep the memory in the summer ...	爱的完美状态是单一的 , 就像花朵一样 , 由加兰花传递的话:保持夏天的记忆 。
the huadian basin situated in southern jilin province of ne china is a half graben basin and lies to north of the dunhuamishan faults .	中国南部的大陆盆地位于中国南部 , 是一半格兰盆地 , 位于荷兰南部的北部 。
this unit features two 128gallon mixing tanks , a 30gallon holding hopper and a flanged inlet progressive cavity grout pump .	本单位特性为128gallon混合罐 , 一个30glon保持hopper和一个改进的进的电容泵 。
although " reasonable pluralism " often characterizes the public culture of a democracy , the mainstream ideology in modern times is economism .	尽管 " 合理的许多主义 " 经常表现民主文化 , 现代时代主流思想的主流思想是经济 。
a chemicalriskassessment model system is recently constructed , based on updated atmospheric dispersion numerical algorithms and the adjoint method .	最近建立了一种基于大气分散算法的化学基础 , 基于最新建立了一种基于更新的大气分散算法和调整方法 。
the selection of commodities and the assignment of weights require careful consideration , but if done properly inflation will no longer be a matter of concern .	商品的选择和重量的配置需要仔细考虑 , 但是如果正确的通胀不再是关注的问题 。
methods according to the reasonable operative plan , operation was performed under the guidance of ct and bultrasonotomography on the examining table with carm .	方法根据合理的操作计划 , 运行在ct和b超声图的引导下进行ct和b超声图的指导下执行 。
now therefore know certainly that ye shall die by the sword , by the famine , and by the pestilence , in the place whither ye desire to go and to sojourn .	因此 , 所以当然知道 , 黄色应该死于剑剑 , 受害者 , 在那里 , 在地方的地方 , 死去 , 伤害 。
an integrating analog to digital converter is disclosed that comprises a delay locked loop which is synchronized to a reference clock signal .	讨论了数字转换器的整合对象 , 包括一个延迟锁锁锁锁环 , 同步到一个参考钟信号 。
the newspaper said that hkma will increase its exposure in the two european capitals through the exchange fund , an investment vehicle hkma manages .	报道称 , 哈克马将在两个欧洲资本交易基金的两个欧洲资本上增加其暴露 , 投资车辆管理 。
stocks' recent pullback has put renewed pressure on household budgets . the s&p 500 index has fallen about 4 percent so far in july .	最近 , 股票的最近普勒back已经放弃了房屋预算的压力 , s&p500指数下跌了4% 。
and he reinstituted limits on nongovernmental organizations that operate overseas and receive u . s . taxpayer money from performing abortions .	他在非政府组织上重新限制了美国税收机构 , 并获得了美国税收公司的资金 。
if special circumstances prevent this from being realized , it may issue them in installments with the approval of the securities committee of the state council .	如果特殊的环境保证本来自于实现 , 可能会给他们安装安装的证券委员会的证券委员会批准 。
in general relativity , time is considered a dimension like height , width and depth , creating a four dimensional universe called spacetime .	一般来说 , 时间就像高度、宽度和深度一样 , 创建了四维的宇宙 。
few people were custom to making inquiries of their souls from very earlier due to it is more difficult to inspect one's own heart than write a resume .	少数人自定义了他们早期的灵魂 , 因为它更难检查自己的心脏 , 比写一个休息 。
a spokesman for fernando lugo , paraguay’s president , said that he would continue in office despite being diagnosed with lymphatic cancer .	巴拉圭总统的发言人 , 巴拉圭总统说 , 他仍然会继续诊断淋巴哈医癌症 。
the permit holder shall ensure that the project is designed , constructed and operated in accordance with the information and recommendations contained in the eia report .	根据印度报道 , 允许保证项目设计、建设和操作 , 并根据信息和建议包含的信息和建议 。
this model duration is longer , disappear naturally slow also , if have reappearance rash , can show constantly snakelike , annulus much shape , more annular .	这种模型的时间更长 , 自然缓慢 , 如果有重复的速度 , 可以显示不断的快速 , 紫外形 , 更多 。
in 2007 , niu niu joined emi family and thus became the world's youngest classic pianist signed by international classic music brands .	2007年 , niu加入了电子家庭 , 因此成为世界上最年轻的经典钢琴家 , 由国际经典音乐品牌签名的世界最年轻的传统钢琴家人 。
but in my experience , the base uml language is more than sufficient for documenting the essentials of the architecture of most softwareintensive systems .	但是在我的经验中 , 基本uml语言超过文档文档的必要 , 大多数软件强度系统的必要 。
i think if i do some aerobic exercise at night , it could help boost my energy levels during the 15am period where i experience the most drowsiness .	我觉得如果我在晚上做了一些气候运动 , 可以帮助我在15米期间的能量水平 , 在那里我经历了最干燥的业务 。
from the first day of treatment with ae , the chemotaxis of mice pmn began to descend and the effect of large dosagegroups were greater than that of small dosage groups .	从第一天的治疗中 , 小鼠pmn的化学氧化物开始减少 , 大剂量的影响比小剂量组更大 。
the presentation at the chicago conference , which recently disappeared from a siemens web site , never discussed specific places where the machines were used .	在芝加哥会议上 , 最近来自一个semsiweb站点失踪 , 从来没有讨论特定的地方 。
according to the fire statistics , the onevariable linear regression mathematical model is used to predict the spread of fire and to supervise the fire prevention .	根据火灾统计 , 采用一种可用的线性回归数学模型 , 以预测火灾的传播 , 监督火灾预防 。
methods 245 undergraduate students were evaluated by selfrating depression scale , selfrating anxiety scale and a selfmade questionnaire .	方法对245名自我抑郁症的学生进行自我调查 , 自我调查焦虑规模和自主定义问题进行评估 。
'we shouldn't be coerced through this process to contribute more to that effort than we're willing to do voluntarily , ' mr . lauria told the court .	拉里亚先生说: " 我们不应该通过这项过程来贡献更多的努力 , 比我们愿意做更多的努力 , " 劳里亚先生告诉法院 。
the celegians are a species of intelligent scyphozoans , appearing as floating brains trailing a cluster of prehensile tentacles .	埃利格兰人是一家智能的科学家 , 出现的大脑培训了预先的帐篷的集群 。
studies have suggested that demand for new planes from chinese airlines will increase fivefold over the next 20 years , requiring over 2 , 000 additional aircraft .	研究表明 , 中国航空公司要求新计划将在20年内增加五倍 , 要求超过2 , 000多个航班 。
the people of israel saw the amazing works of god and heard the thundering voice of god from mount sinai , and they trembled in righteous fear .	以色列人看到上帝的惊讶作品 , 听到神的声音 , 听到神的声音 , 听到神的声音 , 同时他们在正确的恐惧中 。
in many regions , teachers engage in preparation before they start teaching in schools , a stage referred to in this document as preservice teacher education .	在许多地方 , 教师在学校开始教学之前 , 一个阶段被称为预防老师教育的阶段 。
i can ! when eden was born he was given antibiotics to clear excess fluid from his lungs . the nicu doctors advised us to permit it .	我可以 ! 当爱德华出生的时候 , 他给予了抗生物学来清理他的肺部流感 , 尼日医生建议我们承认 。
a friendly microclimate unfurled itself from the bottle of johnnie walker and encouraged my imagination to emerge from its burrow .	一个朋友微观的微观 , 从约翰妮走廊的瓶子里 , 鼓励我想象来自自己的爆炸 。
as they were passing through a grove of small trees , they heard a great fluttering over their heads and a feeble chirping in the grass by the roadside .	当他们经过一棵小树的时候 , 他们听到了一个很大的飞行在他们的头部和一只可怕的飞行在路边的草地上 。
in addition to the body has some disease outside smoked more than 10 a day or alcohol and have genital inflammation is can't use drugs of abortion .	除了身体外 , 还有一些疾病在10天或酒精外还有一些疾病 , 并且有一定的炎症 , 无法使用吸收药物 。
ie10 platform preview 1 , available for download today is the first step in delivering the next wave of progress in native html5 support .	ie10平台预测1 , 今天下载的第一步是将本地html5支持的第一个步骤转换为第一个步骤 。
therefore on teaching reform , the training of the former should be combined to the training of latter so that students may improve their overall capacity in thinking .	因此 , 教学改革的训练应该结合后来的训练 , 以便学生可以提高整体能力 。
the ceramic coatings possess some excellent capability of corrosion resistance , heatstrike resistance , wearlessness , electric insulation and so on .	陶瓷涂料具有良好的耐腐性、耐热性、耐磨性、耐磨性、耐磨性、耐磨性等优点 。
the controller has been used in multiunit electric drive synchronization control system of textile dyeing machinery . it has high control presision and reliability .	该控制器在多功能电动驱动机的多功能驱动同步控制系统中应用 , 具有较高的控制压力和可靠性 。
conclusion discrimination dosages of 5 insecticides to adult mosquito could be used for the resistance detection of cx . pipiens pallens in china .	结论5种昆虫剂的分离剂量可用于中国抗性检测的cx.pipien的抗性检测 。
for most , the goal is to swallow all the grapes before the last stroke of midnight , but peruvians insist on taking in a 13th grape for good measure .	对于大多数目标来说 , 目标是在最后一夜之前将所有的葡萄子放在13个葡萄里 , 可是周围人坚持在13个葡萄里 。
the synchronization information is carried by short code , which overcomes the difficulty of correlation code transmission in fast frequencyhopping .	同步信息是由短代码的短程代码进行的 , 结合相关代码传输的难点 , 得到了快速频的相关代码传输的困难 。
this is what leads to the need to delineate the relationship and distinction between serviceorientation and serviceoriented technology architecture . here’s one way of breaking it down	这是导致服务方向和服务的技术架构的关系 , 需要解释服务方向与服务的相关性和区别 。
errors of this type get passed through into the generated code or configuration files , which can make it difficult to backtrack to the original source of the problem .	这个类型的错误通过生成代码或配置文件 , 可以使它难以回归到原始的源头来源 。
the direct cause is the emerging atmbased bisdn and the advent of adsl , the shortened form of asymmetric digital subscriber loop .	直接原因是adsl的增长和adsdssdn的先进 , 具有对称数字子编码循环的短期形式 。
the conclusion is that assembling waterstoring cellar is technically viable , and should be popularized in watercollection and watersaving irrigation projects .	结论:组合水电监测细胞是技术可视的 , 应该在水收集和水库灌溉项目中受欢迎的 。
it is important to point out , though , that schools of a certain type actively seek out waldorf graduates as potential students .	然而 , 虽然 , 学校一定类型的学校正在寻找一个潜在的学生的词汇毕业 。
senior officials from 21 countries are meeting in hawaii this week for the annual summit of the asia pacific economic cooperation forum apec .	来自21个国家的高级官员在海威夷本周会议 , 为亚太太太太太太平洋经济合作论坛的一年总结 。
it also discusses function of city circular road construction , the necessity of performing by stages and the station of viaduct in circular road .	文章还讨论了城市环境路建设的功能 , 运用阶段和环境路的必要性 。
the multipurpose combined plough can combine the cultivation and loosening and implements the work of an empty entity coexistence cultivation method .	多目的是 , 可结合多目标 , 可以结合文化和开放和实现空间实现空间实现空间实现方法的工作 。
sun erniangs is strongly commended by shi nai'an , revealing his advanced concepts of equality between men and women at that time .	太阳的niang很强烈的建议 , 揭示了男人和女人之间的平等概念 , 显示了他的先进概念 。
some instinct had startled them , and they turned their backs on the train and began to bounce away through the grass , their motion as graceful as any ballerina's .	有些投资已经开始了他们 , 他们开始在火车上转回他们的背部 , 开始通过草地 , 他们的运动就像任何球迷们的动作 。
pyridoxine : was found to be more effective than methylphenidate in treating a group of hyperactive children in a doubleblind , crossover study .	皮利多毒素:发现 , 比甲基苯酸酯治疗双盲两组高活性儿童的有效性更有效 。
advertising play a significant role in american business , furthermore , it exerts enormous effects on the nation's economy .	广告广告在美国商业 , 进一步 , 进一步对全国经济有着巨大的影响 。
thank you for your collection and keeping the weidong xing works and this collection card , and your behavior of collecting will also be an important part of the works .	感谢您的收集并保持weidanginginginging工作和本收集卡 , 以及收集的行为也是工作的重要部分 。
participants who took a daily dose saw their average number of satisfying sexual experiences increase from 2 . 7 to 4 . 5 per month .	参与者们每天都看到他们的平均数量的满意性经验增加了2.7至4.5% 。
there is good oil and gas exploration potentiality in the low permeability chang 4+5 reservoir on yanchang formation in jiyuan area , ordos basin .	在江南地区 , 油气勘探潜力较低 , 油气勘探潜力较低 , 渗透性长4+5储层在江南地区 , 矿床上存在良好的油气勘探潜力 。
the research will look at whether taking garlic capsules can disrupt the communication system of the pathogen pseudomonas to prevent illness from taking hold .	本研究将探讨无论是否能够破坏病因普通系统的通信系统 , 以防止病毒的疾病 。
because of the special geological features in sublayers reservoir , the general method of injecting chemical agent does not fit the development of sublayers .	由于特殊的地质特征在子层储层中 , 注射化学剂的通用方法不适合子层的发展 。
" i'm not saying that we looked dowdy , " mary says . " she said , 'you don't have to be dirty to be poor . ' i always remember that . "	玛丽说: " 我不说 , 我们看到的狗 , " 玛丽说 , " 你不必是死亡 。 " 我总是记得那个 。 "
it will be said that this revolution is likely to be betrayed or hijacked , that the hardliners and the theocrats are certain to prevail at the end of the day .	这次革命可能被认为 , 这种革命可能会被提取或hijackededed , 硬线器和巧克力一定要在日末进行预防 。
while iq and personality test may not bear much direct relation to fechner's ideas , their spirit is the same: to measure , to quantify , to know the difference between .	尽管iq和个性测试并不会对费纳的想法进行直接关系 , 但他们的精神相同:测量 , 以确定的差异 。
but the sandbox has walls , as weibo for now does not play much with the outside world , and is subject to a rigorous monitoring and censorship regime .	但是 , 沙箱已经墙壁 , 如今 , 现在不用外部世界玩得太多 , 并且对一个严格监控和犯罪的监控 。
well , that's a pretty big megaphone . and you'd be hardpressed , if you watched the entire day , to find a positive story about me on that front .	嗯 , 这是一个很大的手机 , 你很难压力的话 , 如果你看整个天 , 找到一个正确的故事 。
in 2008 , ceo braddock realized that one of the biggest obstacles to ordering groceries online is that consumers can't inspect and touch perishable food .	2008年 , ceobraddock意识到 , 最大的障碍之一是消费者不能检查和触摸的食物 。
per patient treated , there is considerable variation in budgets for firstline drugs , in total ntp budgets and in total costs for each year 2002–2005 .	每个病人治疗 , 每年都有预算的变化 , 每年都有一次线性药物的预算和总成本 。
also an improvement has been made by inventing a kind of composite press which possesses the advantages of both the friction press and the hydraulic press .	同时 , 本发明了一种复合压力的改进 , 具有两种摩擦压力和液压力的优点 。
it was considered a sign of progress that india’s parliament debated “population stabilization” this month after largely ignoring the issue for years .	它被考虑到印度议会的进步信号 , 这个月后大多数忽略了这个问题 。
guanglei is studying the bachelor of visual media at griffith university campus and provides some fun and helpful insights in to his experience at griffith .	广东是研究格菲菲菲菲菲菲大学视觉媒体的bachelelor , 并提供了一些有趣的和有助于他的经验 。
it's useless staring at scoreboard . as nearly all the people had left the stand , hank resentfully went out of the stadium and got to the car in the parking lot .	这是无用的站在螺钉板上 , 近乎所有人都离开了站点 , 哈克斯通常走出了场所 , 走到车上 。
while the current numbers may suggest a step in that direction , analysts say they are not a definitive indicator of a turnaround in china's trade .	目前的数字可能会建议一个步骤 , 分析人员说 , 他们并不是中国贸易的定义指标 。
“this rubbish translation is edited at points , ” groused one post attached to the translation on sina . com , a popular web portal .	" 这是rubish翻译在点上编辑的 , " 把一个邮件包含到新加州的翻译 , com , 一个普遍的web端口 。
we analyses four main models of antimonopoly authority institution , and point that efficient power is very important to antimonopoly authority .	分析了反垄断权力机构的四个主要模型 , 并指出有效的权力是反垄断权力的重要性 。
the donor must receive proper medical followup but this is often lacking when he or she is seen as a means to making a profit , " added dr luc noel .	理论家必须收到适当的医疗跟随 , 但是这常是缺乏时候 , 或者她看到的意思是一个有利的手段 , " lucnoel博士补充道 。
and what " s more , the acreages of garden plot , agroland , residential and industrial land would gain its peak and then decrease to stable state . "	而 " 更多 " , 花园插件、农田、居民和工业地产的消息将增加其峰值 , 然后减少稳定状态 。
at least 19 people died in a stampede at the love parade dance music festival in the western german city of duisburg on july 24 , the bbc reported .	据bbbcc报道 , 至少在7月24日 , 至少有19人死于爱情节舞蹈舞蹈舞蹈节 。
imagination can make us anything , and , even if a teiresias syndrome leads to no overt acts , literature can make us anything and put us anywhere .	想象可以让我们任何事情 , 即使是一个电话综合征导致没有过度的行为 , 文献可以使我们任何地方放弃我们 。
after finishing , he removed flag and cheerfully wiped his mouth with it . some of stilwell's chinese are as young as 14 , few are older than 25 .	完成之后 , 他把旗帜拆除了嘴巴 , 很多人都像14岁 , 几岁的年轻人一样 , 几岁 。
a city of westcentral peru on the pacific ocean near lima . founded in 1537 , it is peru's largest port . population , 264 , 133 .	1537年 , 位于利玛附近的西部城市 , 1537年建立了一座西部城市 , 人口264 , 133年 。
noone made a fuss and i have found it hard to make the case that this archaeologically superrich city is much poorer without one old tumbledown mosque .	没有人造成一个火箭 , 我发现这座拱形超级城市是很差的 , 没有一个古老的嵌入模式 。
you must have gone through a difficult time , trying to learn a foreign language and at the same time adapting to a totally different culture and environment .	你必须经过困难的时间 , 试图学习外语语语 , 同时适应各种文化和环境 。
a man hunted for a fox and finally lost himself in the forest . he walked around anxiously . at dark he met an old lady with white hair .	一个人在森林里打猎了一只狐狸 , 最终失去了自己 , 他在暗暗中走过了一只老头发 , 用白头发 。
the atoll—a ringshaped island enclosing a central lagoon—is part of the tuamotu archipelago , the largest chain of atolls on earth .	地球最大的链接在地球上是一个中央湖的中央湖 , 这是奥古拉戈的一部分 , 最大的链接 。
pennaceous feathers cover the bodies of birds , and their tightly closed vanes create the aerodynamic surfaces of the wings and tail .	皮纳米的天气覆盖了鸟的身体 , 它们的紧紧密闭的葡萄酒创造了翅膀和尾巴的气动力学表面 。
it is often necessary to map one business object into another when coordinating between heterogeneous systems , or even as part of normal business logic .	经常要图绘制一个业务对象的另一个时候 , 即使是一个正常的业务逻辑之间的协调 , 甚至作为一个正常的业务逻辑 。
but , sometimes , that fatigue stems from low iron stores , particularly prevalent among women in their 20s and 30s , who don’t eat much meat .	然而 , 有时候 , 胖子从低铁店出售 , 尤其是在20年和30岁的妇女中预期出现 , 他们不吃多肉 。
the results showed the design was reasonable and the motion was reliable . the property of chain which was assembly by those hardened chain pins achieved high level in the world .	结果表明 , 设计合理 , 运动可靠 , 混沌的性能由这些危害的链链链组成 , 达到了全球的高水平 。
in order to relieve the habitat pressure of coastal birds , it is necessary to build waterfowl ponds at the edge of the core zone .	为了减少海岸鸟的栖息压力 , 需要在核心区的边缘建立水流水池 。
infoq: it seems that your wish regarding the video codecs is getting closer to happen as google announced they are dropping h . 264 .	印菲oq:看起来 , 您的希望通过视频编码被关闭 , 因为google宣布他们正在下降264 。
madonna , cherie blair and the beckhams have all moved to silence nannies who threatened to lift the apron on their domestic lives .	马德纳 , 切里·布莱尔和贝克汉姆都搬到了沉默的纳米 , 威胁在他们的国内生活中 。
equipped with a night vfr avionics suite from either dynon or garmin , getting out and back to your secret destination will also be much easier .	设备一夜vfrvvvrvvvrvvvvrvvvvvrvvvvvvvrvvvvvvicssitesitesomin , 然后回到您的秘密的定义也很容易 。
the bars and cafes that ring the plaza have filled it with tables . families stop here after their evening stroll , or paseo , for a glass of wine .	这些酒吧和咖啡店都用桌子填充了它 , 家人在他们晚上 , 或是过去 , 为了一杯葡萄酒的玻璃 。
according to chen xi , a senior consultant at zhaopin . com , companies discard staff who cannot generate profit in economic slumps .	据陈晓 , 一名高级咨询人士在赵普林 , 公司认识到 , 那些不能在经济滑动中产生的利润 。
“our offer does not require approval from the eu , ” said ruban yogarajah , a spokesman for bhp , the world’s biggest mining company .	世界上最大的矿业公司的发言人罗比亚瑜伽ajah说: " 四个供应商不需要批准 。 "
stockmarket indices , soaring house prices and low inflation surely did more to feed bankers’ and borrowers’ exaggerated sense of wellbeing .	股市市场指数 , 股市价格和低通胀确保更多的喂养银行和浏览商的经验感觉 。
the practice indicated that conditional knowledge is the important foundation for career development of teacher , play an unreplaceable part in teacher's routine work .	实践表明 , 条件知识是教师职业发展的重要基础 , 是教师的路由工作中不可替代的部分 。
as well as beating all other sportswomen , the 20yearold finished ahead of the likes of charlize theron , natalie portman and salma hayek .	同时 , 除了其他其他的运动员 , 20岁的孩子们完成了像荷兰、纳米港口和萨玛海克这样的前面 。
to ensure that we got meaningful results , we also verified that the grid index is actually exploited for this query as explained in a later section .	为了确保我们获得有意义的结果 , 我们也证实了网格指数实际上是为了解释这个查询中解释的 。
for instance , in the short term market peaked , many people point to petty profits , the stock has clearly powei would also like to defend or even to cover positions !	比如 , 在短期市场上 , 许多人指出petty利润 , 股市明显的波韦也喜欢防御或覆盖位置 !
investors seem to be somewhat undecided , with hisoft stock down 9 percent during regular monday trading but then rebounding 17 percent in after hours .	投资者似乎是一些投资者 , 他的投资者每周一下跌了9% , 但是在经常的交易之后 , 投资者看起来还有17% 。
note that arthur is not going in to work at the crack of dawn , as he has a conversation in the burrow with amos diggory , who has already been at work for some time .	注意 , 阿森并不愿意在丹镇的裂缝上工作 , 因为他有一个对话 , 他曾经有一些时间工作 。
typical office hierarchies don't apply: managers like farrar , who oversee teams of hundreds of artists on big films , are rootless .	典型的办公层次不适用于:像雷达这样的管理人员 , 他在大片上拥有数百名艺术家的艺术家 , 是无根的 。
from now , only the intelsat did the 16qam experiments in space communication , and their 16qam is made by conventional method , and its data rate is not high .	从现在 , 只有16qam实验在空间通信中实验的16amam实验 , 其中16qam是由传统的方法制成的 , 数据率不高 。
laparoscopic hernia repair is a technique to fix tears in the abdominal wall using small incisions , telescopes and a patch .	腹腔镜神经病是腹腔壁固定泪水的技术 , 使用小切除 , 电镜和帕帕特 。
neither had married nor had any living heirs and my father once told me that it was because they were both too stingy to share their family wealth or pass iton .	我父亲告诉我 , 没有结婚了任何生命的头发 , 我的父亲曾经告诉我 , 因为他们太清楚分享自己的家庭财富或过去 。
to the tune of an electric russian dance theme , players fit falling polyominoes into one another to clear the board and achieve the most points .	为了一个电动舞蹈主题的基因 , 玩家配备聚合物 , 进入另一个来清理董事会 , 并取得最重要的点 。
a cree exclamation of awe , “yoho” applies perfectly to the park’s big peaks , expansive glaciers , and impressive waterfalls .	一个危险的解释说: " 你在公园最大的峰值、扩大的玻璃器和印象水下应用完全适用于公园的大峰值 。 "
his expression_r was truly comical and at that moment i did not know whether he was a preposterous old man pulling my leg or whether he was really a simpleton .	他的表达是真正的 , 在那时候我不知道他是否是否是一个很大的老人 , 或者他是否真正是一个简单的ton 。
the design schemes , which are good or not , influence the investment and period of construction directly , and determine the service and economic results after completation of construction .	设计方案是良好的 , 影响建设直接投资期 , 直接影响建设后的服务和经济效果 , 并确定了施工后的服务和经济效果 。
the invention involves fluorine plastic liner manufacturing and application technology , particularly a fluorine plastic lining composite product and its manufacturing method .	本发明涉及荧光塑料链制造和应用技术 , 尤其是一种荧光塑料化合物产品及其制造方法 。
objective: to evaluate the effects of plateletderived growth factorbb on the attachment and proliferation of periodontal ligament cells on different root surfaces .	目的:探讨板体生长因子对不同根表面的附加和增殖的影响 。
pyongyang , the capital of the revolution , was spruced up and the socialist fairyland was unfolded everywhere to change the looks of the country tremendously .	平阳 , 革命的首都是迅速的 , 社会主义的公平都不断变化了国家的看法 。
the clinkering process of the bariumcontaining sulphoaluminate cement clinker was studied by the means of high temperature microscope and xrd .	采用高温微镜和xrd的方法 , 研究了包含超磷酸盐酸盐水泥粘合剂的闭合过程 。
cisc processors generally feature variablelength instructions , multiple addressing formats , and contain only a small number of generalpurpose registers .	cisc处理器通常具有变量的长度指令 , 多个地址格式 , 并包含了许多普通的存储器 。
to be honest , much of it had little to do with the content of the class , as we were taught the same things that any university of michigan thermo 1 student would learn .	最诚实的是 , 大部分的课堂内容很少 , 正如我们同样的事情 , 迈克冈大学的任何学生都会学习 。
since china resumed the financial trust business in 1979 , the trust industry has experienced six major improvements and rectification .	自从1979年重新重新了金融信任业务 , 信任业已经经历了六大改进和修改 。
objective:to observe the therapeutic efficacy of nebulized budesonide suspension plus albuterol and ipratropium bromide in childhood asthma .	目的:观察新生儿童哮喘的治疗效果 。
she added all bp errors identified by the southern utes and the federal government have been corrected and the majority of them had no impact on royalty payments .	她补充了南切尔南部的所有bp错误 , 并且联邦政府已经正确 , 并且大多数人都没有影响到皇家付款的影响 。
after fleeing the marriage that her father tried to arrange , she found happiness in the netherlands but lost a close friend who was murdered by a muslim zealot .	结婚后 , 她父亲试图安排 , 她在荷兰发现幸福 , 却失去了一位穆斯林的朋友 。
through them perfectly visible unique mechanism bugatti , built on the principle of a skyscraper , although stories in it are only five .	通过他们完美的独特的机制来看 , 建立在天堂的原则上 , 尽管只有五个故事 。
but the company generally doesn't give to charity ; it doesn't contribute to political campaigns ; it shouldn't be , ideally , doing any of those things .	但是这家公司通常不给慈善 , 没有贡献政治运动 ; 它不应该是 , 理想 , 做任何事情 。
grandma billye , who is now 96 years old , loaned him $100 to start his first business , a fireworks stand he established in the 8th grade .	现在96岁的格兰玛·布莱利斯 , 他在8年级建立了他的第一次业务 , 贷款了他100美元 , 一个火车站在他的8年级 。
shantou city , lake food machinery factory is a professional production of automatic diecutting machine , fengguan machine , polishing machine business .	山东市 , 湖泊食品机械厂是一家专业生产自动监控机械、凤凰机械、邮政机械的专业生产 。
liverpool manager rafael benitez has praised captain steven gerrard for raising his game against the background of rumours of problems with his marriage .	利物浦经理贝菲尔·贝菲尔·贝尼茨提高他的比赛背景 , 提高了他的婚姻的背景 。
the cui madam's viewpoint is quite comprehend , accurate still have some to resent curious li xing asks for for the sake of the peony so much bothersome .	cuimadam的观点是非常复杂的 , 准确的是 , 还有一些明确的清楚的李兴请求为了节省太多的双方 。
this article introduces a design and practice of an enterprise distributing resource planning , illuminates the structure of the drp and implementing technology .	本文介绍了一家企业分布资源计划的设计和实践 , 阐述了一家专业分布资源计划的设计和实现技术 。
renewed efforts are needed to increase support for the " three rurals " , namely the rural economy , rural development and rural demography (	重新努力需要增加 " 三个农村 " 的支持 , 即农村经济、农村发展和农村化 " 的支持 。
the effects of roundtrip optical length fluctuation , assumed to be an ergodic random process , on a fiberoptic ring resonator are analyzed in detail .	详细分析了旋转光长流动的影响 , 假设是一种算法随机流程的算法随机流程 , 对纤维环理论进行了分析 。
this article uses a combination of probabilistic and nonprobabilistic methods to describe the uncertain factors that influence structural reliability analysis .	本文利用概率学和非概率学法 , 描述了影响结构可靠性分析的不确定因素的不确定因素 。
use hoil , hydrogen blocking silicone oil , hexamethyldisiloxane , d4 to synthesized the needed hydrogen silicone oil .	使用hoil , 氢阻塞硅油 , 重金属氧化硅 , d4合成了需要的氢硅油 。
objective to investigate the effects of total saponins of paeonia on trace elements and myocardial ultramicrostructure of dog with acute myocardial infarction .	目的探讨帕隆亚总皂苷对急性心肌梗死的作用及心肌超微结构的影响 。
aim to study on the alterations of t suppressor cell function in patients with ulcerative colitis and crohn's disease and their clinical significance .	目的探讨抑制细胞功能的变化及其临床意义及其临床意义 。
we which return to together care for a tube , vernal equinox elder sister at ordinary times speak nobody too challenge don't listen to .	我们在一起回到一起的管道 , 垂直的老妹在普通时间上说不到挑战的时候 , 没有听到 。
it served in the western and eastern front notably in the battle of normandy , operation " market garden " in holland , and the offensive in ardennes .	它在西方和东方的战斗中 , 在马尔兰的市场花园 , 以及阿森纳的离开 。
the fifth chapter discusses the related problems of the capital city system of liao dynasty , including the relation between zuzhou city and liao shangjing ;	第五章论述了辽东首都城市资本城市的相关问题 , 包括周州市与辽京之间的关系 ;
but president obama's budget director , peter orszag , says republicans are just wrong in their assertions about the president's tax proposals .	但是奥巴马总统预算主任彼得奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统的预算总统奥巴马说 , 共和党人只是担心他们对总统的税收建议 。
force consequently requires solicitation from without: it works blindly: and on account of this defectiveness of form , the content is also limited and accidental .	因此 , 未需的力量要求 , 无论如何 , 工作盲目地:在这种缺陷的情况下 , 内容还有限制和事故 。
she maintains her fashionista reputation by wearing tshirts sporting the avatar from her favorite game and by carrying her personalized avatar coffee mug .	她保持她的时尚主义 , 穿着她最喜欢的游戏 , 通过把她的个人化的咖啡 。
in a book titled mindset: the new psychology of success , stanford psychologist carol dweck gives a name to what i’ve just described .	在一本书中 , 新心理学的新心理学家 , 斯坦福德心理学家卡罗·迪克给我所描述的名字 。
they claim that in order to become any more intelligent the human brain would need vast amounts of extra energy and oxygen – and we simply cannot provide it .	他们宣称 , 为了成为任何更聪明的大脑需要大量外能和氧化能量 , 我们简单不能提供 。
washington jan 22 regulators seized five u . s . banks on friday , driving up the tally in what is expected to be a busy year for bank failures .	华盛顿22日调控机周五在华盛顿22日发布了5个美国银行的投资者 , 在预计将成为银行失败的一年 。
the international energy agency expects global oil demand to grow by just 400 , 000 barrels a day this year , to 86 . 5 million barrels a day .	国际能源机构预计 , 今年全球石油需求只有400万桶 , 每天增长到86.5亿桶 。
tv news brands are also heavily visited by nonprint newspaper readers , underscoring the importance of sight , sound and motion to the digital news experience .	电视新闻品牌也是由非印刷报纸读者的重视访问 , 认识了光、声音和动作经验的重要性 。
in morerecent public comments , mr . wen has pledged to maintain foreign business confidence in china and to meet more regularly with international executives .	最近的公众评论 , 温家先生在中国保持外国商业信心 , 并且与国际执行人相比 , 经常会满足更多的外国企业信心 。
if the timer expires before data in the segment is acknowledged , tcp assumes that the segment has lost or being damaged , and a retransmission is sent .	如果在部分数据中被称为 " 时器 " 的数据之前 , tcp假设部分失去或损坏 , 并发送回报 。
because it returns a result with nominal nanosecond resolution , it's natural to think that it has the same accuracy and precision limitations as system . nanotime .	由于它返回了一个结果 , 纳米秒解决方案 , 自然认为它具有同样精度和精度的精度和精度限制 。
as a result , threading a perfectly weighted through ball to your striker releases a feeling of achievement more potent than completing a quadratic equation .	结果 , 随着一个结果 , 通过你的前锋发布了一个完整的方程 , 通过一个完成四分方程 , 使得更多的感觉 。
according to the company , it further expanded its production capacity and its combined annual production capacity reached 5 . 57 million tons in december 2008 .	根据该公司 , 进一步扩大其生产能力 , 共同生产能力达到了5.57亿吨的5.57亿吨 。
the simulation indicates that the instrument greatly enhances the measurement accuracy for parameters of l , c and r , and gets better measuring effects .	仿真表明 , 仪器大大大提高了l、c和r的参数参数的参数测量精度 , 并得到更好的测量效果 。
to help the children enter society headon with a positive attitude , everybody is encouraged to help in social building activities within our own campus .	为了帮助孩子进入一个积极的态度 , 每个人都鼓励帮助我们自己的校园里的社会建筑活动 。
the researchers also demonstrated they could split apart an entire community of cultured intestinal microbes and create a " personalized " library of bacterial species .	研究人员还表示 , 他们可以分离整个文化肠镜的整个社区 , 并创建一个个性化的 " 细菌类 " 的个性化图书馆 。
during rehabilitation a locked plate fixation construct still has to be protected from full weight bearing until signs of union are visible on the radiograph .	在重新恢复一个锁定板固定结构中 , 仍然必须保护全重轴承的保护 , 直到联合签署的迹象可见 。
blues also have fitness concerns over michael ballack , but essien moved to ease mourinho's problems by turning out for his country on tuesday .	蓝军还担心迈克尔·布莱克 , 但是西森在周二转移到莫里州的问题 , 通过转移他的国家 。
the attorney for the appealing party and the attorney for the party who won in the lower court file briefs , or written arguments , with the court of appeals .	对于申请党和党的历史学家来说 , 在下课程文件中获得的文件简单 , 或编写论文 , 以及应用程序的课程 。
the inability to demonstrate improvements whether or not they occur will undermine client motivation across the board and deny feedback for meaningfully evolving the process .	可证明改进的可行性是否会导致客户机动作 , 并且在板板上和丹尼反馈进化过程中得到明显的改进 。
the researchers found that handling physical money makes a person less sensitive to physical pain and reduces the distress of being excluded in social situations .	研究人员发现 , 处理物理资金对物理疼痛 , 减少了社会状况的影响 。
by setting chills on the defect locations to isolate the molten iron in those areas from contact with the resin sand , the defects were successfully avoided .	通过设置缺陷位置设置 , 以分离树沙与树脂砂相互接触的模具铁 , 成功地避免了缺陷 。
she created a team culture and work atmosphere in compliance with the reality of zte's handsets , unity , contribution , hard work , smiling services and customer caring .	她创造了一个团队文化和工作氛围 , 与zte的手握、统一、贡献、努力的工作、微笑服务和客户汽车 。
" we don't think things have changed from last week to this week , " schuchat stressed , explaining the importance of looking beyond those lab counts .	" 我们不认为上周没有改变的事情 , " chuchat紧张 , 解释了那些劳动国家的重要性 。
now that youth has ebbed and i am stranded on the bank , i can hear the deep music of all things , and the sky opens to me its heart of stars .	现在 , 青少年已经被埋在银行上 , 我可以听到所有东西的深刻音乐 , 并且天空打开了星的心 。
it was a battle of attrition for saina against an opponent to whom she had lost four times and won just once — that too way back in 2010 — previously .	这是一场战斗 , 在2010年 , 前来 , 她已经失去了四次 , 赢得了一次 , 再次回来了 。
“i’d been wanting to have a child for a really long time , but i wasn’t trying , just put it like that , ” madonna says . “it was one of those weird surprises .	马德纳说: " 我一直想有一个孩子很长的时间 , 但是我没有试着试图 , 只是把它放在那里 , " 这是那些怪物之一 。 "
through the multilevel organic matrix mesh in the bone particles , it indicates that the mineral phase is related to the organic matrix in corallium elatius .	通过多层有机矩阵在骨粒子中 , 指出矿相与玉米有机矩阵相关 。
results 32 patients have false positive results , including 11 with autonomic imbalance , 9 with hypertension , 6 with diabetes and 6 with other disease .	结果32例患者有良好的效果 , 包括11例自动的平衡 , 高压 , 6例糖尿病和6例糖尿病 。
another tale , never proven , was that papanoida's interest in eekway was strictly familial , and that the senator had blood ties to the enigmatic baron .	另外一个任务从来没有证明 , 帕诺迪娜的利益严格被严格的家庭 , 参议员们已经血液到了巨大的巴伦 。
according to the improvement results , then some feasible ways for ineffective dmus are put forth , which provides a reference base of making decision and scientific management .	根据改进结果 , 提出了有效的dms的有效途径 , 给出了一种有效的决策和科学管理的参考基础 。
the same effect happened with google maps . when the company trimmed the 120kb page size down by about 30 percent , the company started getting about 30 percent more map requests .	同样的效果与谷歌地图发生了同样的效果 , 当公司试图通过大约30%的120kb页面大小的时候 , 公司开始了约30%的地图请求 。
later , zhen yini also persuaded the guardian , to get girls , with sincerity and sincerity to impress her , and not to fiddle with the application of non .	后来 , 郑贤同时也表示了卫生 , 得到女孩 , 坚强和坚强 , 强烈地抑制她 , 并且不会用非 。
this method even allows you to modify the authentication rules on the fly , because all pamaware programs start applying the new rules without the need for any changes in their code .	这种方法甚至允许您在飞行上修改实现规则 , 因为所有pamaware程序都开始应用新规则 , 没有需要更改的任何改变 。
but i sat silent in my hill , the barbarians still came in their thousands , and there were few who dared to wield excalibur , knowing that they would surely die .	但是我在山上看到沉默 , 巴勒比亚人仍然在他们数千上万 , 而且有几个人敢敢死 , 知道他们肯定会死 。
so threequarterlength sleeves in tops and cardigans are a wonderful way to conceal the fuller upper arm and upper body , but also bare some skin at same time .	因此 , 在顶部和心脏组织的三分之三是一种非常有趣的方法 , 同时 , 同时也是一个更高的手臂和身体 , 而且还没有一些皮肤 。
after the introduction of some related concepts , the application of workflow technology in integrated business support system of guangdong telecom was focused on .	介绍了一些相关概念的概念之后 , 重点介绍了广东电子商务支持系统的应用 。
although tom was aware that it would be to display annoyance publicly at the sales conference , he could not his irritation with the client's unreasonable demands .	尽管汤姆意识到 , 尽管汤姆将在销售会上显示注意 , 但是他不能与客户的合理需求不合理的情况下 , 他也不能与他的同意 。
this was an excellent opportunity for the opposition papers , which immediately attacked the governor for what they called his illegal interference and his brutality .	这是一个优秀的机会 , 立即攻击了他们所谓的非法干扰和他的腐败性的机会 。
looking for transiting extrasolar planets is analogous to pallé and colleagues' technique — using the moon as a mirror to watch earth transit the sun .	寻找转移外星星系 , 对于巴勒和同事的技术来说 , 使用月亮作为一个镜头转移太阳的镜头 。
the flames filled this building ; it was a perfect furnace ; the door was burned , the floor was burned , the wooden christ was not burned .	火焰填充了这个建筑 , 是一个完美的炉 , 门被烧伤 , 门被烧毁 , 木材基督没有烧伤 。
individual members of fecdb frequently answer this call to arms and participate in statewide petition drives to put various propositions on the ballot .	个人成员通常回答这个叫做 " 武装 " 和参加国家的宠物驱动驱动器 , 将各种建议放在球上 。
more importantly , how can you accurately assess you are iterating down the right path for your product and company success , and not simply digging further in a rat hole ?	更重要的是 , 你怎么可以准确地评估你是否正确的产品和公司成功的正确路径 , 而且不仅仅仅是在大小洞内进行进一步挖掘 。
public speaking has fringe benefits too . it is a confidence booster and empowers the speaker if he successfully gets his audience agree with him .	如果他成功地获得他的观众同意 , 公众演讲者也有很好的效益 。
nowhere is this more relevant than in the fastmoving world of it , where your work speaks for itself and ivy league letters after your name are no match for your hacking abilities .	现在 , 这里比它快速的世界上更有关 , 您的工作讲述了自己和ivy联盟信件后 , 没有匹配您的攻击能力 。
that said , there is a lot of story that is still being explored and left to explore . to diminish that story to only being about arthas and the lich king is a bit shortsighted .	这说 , 有很多故事 , 仍然是探索和离开的故事 , 使故事只是只有关阿拉斯和李克王的故事很短 。
socialist market economic system has been gradually set up , the higher education system is under reform , knowledgebased economic age is coming , and education service is open...	社会主义市场经济体系逐步建立 , 高等教育体系正在改革、知识经济年龄的改革、知识经济体系 , 并开放教育服务 。
indeed , the threats that the lnc is already issuing should give the international community doubts about its readiness to lead in democratic government .	实际上 , lnc已经发布了国际社区的威胁 , 应该给予国际社区的疑问 , 导致民主政府的准备 。
nowadays , the policy of mandate construction supervision has been widely accepted by the society following the obvious achievements it made in the past years .	目前 , 人工建筑监督的政策已经广泛接受了社会跟随着过去几年的明显成就 。
most mainlanders who suffer from depression do not get proper treatment due to a lack of psychiatrists and public prejudice , mental health professionals said .	大多数来自抑郁症患者不会获得适当的治疗 , 因为缺乏精神病毒和公众预防 , 心理健康专业人员说 。
the interactive multimodels method was also discussed , which is implemented of the uniform and " currently " accelerated motion model for the maneuvering target modeling .	讨论了互动多模块方法 , 实现了统一和 " 目前 " 加速运动模型 , 加速运动模型 。
method: the teaching of moist burn medicine includes medical knowledge , diagnosis , medical skills , review course and assessment and test .	方法:本课程包括医学知识、诊断、医学技能、评估和测试 。
it has been a growing concern in the printing industry that if can we use densitometry to measure and control spot color ink or not when considering printing process control .	在印刷工业中 , 它是一个关注的关注 , 如果我们可以使用密度测量和控制点颜色 , 或不考虑印刷过程控制的问题 。
in the yangcheng sanbao 500kv ehv transmission lines , a fixed series capacitorwas used to increase the power energy transmitted through the lines .	在杨昌市三宝500kvehv传输线中 , 使用固定的系列电容器使用来提高电源传输的能量 。
the lusitania and the titanic are often thought of as sister vessels ; they in fact belonged to two separate owners , but the error is understandable .	路易斯坦尼亚和泰坦尼亚经常被认为是姐妹船的想法 ; 他们属于两个独立的主人 , 但是错误也很明白 。
but the current h1n1 pandemic flu has really made this very evident so far , people have passed the flu virus on to pigs , turkeys and ferrets .	但是当前的h1n1病毒流感真的真正使得这种非常明显 , 人们已经通过流感病毒去猪 , 土耳其和牛肉 。
the anglers fishing with myself were competing with glanville's anglers for the most fish in a day record , trying to beat the 28 fish from the previous day .	随着我自己的角色鱼在一天 , 大多数钓鱼 , 试图从前一天到达28艘鱼 。
bill gates sr . , 83 years old , is now cochair of his son's $30 billion philanthropy , the bill &melinda gates foundation .	比尔盖茨sr.83岁 , 现在他的儿子的教练30亿美元的菲律宾 , 比尔林达盖茨基金会 。
and it's not just developers . as the blurb to tim o'reilly's opening remarks suggests , tim mentions the importance of users to open source .	这并不仅是开发人员 , 因为blurb到timorely的开放显示 , 提示用户的重要性 。
beijing still grieving the deaths of tens of thousands , china has sketched the first blueprints for rebuilding after last week's earthquake .	北京仍然花了千上万的死亡 , 中国已经在上周的地震重建第一个蓝印刷 。
in this paper , a new method combining target transformation factor analysis and spectral library searching was developed for qualitative analysis of mixture from ir da ta .	本文建立了一种新的目标转换因子分析和光谱图书馆搜索方法 , 建立了一种从铁塔混合材料的质量分析方法 。
the reason is that a knowledge base with sound structure and complete content directly influences the inference speed and the validity of result in expert systems .	原因是 , 一种知识基础 , 直接影响引发速度和专家系统的有效性 。
the experimental results showed that the liquefaction extent enhanced with the increase of liquefaction temperature , catalyst dosage , and liquidsolid ratio .	实验结果表明 , 液化效率提高了液化温度、催化剂剂量、液化剂量和液相比 。
at first , research the nature of the ice in the songhua river water system , the resistance performance of the icebreaker , and then , study the propulsion performance of icebreaker .	首先 , 研究了宋华河水系统中的冰川冰川水系统的性能 , 冰崩溃器的耐力性能 , 然后研究了冰崩溃器的爆炸性能 。
strapped city , state , and federal technology departments have been some of the organizations most enchanted by the quick turnarounds the cloud promises .	紧张的城市 , 国家和联邦技术部门已被一些迅速的土耳其周围的云计划所引起的一些组织 。
it was the kind of card that comes in an inexpensive assortment box sold by a child going doortodoor to try to earn money for a school project .	这是一个孩子们去做门托多多多多多多多多多多多多多多元的钱 , 为了学校项目赚钱 。
much less whey drains out of yogurt made from certain strains of lactic acid bacteria that can convert sugars into long starchlike molecules .	大多数无论是否从某些乳酸酸酸细菌中制成的瑜伽 , 它们可以转化糖分子 。
during the planned economy period , a set of production areas and residential units as a whole community , which is built to meet the need of country construction .	在计划经济时期 , 一个生产地区和居民单位作为整个社区 , 建立了全国建设的需要 。
the american plan also meets stern's other prescriptions for an effective green stimulus a concentration on building efficiency and renewable energy .	美国计划还遇到西方的其他预言 , 为了有效的绿色刺激一个集中在建筑效率和可再生能源的集中 。
in japan , lu hsun is the most notable chinese writer whose work 'hometown' is referred to as the required textbook among the japanese students .	在日本 , lusun是日本最可注意的中国作家 " 的作家 " 认为 , 作为日本学生所需的文本书 。
it simply discusses the features of agile methodology , and compares it with traditionary software developing methods , introduces a few agile methodologies mo .	简单地讨论了敏捷方法学的特点 , 并与传统软件开发方法相比 , 介绍了一些敏捷的方法 。
the hardening treatment , relief of symptoms in patients with the recent rate of 100% , cysts significantly reduced or disappeared .	最近100% , 肿瘤的治疗 , 减少症状的减少 , 肿瘤显著降低或失踪 。
the operation of system is simple , quick and stabilization , and its maintenance is convenient , interface is friendly , it is helpful for its popularizations and applications .	系统的操作简单 , 快速、稳定性 , 维护方便 , 接口方便 , 具有利于它的流行和应用 。
" u . s . academics and intelligence analysts have consistently underestimated the rate of chinese progress both economically and technologically , " he said .	他说: " 美国的学术和智能分析师们一直认为 , 中国进步的速度和技术上都是经济进步的 。 "
alpha thalassaemia , an inherited condition , is common in many areas of the world where malaria is endemic , particularly africa and southeast asia .	阿尔菲亚 , 阿尔菲亚 , 另一条条条条件 , 是世界上许多地区 , 尤其是非洲 , 尤其是东南亚 。
objective to introduce the classification about ct signs of primary brainstem injury and investigate it's value in the diagnosis and prognosis .	目的介绍主要脑损伤ct信号的分类 , 并探讨其诊断和预后诊断中的价值 。
simulation and experiment on the piezoceramic actuator show that the proposed model to describe the behavior of piezoceramic actuator is effective .	仿真和实验表明 , 建议模型描述了pizocamic活动器的行为行为 。
austenite phase is dominant in gtaw joint microstructure and the lowtemperature impact toughness of gtaw joint is better than that of smaw joint .	混凝土相位是gtaw联合微结构的主导阶段 , 低温对gtaw连接的强度的影响较好 。
don't center your life around children and grandchildren . do look for your own social circles . this way , you won't be disappointed with too many expectations .	不要在孩子们和孙子们的生活中心 , 寻找你自己的社会环境 , 这样 , 你就不会失望太多的期望 。
the amount of the portion of the effective hedging shall be confirmed in accordance with the absolute amounts of the following items whichever is lower .	根据有效的条件 , 根据有效的条件 , 应当根据有效的条件下的绝对数量 , 确定有效的条件 。
the government information resources access and publicity is an important measure to build and strengthen the egovernment and serviceoriented government .	政府信息资源访问和公众是建立和加强政府的重要措施 。
the cloths of service, to do service in the holy place, the holy garments for aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office .	服务的衣服 , 为了在圣诞的地方 , 圣洁的服装 , 以及他的儿子的衣服 , 为了在祭司的办公室部长 。
the influence factors on surface curing time of silicone rubber release agent vulcanized at room temperature were analyzed by experiments .	通过实验 , 分析了硅橡胶橡胶的表面切削时间对空间温度的影响因素 。
methods: data about biological feedback therapy and nursing care in 30 cases with pelvic floor functional constipation were reviewed and analyzed .	方法:回顾性:对30例心理功能预测的生物反馈治疗和护理的数据进行综述 , 并分析了30例心理功能的疗效 。
according to the law of attraction , a powerful intent made up of clear , pure and focused thoughts will start to attract the very essence of your desires .	根据吸引法 , 由于清晰、纯粹和焦点的思想开始吸引你的精神的精神 。
to reconstruct the 3dimensioanal image of heart and the region of myocardial ischemia from 2dimensioanal tomogram of electron beam ct .	为了重建心肌缺血和心肌缺血区心肌缺血的3维免疫图像 。
tone down the loop count on the previous example , add set x to the beginning of the script as well as a comment , and execute it , as shown in listing 12 .	下面的例子 , 添加x到脚本的开始和一个评论 , 并执行它 , 如清单12所示 , 如清单12所示 。
this study was undertaken to use a foodfrequency instrument for dietary caffeine consumption to evaluate the relationship between caffeine intake and liver fibrosis .	本研究旨在利用食品频率仪测量食品咖啡因消耗的食品频率仪器 , 以评估咖啡因蛋白和肝纤维化之间的关系 。
application integration brings together multiple applications and information sources without the user directly invoking them ; it focuses on the relationship between applications and data .	应用程序集成带来了多个应用程序和信息源 , 直接引入用户直接引入它们 , 重点在应用程序和数据之间的关系 。
and the countries seen as most vulnerable to climate change are all poor: they include somalia , burundi , niger , eritrea , afghanistan and chad .	同时 , 大多数人看到气候变化的国家都是贫困的:它们包括somalia、burundrii、niitger、eritrea、阿富汗和查德 。
global banking profits are now approaching their 2007 precrisis peak , but the divergence between growing and stagnant markets is becoming increasingly stark .	全球银行利润现在在2007年的预期上升 , 但是在增长和稳定市场之间的长期和稳定市场的差异越来越明星 。
in addition , fda can initiate a mandatory recall if the agency determines that an adulterated or misbranded infant formula presents a risk to human health .	此外 , fda可以创建一个管理回顾 , 如果机构确定一个调制或错误的婴儿公式给人类健康带带来的风险 。
danton was a headstrong firebrand , a swashbuckling political showman with a prodigious memory , whose spectacular oratory held audiences in thrall .	丹丹登是一个强烈的火灾 , 一个令人惊叹的政治演员 , 他的观众在西拉举行的观众 。
international popular style interface , many commercial software are used , is the beginning of an incredible 14 years since a young foreign hands .	国际流行风格接口 , 许多商业软件使用 , 是从年轻的外国手开始的一个难以置信的14年 。
the parenteral hyperalimentation therapy is a safe and effective method for severe ulcerative colitis patients , and it can improve the histology of patients .	父母高化治疗是严重的溃疡性溃疡性溃疡病人的安全有效方法 , 可提高病人的历史学 。
the line's clean forms are associated with high quality technical solutions for water control , from taps to mixers , from diverters to shower heads and spouts .	线的清洁形式与高质量的技术解决方案相关 , 从任务到混合器 , 从而显示头部和输出 。
the data structure in jpeg2000 compressed domain is firstly analyzed . the concept of information tree and a novel treedistance measurement are then proposed .	首先对jpeg2000压缩域的数据结构进行了分析 , 提出了信息树的概念 , 并提出了一种新型的抗抗抗抗力测量 。
although pain , i would effort perfect my life , will not be ungrateful to you of love , will not be ungrateful to you with i play 10 year play hideandseek of with patience .	尽管痛苦 , 我会努力完善我的生命 , 不会对你爱 , 无法与你一起玩10年的热情 。
chateau la ragotiereshining pearl of the french garden , running by wellknown aristocracy generations of the three brothers goile at nantes .	查德华拉戈尔在法国花园运行的法国花园 , 由三代著名的阿富汗一代著名的一代 。
how to construct implementation and management system of course design is the premise and ensurance of carrying out course design systematically and training comprehensive applicative talents .	如何建设课程设计的实现和管理系统 , 是设计过程设计的前提和保障 , 系统地设计和培训全面的适用人才 。
albanese will now lead a charm offensive to try to win round individual institutions and secure the simple majority necessary to approve the deal .	阿尔巴尼现在将导致一个挑战 , 试图获得个人机构 , 并安全最简单的大部分要求来批准这个交易 。
in a speech at a police college , zuma conceded that south africa had one of the highest murder rates in the world , with 18 , 000 killings last year .	在一名警方大学的演讲中 , 张大学认为 , 南非最高的谋杀率是世界上最高的18 , 000人杀死 。
thailand's police found over 920 , 000 amphetamine tablets on board the boats , plying between china's yunnan province and the thai port .	泰国警察发现 , 大约920 , 000名陶瓷桌子在船上发现 , 中国云南省和泰国港之间 。
sending troops to central africa to meddle in an utterly murky conflict is a symptom that the interventionist addiction is growing worse .	发送军队向中非发送军队 , 直到穆斯基冲突中 , 是一个交易者增长的症状 。
the testing results proved that the qh4 saving energy coasting device has a remarkable fuel—saving effect to any model of motor vehicles and at any road condition .	试验结果表明 , qh4节省能源沿岸设备具有显著的燃料 , 使其在任何路径条件下有任何模型的任何模型 。
that approach to the clivus is slightly oblique , but can provide as wide an exposure as is achieved with the approaches involving a bilateral maxillotomy .	这种方法是很轻易的 , 但是可以提供广泛的曝光 , 如此 , 通过两边矩阵来实现的方法来达到广泛的曝光 。
the three realized that man was the key to victory in the war against heaven , and thus altered their rigid agendum that they had propagated since the beginning .	三个意识到 , 人类是对天战争的关键 , 因此 , 因此他们已经开始了 , 开始了 。
cubic's simulation systems division , based in orlando , produces and manufactures est 2000 , including its realistic and robust simulated weapons .	公众的仿真系统分配 , 基于岛屿 , 生产和制造的2000年 , 包括其实际和最大的模拟武器 。
the basic thought of floor arrangement , influencing factors and basic arrangement method are proposed to bring regulation for floor structure arrangement .	提出了地面安排、影响因素和基本安排方法的基本思想 , 给出了对地面安排的规定 。
the scale of the economic crisis is far larger and many more americans recognise that rootandbranch reforms rather than temporary repairs are required .	经济危机的范围远大 , 许多美国人认识到根本品牌改革的改革 , 比当代修改更需要更多的美国人 。
the government will not only make the " pie " of social wealth bigger by developing the economy , but also distribute it on the basis of a rational income distribution system .	政府不仅会使 " 社会财富 " 的 " 形成经济 , 同时也分布了合理收入体系的基础 。
the refreshing time of asparagus reached 1824 days after treatment of two pressurization at the pressure of 250mpa with the operation time of 15min .	在治疗250-5分钟的压力下 , 奥巴马的新鲜时间达到了1824天的1824天 。
it's a solid little slab with a similarlooking plastic front and rubberized texture as the $79 nontouch model , but with fewer buttons .	这是一个相似的塑料前面和橡胶纺织物的固体滑动 , 比如79美元的非触摸模型 , 但是几个按钮 。
because our team needed users to connect to a database and set up multiple jboss containers , we used panels to prompt users for sitespecific information .	由于我们的团队需要连接数据库并设置多个jbos包含器人 , 我们使用panel来提示用户的特定信息 。
“on first glance , these interactions of light and particles looks like magic , ” she says . “these polar molecules are the pinnacle of quantum optics . ”	她说: " 第一次光和粒子的互动看起来像魔术 , " 她说 , " 极性分子是量子光学的pincnac 。 "
this wicked king , claudius , was going to capitalize on the grief and anger of laertes for the death of his father and sister to destroy hamlet .	这个伤害的王 , 克劳迪斯 , 正在努力在他的父亲和姐妹的死亡上和愤怒 , 他的父亲死亡 。
conclusion we could found the circumferential margin infiltration by observing pathologic large slice objectively and exactly . it should be a routine examination after operation .	结论我们可以发现 , 通过观察病理大滑动病理大 , 实际上 , 应该是一个路由检查 。
there were no casualties on the ground , a salt marsh , when the exploded remnants of the jet fell some distance away from the neifu airport in puchengcounty .	在地面上 , 盐标志的时候 , 当jet的爆炸中 , 将某些距离从浦东县的尼太阳机场的时候 , 没有必要的意思 。
china has gone through similar experience of the ldcs in fighting poverty and pursuing development , and we fully appreciate the hardship and difficulties they face .	中国经过类似的经验 , 在战斗贫困和追求发展中 , 我们充分欣赏了艰苦和困难 。
the format of the data to be exchanged between client and service is defined in terms of the xml the xml schema for the online coffee service is shown in listing 1 .	将数据的格式交换到客户和服务之间的数据交换为xml的xml模式 , 显示在线咖啡服务中的xml模式 。
second question , it is reported that some us media accused chinese hackers of hacking into pentagon's network and compromising information about us fighter jets .	第二个问题报道 , 一些美国媒体指出 , 黑龙网络和编制信息 , 并对我们的战斗机jets进行比较 。
the average south african , for example , definitely shouldn tbe paleskinned only 9 . 2 per cent of the population define themselves as white .	例如 , 平均南非人口平均 , 只有9.2%的人口定义自己的白色 。
except for sea buckthorn fruit is rich in protein , fat and carbohydrates , there are a variety of essential vitamins and minerals .	除了海鲜的果实 , 蛋白、脂肪和碳酸盐 , 有各种基本的维生素和矿物 。
employee job satisfaction can be explained respectively the company turnover intention , job performance with the variability of 49 . 38% , 58 . 46% .	员工满意度可以分别解公司转向注意力 , 与49.38.38%的变化 , 58.46%的工作性能 。
owen paid tribute to a performance in which the youngster scored , hit the post and forced an outstanding save from roberto abbondanzieri with an audacious lob .	允许支付到一个年轻人扫描的年轻人 , 收藏邮件 , 并从罗伯托阿伯托阿伯伯托阿伯伯伯伯托·阿富利亚里和一个美妙的伦比 。
civilianized journalism appeared in the early 20th century and grew in the 1920's . the impulse is the changes on the systems of politics and economy .	1920世纪初 , 民事化的记者出现了20世纪初期和绿色 , 是政治和经济的变化 。
methods by means of bicolour fluorescence and flow cytometry analysis , the results were compared during different layout time , hemolysis time and washing time .	方法采用双色荧光和流动周期分析方法 , 比较了不同层次、热解时间和洗涤时间的结果 。
fate has conspired to rob us of two world class goalkeepers , our inspirational leader jt , inform winger arjen robben and influential midfielder joe cole .	战斗已经考虑了两个世界课程目标者 , 我们的激励领导jt , 在wingerjajenroben和影响中场jelcole 。
it is widely used in car audio and video , tac machine , intelligent meter , solar power , electric car , electric power tool and military applications etc .	广泛应用于汽车和视频、任务机、智能机、太阳能、太阳能、电力、电力、电力、电力、军事应用等 。
jamie wilson , of simplyhealth , said: " committing just half an hour a month to helping someone else can make a real difference to your life as well as theirs。	杰米·威尔森说: " 只有一半个月才能帮助某些人才能做出一个真正的差异 , 以及他们的生活 。
given our duty to safeguard public health , the tendency of officials facing such a situation is nearly always to err on the side of caution .	给予我们的职责安全公共卫生 , 官员面对这样一个状况 , 几乎总是错误 。
china has worked for more agreement among the emerging markets and developing countries on the reforms to increase the representation for developing countries in the ifi's .	中国在加强市场和发展中国家的更多协议 , 提高改革的代表 , 提高了发展中国家的代表 。
发言的参议员有萨姆 . 纳恩、约翰 . 格伦、恰克 . 罗伯、乔 . 利伯曼、约翰 . 布鲁、杰伊 . 洛克菲勒和艾尔 . 戈尔。	'''' , ' , ' , ' , ’ , ’ , ’ , ’ , ’ , ’ , ’ , ’ , ’ , ’ 。
that could be because doctors are more nervous about the effects if flu on pregnant women and are more likely to admit them , but the death rate among pregnant women is high .	这可能是因为医生更有可能是因为医生对妊娠妇女的影响 , 并且更有可能承认他们 , 但孕妇死亡率较高 。
funny once , my friend . ) some jokes count on jadedness in order to be funny , just as many arty films only appeal to a jaded audience .	曾经 , 我的朋友们一次 , 就像许多阿森纳电影只能看到一名杰德的观众 。
more resistance was encountered when we sought to install the 6th warden first as professor of physics at stockholm university , then as rector .	更多的抵抗是 , 当我们想要安装第六个战争首先安装的时候 , 作为斯克霍尔姆大学的物理学教授 , 然后重新记录 。
i know that its best to be safe verses sorry , but i don't think that there has been one single case in history , where a bomb threat was called in and a bomb went off .	我知道它最好的是安全的版本 , 但是我不认为 , 在历史上有一个单个病例 , 一个炸弹威胁被称为 " 炸弹 " 。
this could mean different things for different members of the spy ring , says mikhail lyubimov , a retired colonel of the kgb and a renowned cold war spy .	这可能意味着不同的东西 , 西班牙环的不同成员 , 迈克哈尔·利波夫说 , 一个被称为冷战 。
they also found almost no difference between methods in male and female workers , suggesting that careerdriven women were just as “competitive” during salary negotiations .	他们还发现 , 男性和女性工人之间的方法几乎没有差异 , 建议职业驱动妇女只是 " 竞争性 " 。
ita software definitely has “the right connections in north america , ” daniello says , while “we [amadeus] have ours in europe and asia . ”	意大利软件确实有 " 美国北美的权利连接 " , " 丹尼尔洛说 , " 我们在欧洲和亚洲拥有了我们的 " 欧洲 " 。
natural calamities , such as floods , tropical cyclones , tornadoes and tidal bores occur here almost every year — with tragic results .	自然气候 , 如洪水 , 热带循环 , 农村和老板都发生在这里几乎每年都有悲剧的结果 。
soap <> cobol nonxml transformations can be developed with ibm websphere transformation extender to perform the message mapping within the gateway’s processing policy .	sap>cobol非xml转换可以与ibmwebsphere转换器开发 , 以便在网络处理策略中执行消息映射 。
these morphological changes were few in the group 2 . conclusion: hbo combined with nimodipine and music had great restorative effect on hyperirritability icvd .	这些形态学变化在2.结论:与nimimimimimimipine结合的hbo结合和音乐有较大的恢复效果 。
combined with the practical exploration approaching , the stability of surrounding rock is computed using the earthquake wave achieved prom he cite .	结合实际探索方法 , 利用地震波的稳定性计算了地震波的稳定性 。
while there are many practical and political difficulties of afforestation of regions this large , the benefits could be enormous and go well beyond carbon sequestration .	虽然有许多实用和政治困难 , 但这大地区的利益可能是巨大的 , 更好的碳质序列 。
for example , some new: the introduction of modern " science " and " democracy " etc , the meaning from the traditional chinese , is completely different words .	例如 , 有些新闻:现代 " 科学 " 和 " 民主 " 等等 , 传统中文的意义完全不同 。
drive gear , made use of alloy steel forging , lubricating oil pump spray , extend gear life and ensure longterm printing chromatic precision .	驱动齿轮 , 采用合金钢锻炼 , 润滑油泵喷雾 , 延伸齿轮寿命 , 保证长期印刷染色精度 。
the famous picture of " riverside scene at qingming festival " will also make its appearance in the china pavilion to illustrate the charms of ancient chinese cities .	清明节著名的 " 河流景 " 的著名图片 , 也将在中国旅游到中国古代城市的魅力展示 。
in the enjoying , the conquest of this knowledge is renewed every time it is exercised , the power it yields always being directed toward its jouissance .	在享受享受的时候 , 这个知识的结果每次都会恢复 , 所以它的权力总是直接向它的欢乐 。
it is unchristian to believe that an end can justify the means . even the kingdom of god is not a good enough end to justify any means that causes harm to people .	无论是基督徒相信 , 结束才能才能证明上帝的王国 , 甚至没有足够的结束才能才能证实任何意思 , 造成危害的人 。
a study is carried out on a hypersonic inlet with rectangulartocircular shape transition and forebody using numerical simulation and high enthalpy wind tunnel test .	通过数值模拟和高能源风隧道测试 , 研究了一种与转向形状转换和福体的超声环境内的超声电子输入器人 。
result both mutanolysin and lysozyme could successfully lyse the wall of bifidobacterium and extract the plasmid from bifidobacterium .	结果 , 两种多糖蛋白和淋巴酶可以成功地降低bidob细菌的墙壁 , 并从bifob细菌中提取的塑料 。
aim: to study the efficacy and safety of entacapone as an adjunct to levodopa treatment in parkinsonian patients with wearingoff motor fluctuations .	目的:探讨手机安全性 , 作为治疗帕金森患者的腹腔炎患者的腹腔炎患者的防治和安全性 。
the idea is proposed that the flow characteristic of electronic expansion valve should adapt to superheat gain to refrigerant flow rate under different evaporation temperature .	提出了电子膨胀阀的流动特性 , 应适应超热加热 , 适用于不同蒸发温度下的流动速度 。
11 and solomon gave hiram twenty thousand cors of wheat as food for his household , in addition to twenty thousand baths , of pressed olive oil .	111和slomonvehiram2万个小麦作为食物的食物 , 除了2万个浴缸 , 还有两千个浴缸 , 压力橄榄油 。
li decided to sponsor a number of disadvantaged pupils in gansu under the euchina basic education project running in the province since 2001 .	李决定在2001年以来 , 自2001年以来 , 在甘肃基本教育项目下 , 很多缺点 。
objective to evaluate the clinical efficacy and toxicity of cef as the neoadjuvant chemotherapy regimen in the treatment of locally advanced breast cancer .	目的评价cef的临床效果和毒性 , 作为当地先进乳腺癌的新型化疗治疗中 , 临床疗效及毒性 。
to strengthen the organization and coordination , strengthen the service consciousness , and further intensify promote the development of medicine industry strength .	为了加强医药业的组织和协调 , 加强服务意识 , 进一步提高医药业的发展 。
the jets were viewable in the animated segment one on either side of an indiantricolour symbol to celebrate the 70 years of the country's independence .	这个jets可以看到 , 在印度工业象征的另一个方面 , 以庆祝70年的独立性 。
automobile , big and small freight vehicle , box vehicle , sightseeing bus , no matter is the private car or the company vehicle may shanghai loan .	汽车、大型、小型战斗车辆、箱子车辆、照明车辆 , 无论是私人汽车或公司的车辆都是上海贷款 。
in addition to physical changes to the touchscreen , the technology of the touchscreen also ushered in a new wave of software interaction on mobile devices .	除了物理变化为触摸屏 , 触摸屏的技术也在移动设备上使用了一种新的软件互动 。
crepes suzette with mixed fruit , choice toppig blueberry sauce , chocolate sauce , strawberry sauce , pineapple sauce , mango sauce .	用混合水果 , 选择蓝莓酱 , 巧克力酱 , 草莓酱 , 菠萝酱 , 芒果酱 。
however , the development of chinese silk industry is facing allround challenges including diversification of fibers , companies' competition in outside world and developing countries .	然而 , 中国银行业的发展面临着全面的挑战 , 包括纤维、企业的多样化、企业竞争在外部和发展中国家 。
they were quite different in chloroplast membrane structures , pigment protein complexes , the content of electron trans port components and photosynthetic functions .	他们在慢性膜膜结构中很不同 , 皮质蛋白质复杂 , 电子传输部件和照片合成功能 。
to explore the safety of modified type tatvp3 fusion protein , and the efficacy of modified fusion protein type of tatvp3 to immune system .	为了探讨改进类型的tatvp3混合蛋白的安全性 , 改进的融合蛋白质类型的有效性 。
the effect of the significant parameters on the stability of the large diameter cylinder quay of the piled wall type is investigated through numerical calculation .	通过数值计算 , 研究了大尺尺尺寸圆柱柱的稳定参数对桩壁类型的稳定性 。
some of you may do nothing at all . believe it or not , there are millionaires and billionaires among us who masquerade as relatively normal , moneyconscious people .	有些人可能没有任何事情 , 相信它还没有 , 还有数百万的公平和百万公平之间的人们都有相对正常的 , 金钱意识的人 。
the former army colonel , who seized power of the sparsely populated country in 1969 at the tender age of 27 , had totally reshaped the country in his image .	1969年 , 前军队殖民的力量在1969年 , 曾经在27岁的时代 , 他总是在他的图片中重新重新重新重新了国家 。
steven gerrard today savoured liverpool's derby day victory and insisted the reds are relishing the challenge of winning the race for a top four place .	今天 , 斯蒂芬·杰德德德德拉德今天保存利物浦的德比赛 , 并坚持红军的挑战是减少冠军的四个地方 。
some methods of preventing contamination in the largescale cell culture were introduced including people training , enviromental control , aseptic technique and material management .	介绍了大规模细胞文化中的一些方法 , 包括人类培训、环境控制、保护技术和材料管理的一些方法 。
the left yi doesn't know for the cilia and dragged this hazardous topic , this isn't good , ask for an personality with brutal variety of to come out miserably .	左瑜瑜不知道 , 把这件危险的话题拖下来 , 这并不好 , 请求一个人带来了错误的个性 。
liverpool are on the verge of singing esbjerg youngster nikolaj kohlert on a threeyear deal , according to reports in his native denmark .	据悉 , 利物浦报道 , 利物浦正在唱歌bjer年轻的nikoljajojajajohlert在三年的交易中 , 利物浦正在上面的报道 。
sand street south 18th french credit agricole bank , the sand street south 60 , the anglican communion is neoclassical works .	南18年法国信用农业银行 , 沙街60年 , 桑德街60年 , 橙色通信是邻近的工作 。
college counsellors who work at the front line of ideological and political are the grassroots commanders and educators of the ideological and political work .	大学咨询人员在思想和政治工作前线工作 , 是草地的命令和教育者 , 是思想和政治工作的 。
ct current transformers are instrument transformers used in conjunction with ammeters , control circuits and protective relaying . they usually have 5 ampere secondaries .	电流电流变换器是用来与测量、控制电路和保护相关的仪器转换器 , 通常有5个ampere二年 。
once fully dried , it is left to rest for some days , then in one step the skin , dried fruit flesh , parchment layer and all are torn from the green seed .	一旦完全干燥 , 剩下几天 , 然后在一步的皮肤、干燥的果实 , 公寓层 , 所有都是从绿色种子 。
compared to ordinary noise correction methods , nonlinear fitting with a middle and later impulse response function is more advantageous when snr is relatively low .	与普通噪声正确方法相比 , 非线性适合中间和后期冲击响应函数的非线性适应方法比较 , 同时nr相对较低 。
introduce:xiaogu and mother give maternal father pay respects to sb at his tomb , xiaogu fell into bug hole suddenly in , before returning 10 years .	简介:夏格和母亲给了母亲付出了尊重他的坟墓 , 夏格突然下来 , 回到10年之前 , 回来十年 。
a business process competency center can provide a central repository of information for addressing these needs — and hosting it in the cloud makes it easily accessible .	业务流程综合中心可以为这些需求提供一个中央回应库 , 并在云中保持它很容易访问 。
the results in surface temperature distribution of a reduced scale model from the above calculation com pared with that from experimental measurement are relatively identical .	研究结果表明 , 通过实验测量相对的实验测量 , 降低的尺寸模型的表面温度分布的结果与实验测量相比 。
wollastonite as polymer filler is considered as an important direction to the utilization of wollastonite , which reduces the polymer product cost and improves product performance .	采用聚合物填充器作为木材应用的重要方向 , 降低聚合产品成本和提高产品性能的重要方向 。
in october of two thousand eight , michael pollan wrote a letter to presidentelect barack obama which was published in the new york times magazine .	在十八年10月 , 迈克尔·波尔·波兰写了一封信给总统选举的巴拉克奥巴马 , 这是在纽约时报中发表的 。
" connecting people , quality first " is our tenet , jinze people will be creating continuously to make copetitive products and we invite you passionally to set up the future resplendence .	" 连接人 , 质量第一 " 是我们的十等 , 金津人将继续创造竞争力产品 , 我们邀请您经常建立未来的依赖 。
the results show that: the corundum refractory possesses the best erosionresisting characteristic in the pellet kiln , so it is the most suitable to be applied as lining in this kiln .	结果表明:周边的折射性能具有最好的抗蚀特性 , 最适合于此kiln中最适合的应用 。
to admission the wto , brings opportunity and gauntlet for our country market , credit has become bottleneck of restricting the development of socialism market economy .	为了承诺wto , 带来了我国市场的机会 , 信用已成为我国社会主义市场经济发展的瓶颈 。
during the standoff , six american warships surrounded the seized vessel to ensure the weapons were not taken elsewhere in the volatile region .	在稳定期间 , 六个美国战舰周围的船舶 , 保证武器不在火山区的地方 。
hybrid characters obviously show maternal heterosis , fruit setting date , fruit size and color if hybrid population all tend to follow the femal parent .	混合特征明显显显显显显显显显显显显显显显显显显显显显显显显显显示 , 果实的时间、果实尺寸和颜色 。
but even if weighing costs against benefits does not entirely answer the question of what should be done about climate change , it is an essential part of the answer .	但是 , 即使在反对气候变化的情况下 , 反对效益不完全回答气候变化的问题 , 这是答案的一个重要部分 。
the utility model has novel structure , and is tough and durable , as well as is in particular applicable for the repairmen of various surcharged truck tyres .	本实用新型具有小型结构 , 很难和可持久 , 尤其适用于各种调度卡车类型的修复 。
hailing from the large western region of lithuania known as samogitia , these axemen are amongst the heaviest infantry units available to lithuanian armies .	来自西方地区的西部地区 , 这些毒品在最重大的婴儿中被用来到林南军队 。
analyses the antifriction and noisereducing mechanism of the model , furthermore , it shows the direction and significance of this new concept's study in the fut...	分析了模型的抗定义和噪声机理 , 进一步 , 显示了该概念的方向和意义 。
the left cervical incision was perfoimed for cervical esophageal carcinoma and partial cervicosternotomy was performed for lesion in the upper thoracic segment .	左颈椎切除术对颈椎癌和部分颈椎癌的颈椎癌和颈椎切除术的左颈椎切除术进行切除术 。
slowerthanexpected growth has fueled speculation the federal reserve could launch another round of bond buying to try to drive longterm borrowing costs lower .	缓缓慢的预期增长已经导致联邦储备的预期 , 可能会发射另一轮债券购买 , 试图驱动长期借款成本 。
soil moisture content and its dynamics on road embankment and cutting slope at fixed points were investigated on shaanxi—inner mongolia desert expressway .	研究了固定点的土壤湿润内容及其动力学 , 研究了固定的坡度和切削坡的动力学 。
the american association of university professors says sixtyeight percent of all teacher appointments at american colleges today are adjuncts .	美国大学教授的联合表示 , 今天美国教师在美国大学的六十八%的教师申请比今天都有六十分之一 。
the intelligent electricmagnetic flowmeter , integrating the sensor , converter and integrator onto it , and displaying on the spot , is introduced in the paper .	介绍了智能电磁流量 , 集成传感器、转换器和集成器 , 并对其进行显示 , 并介绍了传感器、传感器和集成器 。
the tribute in light represents the lost twin towers from the world trade center . it displays just one of many memorials to the 9/11 attacks five years ago .	照明中心的三分之一代表了世界贸易中心的失去二塔 , 它只显示了许多记忆之一 , 五年前的攻击 。
we should not entrust important jobs to persons who have made grave mistakes and whose attitude remains bad ; they should be deprived of their current ranks and perquisites .	我们不应该让人信任 , 为了使人失误和谁的态度仍然糟糕 , 它们应该被剥夺到目前的雨水和永远 。
objective to investigate the effect and mechanisms of tumor suppressor gene pten on the induction of anoikis of human bladder transitional carcinoma cells biu87 .	目的探讨肿瘤抑制剂基因pten对人类膀胱癌细胞凋亡的影响及机制 。
its capital was bodoni , and its leader was general pica . the guardian " s phones rang all day as readers sought more information about the idyllic holiday spot . "	它的资本是博德隆尼 , 而它的领导人是普通的皮卡 。 保卫人 " 电话每天都在阅读者的信息 。 "
qcg series conventional canned motor pipeline mounted pumps are used to handle clean water or other liquids similar to water in physical and chemical properties .	采用qcg系列的通用电机管道运动泵 , 用于处理清洁水或其他液体和化学性能 。
unconventional agents such as the agent causing bovine spongiform encephalopathy , is associated with variant creutzfeldtjakob disease in humans .	非常规的代理 , 如同代理引起波波波动发动机弹性心理 , 同时与各种切割性疾病相关 。
by introducing a reducedorder observer to reconstruct the state of the exosystem , the problem of physically realizable of the ootc law can thus be solved .	介绍了一种减少了减少的观察者 , 重建奥运制度的物理可实现的状态 , 所以可以解决 。
an approach is proposed to discretize continuous intervalvalued attributes in rough set theory . the approach is characterized by emphasizing classseparability in discretization .	提出了一种基于粗糙集理论的连续间评价属性 , 提出了一种基于集合理论的方法 , 重点利用分散性来分散的方法 。
the air defence systems on display at airshow china in november showed a strong emphasis on deployable , multifunctional weapons with the export market firmly in mind .	今年1月 , 空中防御系统展示了中国的空气防御体系 , 显示了一个很强的关注 , 多功能的武器和出口市场 。
rabies patient should protect processing in the quiet environment court eunuch , may use the tranquilizer to reduce patient's spasm , paralysis and the ache .	兔子病人应该保护安静环境法院 , 可使用传统的蚊子来减少患者的空间、pararalys和che 。
however , should nilmar arrive as a replacement , wolfsburg may be willing to lower their price slightly and loosen their grip , allowing the rossoneri to pounce .	然而 , 应该被称为 " 替代 " , 沃尔夫堡可能会稍微降低价格 , 减少他们的网格 , 允许罗斯里的网格 。
an adaptive control strategy for parallel hybrid electric vehicles is proposed based on drive cycle recognition with the balance of battery soc as objective .	提出了一种基于驱动循环识别电池的自适控制策略 , 并提出了一种基于平板混合电动车辆的自适应控制策略 。
as the situation of trust research's multidisciplinary interaction and omnibearingly advancing , it is imperative to check its philosophic dimensionality .	作为信任研究的现状 , 多元文化互动和永远相互作用的现状 , 进一步探索其哲学的思想 。
the longterm studies by hossain and his colleagues suggest that dams have particularly altered extreme precipitation patterns in arid or semiarid areas .	研究的长期研究表明 , 大坝特别改变了极端精度的预测模式 。
since the end of the cold war , when washington sniffed soviet influence in its backyard , u . s . south american policy has slumped in importance .	自从冷战结束以来 , 当华盛顿的苏联对其后院的影响 , 美国的政策已经在进口下滑 。
the capture of two german agents in 1942 uncovered two such codes which british intelligence had repeatedly failed to crack , the declassified files reveal .	1942年两个德国代理人在1942年发现英国智能代码的两种代码已经失败了裂缝 , 声明的文件显示 。
a new stabilization additive was studied , it has good effect to improve the color change and sediments formation of fcc diesel fuel containing nonbasic nitrogen compounds .	研究了一种新的稳定添加剂添加剂 , 改善fcc柴油燃料的颜色变化和沉积形成 , 具有较好的效果 。
net income came in at $54 million , or 4 cents per share , down from net income of $151 million , or 11 cents , in 2007's third quarter .	网络收入达到54万美元 , 或4% , 每股价每股151万美元 , 或2007年第三季 , 2007年第三季 。
it’s certainly helping out the alphabet’s second vowel , although as the english language’s most popular letter , it doesn’t really need it .	虽然英语最常见的字母 , 尽管英语最流行的字母 , 但它并不真正需要 。
new york times chairman arthur sulzberger declined to comment in an wedensday on its involvement in the new device except to say , 'stay tuned . '	纽约时间主席阿森伯格周二下午评论其涉及的新设备中 , 除了说 , 除了说 , 「 除了安装 」 。
the dynamic , vivid , personality about workflow becomes the urgent needs of the customer , with wfms application scope to extend and application realm to expand continuously .	动态、vivivivivid , 关于工作流的个性成为客户的急需需需求 , 用wfm应用程序范围扩展和应用现实 。
minister of the fingers into a large source to the coil , and quickly plucked from the middle of some dirt around workers are using water washing the dirt on the various components .	手指的部长将手指从中间的某些挖掘工具的中间 , 用水洗在各种组件上 。
mclennan , on the other hand , felt more in control and says she enjoyed aspects of her former job , especially the money and the opportunity to " party with rock stars . "	麦克莱恩南 , 另一方面 , 感到更多的控制 , 她喜欢她前任的前任方面 , 尤其是金钱和火箭星的机会 。
since we spend forty or more hours at our jobs weekly , it is essential to your health and longevity that your place of work is as conducive to wellness as possible .	自从我们每周花钱或多个小时 , 都是你的健康和长期 , 你的工作地方的健康和长期 。
this is a redundant practice when using odbc , as the configuration is purely in initialization of the application , and the odbc functions are androgynous to the database system .	当使用odbc时 , 这是一个冗余的实践 , 作为配置的初始化应用程序的初始化 , 并且odbc函数与数据库系统有着重要的意义 。
the opposition leader had returned to pakistan after eight years in exile and had survived a suicide bomb blast during her arrival procession in karachi only months before .	反对党领导人在八年内返回巴基斯坦 , 并且在卡拉达的前一次自杀爆炸过程中 , 只有几个月才被保存 。
next , they divided up the diabetics and gave half a placebo and treated half with extendedrelease niacin , a drug that raises hdl levels in the blood .	接下来 , 他们分为糖尿病和半个地方 , 用扩张的硝酸钠 , 一个药物在血液中提高了hd水平 。
well you could stretch it and say that an example of engineering to improve human health is getting them from one place to another , but that would be more of a stretch than i'm going to make .	嗯 , 你可以把它伸展 , 说 , 一个例子来改善人类健康的例子 , 让他们从一个地方到另一个地方 , 但是这比我要做更多 。
investors looked decidedly spooked on monday , with asian and european bourses down sharply and the dow tumbling 643 . 76 points , or more than 5% .	投资者们每周一看到 , 亚洲和欧洲债券下跌了643点 , 76点 , 或5% 。
here is a wiring diagram for the star configuration that i have found from the net . you are better to do this with great circumspection or it would be easily end up with a burned esc .	在这里 , 我发现的星球配置图是一个宽带的图片 , 您更好地做到这么伟大的环境观测 , 或者很容易被烧伤 。
but the study of the buddhism thoughts from mou zongsan is less than others , especially the study of dacheng qixin lun's content and significance .	然而 , 蒙山的佛教思想的研究 , 尤其是大连青春月的内容和意义的研究 。
more regulation of companies , encouraged by the sarbanesoxley act in the united states , and other measures designed to clean up the corporate act will be the spur .	更多的规定 , 由sarbanesoxley在美国的sarbanesssssssssssssssssssssarnexley行为鼓励 , 并且其它措施将清理公司的行为 。
you can embed media to better illustrate a topic , provide information about yourself to build your credibility , and collaborate with others to improve your knol over time .	您可以嵌入媒体 , 更好地说明一个话题 , 为自己建立你的信用性 , 并与其它人合作 , 提高你的膝关节 。
this paper describes the idea of mvc2 , the innovation in filtering and xml , as well as the design and implementation of access control administration system based on mvc2 .	本文叙述了mvc2的概念 , 基于mvc2的mvc2的创新和xml的设计和实现 , 以及基于mvc2的访问控制系统的设计和实现 。
steele declared subsequently to cnn that limbaugh's comments were incendiary and ugly , prompting limbaugh to question steele's ability to lead the party .	史蒂利说 , 随后 , 利比亚的评论是成功的 , 令人惊讶的 , 使利比亚的能力引起党的能力 。
yet their summers more likely involve city recreation centers , steamy blacktop , or a splash in a public pool or a fire hydrant turned fountain .	然而 , 他们的夏天更有可能涉及城市重新中心 , 蒸汽黑色 , 或者在公共池或一个火焰的水池中心 。
using these for reference , china should complete present educational investment system , give priority to development of the basic education , strengthen educational institution etc so as...	利用这些参考 , 中国应该完成教育投资体系 , 为基本教育、加强教育机构的优先发展 , 实现教育体系 。
north korea says it attacked the island , killing two soldiers and two civilians , because the south ignored its warning not to fire into disputed waters around the island .	韩国说 , 它攻击了岛屿 , 杀死了两名军兵和两名民兵 , 因为南方拒绝警告 , 不要在岛上分散的水 。
implementation: capable of implementing creative ideas in an allround way based on the overall strategy , we can achieve the best result from user experience optimization .	实现:基于整个策略实现创造性思想 , 我们可以实现最好的结果 , 从用户经验优化得到最好的结果 。
the composer kennosuke suemura also allegedly plagiarised warcraft ii in super robot wars w . however , there have been no reports of legal action being taken .	公司的肯诺克·苏诺克·苏格亚还在超级机器人战争中同时也被迫消了 , 但是 , 没有法律行动的报告 。
as the strategic and leading industry of china , hitech industry attracts much fdi . gradually , fdi becomes the main power of promotion of hitech industry in china .	随着中国的战略和领导产业的发展 , 黑色行业吸引了很多困难 , 逐渐成为我国黑色行业的主要力量 。
in the second quarter , aol said , its own members made up 36% of unique visitors to its network of websites , but generated 80% of page views .	在第二季 , aol表示 , 自己的成员拥有了36%的独特的访问者 , 而在网站网站的网站创建了80%的页面视图 。
but eventually we decide to skip it and return towards the barkhor . along the way we bump into fellow travellers anja and joep , who are also exploring the city .	但是最终 , 我们决定把它放到巴克哈尔 , 沿着我们鼓励旅游者aja和加入 , 他还在探索城市 。
changes california constitution to prohibit abortion for unemancipated minor until 48 hours after physician notifies minor's parent or legal guardian .	加利福尼亚的宪法改变 , 直到48个小时后 , 直到物理学家认识小孩的父母或法律卫生 。
the majority embryo of seeds aborted at earlier stage could develop to earlier globular embryo phase due to the abnormal endosperm nucleus division .	早期 , 种子的大多数胚胎可能会产生在全球胚胎的早期 , 由于异常内核分泌 。
the fifth , the agribusiness managerial education should to teach the profession knowledge , to make the independent thinking and cultivate the habit of lifetime learning .	第五 , 农业管理教育应该教授专业知识 , 使独立思维和培养生命学习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习惯的习惯 。
empire: total war featured a brandnew engine which would become the foundation of our latest developments , and introduce fully 3d naval battles to the series for the first time .	帝国:总体战争将成为最新开发的基础 , 并介绍了全部3d海军战斗的第一次 。
students will be able to use the knowledge and methods they will have learned in this course to search related materials and find answers when they encounter law problems in the future .	学生们将能够使用知识和方法 , 他们将在本课程中学习相关材料 , 并在未来的时候找到答案 。
conclusion it is satisfactory of lattice scarification under corneal epithelium to treat bullous keratopathy caused by physical and mechanical factors .	结论 , 结论在冠状皮皮质下 , 皮质损伤是满意的 , 治疗大脑骨折和机械因素造成的 。
optimists shrug that politicians always talk populist claptrap during primaries and that mr obama has actually committed himself to very little .	最佳主义者们在初期讨论人口崩溃 , 奥巴马总是承认自己很少 。
the mode on wii carries the exact same design as it does elsewhere , less your hairstyle options which are for some reason limited to one color and three style choices .	此模式在wi上携带了相同的设计 , 如此它所做的其他地方 , 减少你的头发风格选择 , 所以一些原因有限于一个颜色和三个风格选择 。
the main view of this paper is: only when the laborers have legal collective bargaining right , and fully exercise this right , could they protect their own work rights and interests effectively ;	本文的主要观点是:只有当劳动者拥有法律收集权利的时候 , 全面运动权利 , 他们可以保护自己的工作权利 , 有利 ;
at the same un summit , president obama offered strong rhetoric but little substance as he faces fierce domestic opposition to proposed carbon cuts .	同样 , 奥巴马总统为奥巴马提供了更强的扭转 , 但是他面对国内反对的反对 , 提出了碳切削 。
barack obama and hillary clinton went back and forth several times throughout their zigzag battle for the 2008 democratic nomination — sometimes via voice mail .	巴拉克奥巴马和希拉里·克林顿在2008年的民主党选举中获得了几次时间 。
the interior advances a practice that is dedicated to wish fulfillment , material exploration and an unashamed reveal of exotic theatricality present in daytoday life .	内部先进的实践表明 , 希望充填 , 材料勘探和未在今天的外部战略现状的揭示了今天的生命 。
balanced input signal from any true balanced player will be handled all the way through in fully balanced till it reaches the balanced headphone output connector .	平衡输入信号从任何真正平衡的球员将通过完全平衡 , 直到它达到平衡的头发输出连接器 。
the area has become an " arena " where gathers world big powers and various politics . the united states recognizes that central asia is part of the us global strategy .	这个地区已经成为一个 " 正是 " 世界大力和各样的政治 , 美国认识到中亚是美国全球战略的一部分 。
the person most commonly associated with aop is gregor kiczales , currently at the university of british columbia , where he works on software modularity research .	英国哥伦比亚大学的最常见的是gregorkiczal , 目前在英国哥伦比亚大学 , 他在软件模块研究中工作 。
types of help might entail thorough job training on the job , direction , transportation , or other support enabling that individual to retain his or her employment .	类型的帮助可以在工作、方向、交通方向、交通或其他支持个人保留自己或她的职业 。
there was a scene whereby su jin finally went to the house she lived with yong min and finally packed up all her things and dropped the keys into the mail box .	这里有一个屏幕 , 最终去了她和永永远的住宅 , 最终把所有的东西放到邮箱里 , 把钥匙放到邮箱里 。
the finite element method is used to analyze the influence of external circumstances on effect of deicing or snow melting system by electrically conductive concrete .	采用有限元法分析了外界环境对缺陷或雪融化系统的影响 。
bp managers say they frequently hear that 'potus has ordered' such and such , 'potus' being washington shorthand for 'president of the united states . '	bp管理人员说 , 他们经常听到 " 反对 " , 这样 , " 反对是华盛顿短和 " 美国总统 " 。
g2 united states recognizes the presence of international agencies , foreign governments and other representatives of staff and their immediate family members .	g2美国认识到国际机构、外国政府和其他代表人员的出现 , 以及他们的家庭成员 。
in particular , the relevant import declaration form as signed and issued by the customs shall be submitted for the payment for any purchase of foreign exchange .	特别是 , 关键的进口声明形式作为签名并发送的客户 , 应该被任何购买的任何购买 。
the analyzing method in this paper is based on the classical theory of plates and shells and the twomoment limitedinteraction yield condition was used as the yield criterion for materials .	分析了板板和壳壳的经典理论 , 采用两种有限的反应产率条件 , 作为材料的产率批评 。
yi xiaozhun said that china maintained good economic and trade relations with malaysia and singapore . the three countries are important trade partners of each other .	杨晓山说 , 中国保持了马来西亚和新加坡的贸易关系 , 三国都是互相贸易伙伴的重要贸易伙伴 。
for the occasion , this month's column provides a more indepth description of ibm support assistant in general , including the latest features .	对于偶尔来说 , 这个月的柱子提供了更多的深度描述ibm支持者的帮助 , 包括最新的特征 。
the analysis result shows: 1 favorable cap rock conditions can retard coalbed methane scattering and indirectly restrain methane desorbing ;	分析结果表明:1个优良的cack岩条件可以直接覆盖的甲烷分散和直接回收的甲烷衍生物 ;
pictures taken yesterday shows dozens of pupils jogging and playing badminton inside jiakai sports hall , which is equipped with an airpurifying system .	昨天拍摄的照片显示 , 几个小组在jiakai体育厅内的巴德曼顿玩耍坏事物 , 这些照片与空调系统 。
fig . 5 illustrates an example of a pulse width generator with two alternate delay paths , according to another embodiment of the present invention .	根据本发明的另一份实验 , 图5显示了一个pulse宽度生成器的例子 , 用两个替代延迟路径的另一个实例 。
jinbao street is an avenue created after the destruction of a swathe of alleyways and traditional courtyard housing just east of the wangfujing shopping district .	金宝街是一家合作公路和传统的法院 , 正在建立了一条街道 , 建立了一条街道 , 是一家公路的道路 。
last week , france's national assembly voted to return the mummified heads of 16 maoris from various museums back to their homeland in new zealand .	上周 , 法国民族成员投票到纽西兰各种博物馆的mummmiedededededmummarmededededmummoris的16名博物馆 。
china is in favor of setting up a peacebuilding commission to coordinate more effectively un efforts in peacekeeping , postconflict rehabilitation and development .	中国正喜欢建立和平建筑委员会 , 以协调更加有效地协调和平等努力 , 后勤复苏和发展 。
in this paper to discuss labor relations , labor law that is subject to adjustment of labor relations , should be a specific , narrow sense of labor relations .	本文讨论劳动关系 , 劳动法是劳动关系调整劳动关系的主体法律 , 应该是一个特定的 , 劳动关系较窄 。
“if japanese engineers did it , they would create a japanese product , ” explains hitoshi otsuki , who heads panasonic’s overseas operations .	" 如果日本工程师做了它 , 他们将创建日本产品 , " 解释说 , 巴纳森的超级操作 。
anthocyanins provide the dark colours of many fruits and vegetables , such as blueberries and red peppers . they are what makes black rice 'black' .	阿古斯坦提供了许多水果和蔬菜的黑色 , 如蓝莓和红椒 , 它们是什么使黑米 " 。
'most earthquakerelated casualties result from collapsing walls , flying glass , and falling objects , ' says the fema web site .	女性网站称 , 几乎地震破坏了墙壁 , 飞行玻璃 , 飞行玻璃和下跌对象 , " 女性网站说 。
west of the great dividing range the landscape consists mostly of plains and plateaus ; the macdonnell ranges near the country's center are an exception .	西部大规模的景观范围大多数是平原和平原的平原 ; 宏观ll附近的宏观中心是一个例外 。
a the press of a button , a microcomputer lock all other floors'chute doors and sets the recyclingcontainer turning until the right box comes under the chute .	一个按钮的压力 , 微型电脑锁定所有其他地板的切割门 , 并设置回收容器转换 , 直到右键盒下来 。
the drought was serious for early rice from early pi to maturity under dry year type , and its strength and duration surpassed that of normal year type .	干旱严重 , 早期以早期猪肉为早期 , 干燥类型及其强度和时间保持正常年度 。
the grand hotels has the honor to meet with mr . ajoy k misra , senior vice president , sales & marketing of taj hotels resorts and palaces .	格兰德酒店拥有希望与韩国总统、高级副总裁、销售和市场高级酒店储备和宫殿 。
united is pleased to announce it has reached an agreement with partizan belgrade and the players for zoran tosic and adem ljajic to join the club .	联合国正在高兴宣布 , 与党比赛的比赛和参加俱乐部的球员共同达到了一份协议 。
when i go across the developing countries and ask myself what is the largest single explanation for the huge diversity of economic performance , it falls in this territory .	当我进入发展中国家时 , 问自己最大的单一解释是经济性能的最大多样性 , 就会下降 。
although a number of projects outerjacketing frame for storeyadding have been accomplished presently , there is little research on design methods for this kind of frame .	尽管很多项目的出口框架已经完成了 , 目前已完成了许多项目的开发框架 , 对于此类框架的设计方法有很少的研究方法 。
plan 1 is that heating in winter and cooling in summer is realized by gas direct fired lithium bromide absorbent type cool heaters using natural gas for fuel .	计划1是在夏季的温度和冷却 , 由气体直接纤维纤维混合物吸收物吸收剂使用自然气体来实现 。
the body position i end up in – with the tennis ball trapped in between my racket and the fence – is very similar to what your contact point will be when you actually serve .	身体位置我终于结束了 , 随着我的脚和脚趾之间的球跟踪 , 你的接触点非常相似 , 当你实际上服务的时候 , 你的接触点也很相似 。
l929 cells were cocultured with the porous chitosan membranes and biocompatible observation was performed with scanning electron microscope .	用扫描电子微镜对l929细胞进行了研究 , 通过扫描电子微镜进行生物复合观察和生物复合观察 。
the spirit of new asia college meant different signification by different period , but qian mu's noble ambition of developing chinese culture was always incarnated in it .	新亚洲大学的精神意味着不同时期不同的意义 , 但秦明明的诺贝伦的开发中文化总是在其中 。
ceramides are a type of lipid found in cell membranes , and they also serve as signals in the body's stress response , summers explained .	陶瓷是一种在细胞膜膜内的脂肪发现 , 它们也作为身体应力响应的信号 , 夏天解释了 。
microsoft corp . , for example , has built up its cash levels to $60 . 9 billion , including equity and others investments as of march .	例如 , 微软公司已经建立了其现金水平为60.9亿美元 , 包括平等和其他投资 。
the official jobless rate , which garners the bulk of attention from politicians and the public , was reported on friday to have risen to 9 . 7 percent in august .	8月 , 据报道 , 美国官方工作率 , 加纳了政治家和公众的注意力 , 报道 , 今年8月已经上升到9.7% 。
methods preoperative fine needle aspiration biopsy findings were compared with the final pathologic diagnosis of the surgically resected specimen in 241 cases .	方法对241例患者的最后病理诊断及241例患者的临床病理诊断进行比较 。
when cave , as a kind of natural geomorphologic landscape , is developed and utilized by human being as a kind of tourism resource , we call it tourism cave .	当洞穴时 , 作为一种自然地理景观 , 由人类作为一种旅游资源 , 我们称为旅游景观 。
angle: it turned green because the soda water contains alkali . things like soda water which can turn the juice into green , are called alkaline matters .	角:它转化绿色 , 因为soda水含有碱性 。 如soda水 , 可以转化到绿色 , 被称为碱性物质 。
with the development of dance with accompaniment as well as opening of society , permanent theatres came into existence in tang dynasty and perfomances became more frequent .	随着伴随着伴侣的发展和开放社会的开放 , 永久的战争在唐代和丰富的存在 , 变得越来越频繁 。
the vehicle frame is the footboard type structure , which is comfortable and convenient in riding and can obviously reduce the labor intensity of riders .	车辆框架是足板类型的结构 , 具有舒适的方便 , 可明显降低边界的劳动强度 。
and peng changes food to be caused easily full bilge feeling , the influence dines normally , meet what cloggy body pledges to nurture absorb .	彼得改变食物会引起轻松的全面感觉 , 影响饮食常常见 , 满足客户身体的吸收 。
he fled from wenzhou to the united states on september 21 , leaving 1 . 5 billion yuan in debt owed to both chinese banks and individual creditors .	他从温州到9月21日 , 离开了1.5亿元的债务 , 两家银行和个人信用者 。
the seismology research centre says the earthquake measured 3 . 8 on the richter scale with an epicenter about 80 kilometers southwest of sydney .	地震学研究中心说 , 地震震震测量了3.8 , 与纽尼西南部的80公里的地震学研究中心 。
when the drone finally pulls away , his barbed penis andabdominal tissues are ripped from his body . he dies shortly thereafter — what abuzz kill .	当司机终于推出时 , 他的芭芭芭芭芭蕾和腹部组织被从身体上升 , 他死亡 , 是什么 。
the " metalframed composite hoses " are extensively used in industries such as petroleum , chemistry , pharmacy , foodstuff , storage and transportation .	这些 " 金属碎石油、化学、药物、储存和运输等工业都广泛应用于石油、化学、化学、化学、物理、食品等 。
the phrase requiring the programmingtools word set shall be appended to the label of standard programs that require the system to provide the programmingtools word set .	相关要求程序的字符设置应适用于标准程序标准程序的标准程序的标准程序 , 要求系统提供程序字集 。
this course asks fundamental questions like why is the electric charge in nature quantized ? and why can't we find an isolated magnetic north or south pole ?	本课程要求基本问题如为什么是自然化的电荷 , 为什么我们不能找到一个孤立的磁场或南极吗 ?
a dead turtle floats on a pool of oil from the deepwater horizon spill in barataria bay off the coast of louisiana monday , june , 7 , 2010 .	2010年6月7日 , 6月7日 , 巴拉特利亚湾的深水水水水水水里的石油排放在巴拉特亚湾海岸的海岸 。
conclusion the level of leukocyte cd18 and mpo increases and the leukocyte count decreases during reperfusion injury of rat island flaps .	结论白细胞cd18和mpo增加的水平 , 减少大鼠的重复损伤后大鼠的重复损伤 。
france is expected to pledge 150 gendarmes to head an afghan police training mission , with a further 150 coming from mainly mediterranean countries .	法国预计将在150个加拿大阿富汗警察培训的训练中 , 进一步从150年来 , 进一步从中等国家 。
we hold that the implementation of omc is a realistic choice of eu , though not enough to help eu to achieve health care integration in the end for its own weaknesses .	我们坚持 , omc的实现是欧盟实际选择 , 尽管不足以帮助欧盟实现健康的健康整合 , 尽管不足以实现自己的弱点 。
this article consists of five chapters: chapter one and two introduce the basic information of vor , including the source , definition , basic theory and value .	本文包括五章:第一章和两章介绍了vor基本信息的基本信息 , 包括源、定义、基本理论和价值 。
but the sun is on our backs . with limited time to wander , why trail down to the grotto when we can see it , all mystery preserved , from the ramparts of the basilica ?	但是太阳在我们的背景下 , 有限时间来走 , 为什么我们能看到它 , 所有神秘的神秘保存 , 从基本的ramsica的rampart ?
during 10 years since rgs come into being , it has bred about 10 high yield , high quality rice varieties , brought hugely contribution to jilin province .	由于rgs进入10年以来 , 大约有10个高产率、高质量的稻米 , 带来大量贡献 。
check classified ads , both in print and online , to see what's available and what the going rate is in a particular neighborhood . get the earliest edition you can .	检查分类的adds , 在印刷和网上 , 要看看看什么可用 , 特别邻居的情况下 , 最早的版本 。
in a unique aviation experiment recently , the 170seat boeing 727 was made to crash in a controlled manner in a remote part of mexico's sonoran desert .	近年来 , 最近 , 170个船舶72777号被制作在墨西哥的索诺朗沙漠中被控制 。
i tell jurors at the very beginning of a trial that the freedom we usually have to jump to conclusions in everyday life is , for the purpose of this trial , now suspended .	我告诉法官开始试验 , 我们通常必须在每天的生活中跳到结束 , 为了这次试验 , 现在仍然悬挂了 。
this indeed is the one that i inscribe here as a balance to what is involved in meaning , it is the locus of that which , through the parlêtre , is designated in conscience as power .	实际上 , 这是我在这里描述的一个平衡 , 是一个涉及到的意思 , 它是这样的损失 , 通过parlicre设计出来的能量 。
this paper builds the multiple scattering model of imaging in fog and presents the algorithm of fog water content measure based on images blur degree .	本文建立了fog中的多分散模型 , 并提出了基于图像burre的fog含水量测量的算法 。
the silkworm , bombyx mori , as a completely domesticated insect with good breeding and genetic system , has been considered as an ideal model for lepidoptera .	银行worm , 博比克思莫里 , 作为一个完整的国内的昆虫 , 具有良好的繁殖和遗传系统 , 被认为是一个理想的模型 。
i fly the aircraft back down to the 1 , 500foot line at 500 feet and modify my airspeed to get at show center for the pullup . i level off at about 500 feet .	我飞机飞机在500英尺500英尺的1 , 500英尺的飞机飞机 , 修改了我的飞机 , 我在500英尺下降到500英尺 。
many have cautioned investors not to make rash decisions , such as liquidating all their lowrisk government bonds in order to sniff the green paper bill for just a minute .	许多投资者并没有制造减少决策 , 如液化他们的低级政府债券 , 为了确认绿色的纸币只是一分钟 。
in his youth , lawrence kessenich often clashed with his father over politics and religion , but he also admired his dad’s commitment to helping the poor and homeless .	在他的年轻 , 法律基金会常用他的父亲和宗教和宗教 , 但他也承认他的爸爸的承诺 , 帮助贫穷和家庭 。
arsenal can take positives from the result and most of the performance , city can take heart from the fact that even with 10 men they gave us a game until the second goal went in .	阿森纳可以从结果中获得积极的结果和大部分的性能 , 城市可以从事实上听到 , 甚至有10个人 , 直到第二个进球 。
what should we call these iphonelike , touch screen wifi phones with music and video , real web browsers , email , sensors , and , above all , app stores ?	我们应该叫这些iphonelike , 触摸屏屏幕电话 , 音乐和视频 , 真正的浏览器 , 电子邮件 , 上面 , 应用程序 ?
results the automatically rotating km—5000d microkeratome system comprised three parts: microcut system , double electronic dynamic device and control panel .	结果 , 自动旋转km-5000d微波参数系统包括三个部分:微机系统、双电子动力学装置和控制板 。
impressed by the official's work , the gates foundation decided to adopt her model of prevention and outreach and replicate it in major cities across 12 provinces .	由官方的工作 , 盖茨基金会决定采用预防的预防模式 , 并在12省重新重新重新重新重新重建它 。
despite u . s . misgivings , britainsaid earlier this month it would join the aiib . france , germany and italy quicklyfollowed .	尽管美国错误 , 英国早些月早些时候就会加入aib.法国、德国和意大利 。
but on the other hand , with the increase of the intrafirm trade and intraindustry trade , which is brought by multinational companies , the fdi has a positive effect on trade .	另一方面 , 随着国内外的贸易和产业贸易的增加 , 由多个公司带来了积极的效果 , fdi对贸易有着积极的作用 。
interactive charts will show investors how their risk exposure changes when they buy more microsoft options , or hold fewer chinese stocks , or short the price of oil .	互动的图表将展示他们的风险暴露 , 当他们购买更多微软的选项时 , 或者持有一些中国股票 , 或者短期的油价 。
they and their patients have been very worried about the cardiovascular safety of rosiglitazone due to the meta analysis paper from new england journal of medicine .	他们和他们的病人一直担心 , 由于新英国医学报道的媒体安全性 , 因此 , 这些病人和他们的病人已经很担心 。
a few insect species including beetles and katydids actively bleed when attacked , but the benefits of taking such extreme measures were not clear .	在攻击时 , 一些昆虫类包括豆子和肉类 , 它们在攻击的时候 , 但对于这种极端的措施不清楚 。
infrared searching and tracking systems find wide use in military and civil applications . airborne irst systems are described , and its application examples are introduced .	介绍了红外搜索和跟踪系统在军事和民事应用中的广泛使用 。 空气铁铁系统 , 并介绍了其应用例子 。
the gravel , grave cement and concrete thickness are given for reference only ; the final thickness will be accurately calculated according to chinese regulation .	根据中国调查 , 给出了灰泥和混凝土厚度 , 最后的厚度将准确计算 。
energy prices eased a bit tuesday , with oil hovering around$134 . 01 a barrel and gas prices at $4 . 078 a gallon .	周二 , 能源价格稳定 , 油价在134.01美元 , 每桶4.078美元上涨4.078美元 。
even though its owners lacked all six required licenses , it operated on state property in full view of a stateowned mine for more than three years , the official said .	尽管它的主人缺乏所有的六个要求 , 即使是在全国的全国性能下运营的国家财产 , 但是官方说 , 这些官员说 。
for average people in china , they hope to find something from those countries that we can learn from , meanwhile intimidated by the potential despise or discrimination we might get in reward .	对于中国的平均人来说 , 他们希望从那些国家找到一些东西 , 我们可以学习 , 同时可以通过潜在的责任或歧视我们可能得到奖励 。
medvedev people in more than she had in mind the same year 1909 , the washington state governor to respond to announce the third sunday in june as father's day .	梅德维夫在1909年同一年 , 华盛顿州长 , 宣布了第三周日的第三天 , 作为父亲的第三天 。
a report by the world's leading international health organizations today calls for joint action to accelerate the development and licensing of a highly effective malaria vaccine .	据世界领导的国际卫生组织今天称 , 加快联合行动的发展和有效的疟疾疫苗的发展 , 加快了全球卫生组织的报告 。
the building faces south to capture the best views and has sweeping terraces that overhang by 2 . 5 metres to prevent glare into the rooms below .	建筑面对南方来捕捉最好的观点 , 并且在下面的2.5米以下 , 防止玻璃进入房间 。
designing your threadsafe class in this fashion allows it to be used in a multithreaded application as easily as a nonthreadsafe class , but with a higher level of safety .	设计您的线程安全课程 , 允许它在多线程应用程序中使用 , 作为非线程安全课程 , 更高的安全程度 。
productivity in the united states has fluctuated widely in recent decades . from 1979 to 1990 , u . s . productivity grew by a slow 1 . 4% annually .	近十年来 , 美国的生产力已经在1979年到1990年 , 美国生产力量逐渐增长了1.4% 。
but the researchers suggest that if the weakening trend continues , there could be more severe cyclones , even during the summer monsoon months of june to september .	但是 , 研究人员认为 , 如果减少趋势持续 , 即使在夏季的货币周期间 , 即使在6月到9月就有更严重的周期 。
moreover , this paper takes an example of the renewal and transformation of haohe in nantong , analyzing the experience from the investigation about background and course of it .	此外 , 本文还提出了一个例子 , 通过对抗东南京的再生变换 , 分析了从背景和课程的经验 , 分析了其后景的经验 。
however , the compressed air pass the same large area of laval nozzle in the traditional vacuum ejector all through the working process , so its large shortcoming is high compressed air consumption .	然而 , 压缩空气在传统真空调节器中的大部分地区都通过工作过程中所有的压缩空气 , 所以它的大型短暂的空气消耗较高 。
democrats such as mr . hoyer blame the deficit largely on the bush administration , which inherited budget surpluses , but left office with deficits .	比如霍伊尔先生这样的民主党 , 比如布什政府的缺陷大大大大幅上升 , 此外 , 继承预算 , 但与缺乏办公室离开 。
in addition to the sparql endpoints that appear on the public internet , others are appearing behind firewalls to ease crosssilo querying of enterprise data .	另外 , 除了在公众互联网上出现的sparql端点 , 另外 , 其他人在火墙后面出现了交叉silo查询 。
cherie blair , the wife of prime minister tony blair , posed nude for a painting when she was a trainee lawyer in her mid20s , the times reported .	据《时报》报道 , 当她是中20年中期的一名培训律师的时候 , 陈丽·布莱尔的妻子 。
neither fighter has ever appeared out of shape or drastically ran out of gas during a distance fight , but both tend to fade a bit over the second half of a 12round bout .	战斗者从来没有出现形状或沿着距离战斗的气体 , 但两者都往往会在第二半的12英尺左右 。
the results can be shown by numerical value and by graphic in the developed software that make it be seen directly . besides , the working interface is easy for workers to use .	实验结果可以通过数字值来显示 , 在开发的软件中 , 直接看到它的软件 , 另外 , 工作界面容易使用 。
you can now adjust your websphere integration developer authentication to use your administrator user , leaving the wpsserver id for use only by your server process .	现在可以调整您的websphere集成开发人员 , 以使用您的管理员用户 , 让wpserverid只使用您的服务器过程 。
although figure 5 shows an mvclike model as an example , you can apply the basic principles of the rich web application backplane to any model and page design methodology .	尽管图5显示了mvclike模型作为一个例子 , 您可以应用丰富的web应用程序背景的基本原理 , 任何模型和页面设计方法 。
the new economic realities may lead to flat matchday revenues . while attendances continue to hold up well , many clubs have frozen or reduced ticket prices .	新经济现实可能导致星期五的收入 , 同时强烈持续好 , 许多俱乐部已经冻结或减少票价格 。
on tv , a news reporter states that the vice president has the largest campaign war chest in history and is therefore the oddson favorite to win her party’s nomination .	在电视上 , 一名记者表示 , 副总统在历史上拥有最大的竞争力 , 因此ododdson最喜欢赢得党的提名 。
based on the bidirectional properties of semiconductor cooler , we designed a bidirectional active highaccurated temperature controller , with broad working range .	基于半导体冷却器的边缘性能 , 设计了一种带宽的高精度高精度的高精度高温控制器 , 具有广阔的工作范围 。
although the ford fseries was the number one best selling vehicle in the us last year , there were six foreign owned models in the top ten list in 2010 .	尽管在去年 , 虽然福特公司是美国最好销售车辆 , 但在2010年的最高的十个列表中有六个外国人拥有的模型 。
occasionally , a follicle doesn't open to release the egg or recloses after releasing the egg and swells with fluid , forming an ovarian cyst .	偶尔来说 , 一个愚蠢的事情不开放卵或在释放卵子后 , 放放卵子和甜蜜 , 形成卵巢 。
'we are not receiving special treatment ; we compete for business just like every other company , ' the fairfield , conn . , conglomerate said recently on its website .	" 我们并没有收到特殊的治疗 , 我们只是比如其他公司一样 , " 公平场所 , " 康奈特说 , 最近在其网站上 , 最近 , 科学家们说 。
he faces an investigation in france about allegations he sexually attacked a young novelist in 2003 , and a civil suit in new york by ms . diallo .	他面对法国的一项研究 , 他在2003年担任了一个年轻小说的研究 , 并在纽约的文明适合 。
results show that the thermal comfort of combined system is the best , and the risk of condensation is lower than that when chilled ceiling panel operates individually .	结果表明 , 结合系统的热舒适性是结合系统的最佳 , 结合系统的风险比在实际上运行的时候更低 。
at worst , he and his wife would earn about 600 yuan a month ; at the busiest times , when production ran until 2am , they could take home 2 , 100 yuan each .	最糟糕的是 , 他和他的妻子都会在每个月收到600元 ; 在忙碌的时候 , 当生产跑到2am时 , 他们可以回家2 , 100元 。
i could throw a few words at you supporting , sharing dreams and aspirations , confiding , loving , compromising but these are just words unless you act upon them .	我可以在你支持、共享梦想和激励的几个字 , 配置 , 孤立 , 抱怨 , 但是这些都只是在你行动上 。
napolitano's comments came days after a nigerian man was arrested for igniting a small explosion on a northwest airline flight bound for detroit friday .	纳波利塔诺的评论在周五 , 尼日利亚人被逮捕了一个小爆炸在北空中飞行的小爆炸 。
our production team had tried many kinds of " idol " style selection shows in the past , " said jin , who was previously bestknown for his 2007 show " my hero " .	我们的生产团队已经试图在过去的 " 偶像 " 选择显示出许多 " , " 金金说 , 前来最好的是他2007年的英雄 。
" we view them as very similar things , " says erik , a 28yearold assistant professor , referring to math and art . " they're both creative processes .	" 我们看到他们非常相似的事情 , " erik说 , " 28岁的助理教授 , 指出数学和艺术 , " 他们都是创造的过程 。
mr . noda's move raised speculation that he may be trying to show opposition members he is serious about cooperating with them in shaping budget and tax policies .	诺达先生的运动提高了预算和税收政策 。
a taper company sends me the sample by there a/c . i did't like the sample then i send the sample to that company by my a/c and he made the same one . now we are doing great business .	一家任务公司发送了一个/c的样本 , 我就不喜欢样本 , 然后我把样本送到那家公司的样本 , 现在我们正在做了很大的业务 。
to study relations between rrti and blood zinc value of children , blood zinc value of 35 cases of rrti were compared with that of 40 cases of no rrti .	为了研究小儿童灌溉和血化锌的关系 , 比较了35例的血化锌值为40例 , 比较了小鼠40例 。
however , after choosing it , the subject would find a silver lining: " with a broken leg , i will be able to lie in bed watching tv , guiltfree .	然而 , 在选择它之后 , 主题将找到一个银狮: " 破碎的腿 , 我可以在床上看电视 , 冰冻 。
in this paper , ningbo is used as an object , and detail investigation and re search on present situation of science and technology resources have been done on it .	本文介绍了一种对象 , 并在科学和技术资源的现状进行详细调查和详细的研究和搜索 。
where the losses in a traffic accident are caused intentionally by the driver of a nonmotor vehicle or a pedestrian , the driver of the motor vehicle shall not bear liability .	交通事故的损失是由非摩托车驱动器或行业人员的驱动引起的 , 车辆驱动器的驱动器的驱动器不能承担责任 。
" cashforclunkers " programmes whereby governments subsidise the purchase of a new vehicle to replace old energyinefficient vehicles have been widely used .	" 现金包含者 " 项目 , 为了更换旧能源工程车辆的购买提供了广泛应用 。
this paper deals with the threshold condition of double resonance parametric oscillation when the absorption coefficient of the signal light is different from that of the idling light .	本文介绍了双共振振振荡振荡的阈值条件 , 当信号光吸收系数的吸收系数不同于id光的吸收光的吸收系数 。
twentyfive years ago , for a chinese person to visit a foreign country or even to visit hong kong , part of our own country , it was very difficult or almost impossible .	二十五年前 , 中国人参观一个外国或甚至访问香港 , 我们自己的国家 , 很难或几乎不可能 。
supporters prepare a huge inflatable figure of venezuela's president hugo chavez outside the national assembly building in caracas august 15 , 2007 .	2007年8月15日 , 支持者准备一个巨大的难以置信的图片 。
the influence of the ratio of alg , w component and porosity upon the resistivity of ag w electro contact material were examined by the computer simulation approach .	通过计算机仿真法测定了agwgw电接触材料的抗电阻率及极性对比的影响 。
it is possessed of delicate and symmetrical appearance and accords with the conventions of chinese traditional decoration and aesthetics , therefore , it is named chinese knot .	根据中国传统装饰和美学家的传统装饰和美学家的传统装饰和审美 , 所以它被称为中国诺特 。
traffic was snarled in cities from los angeles to washington , d . c . , as antiwar protesters blocked off major intersections , some chaining themselves together .	交通是从洛杉矶到华盛顿的城市 , d.c , 作为抗议者阻止了主要的交通 , 有些链接自己 。
as a communication interface of a downhole instrument composed of multicomputers , it exchanges commands and data with the data acquisition system through asynchronous serial port .	作为一个下孔仪器的通信接口 , 它将命令交换命令和数据与同步的序列端口的数据采集系统 。
on the other side , the request of microwave communicating system becomes more and more critical to the performance of microwave passive device including coupler , splitter .	另一方面 , 微波通信系统的请求越来越严重 , 更加关键于微波传输装置的性能 , 包括cou模板、spliter 。
in xun zi's view of history , the relationship between the saint and the tao not only has logical consistency , but also has a rich and diverse relationships in different historical periods .	在xunz的历史观点中 , 神圣与道之间的关系不仅有逻辑性 , 而且有着丰富的历史时期的丰富和多样的关系 。
this allows chiquita to deliver bananas with the colors requested by the customers , which falls anywhere on a ninepoint scale ranging from green to deep yellow .	这允许芝加塔与客户要求的颜色交换巴nananananananas , 将任何地方从绿色到深深深的黄色 。
here , on a site once meant for processing spent nuclear fuel rods , an unusual textiles factory is setting up shop to serve the auto body construction industry .	在这里 , 一旦一次意味着加工过程的核燃料棒 , 一个常用的纺织厂设置了一家店 , 以服务汽车身体建筑业 。
a high degree of reproducibility was also demonstrated . the tcb is a noninvasive , simple and convenient monitoring and screening device for neonatal jaundice .	同时也表明 , tcb是一种非侵入性、简单、便捷的监控和筛选设备 。
a thousand feet underground , the cave of crystals is just one of a series of glittering caverns beneath the chihuahuan desert's naica mountain .	几千英尺的地下 , 水晶的洞只是一系列的玻璃洞之一 。
the kopeck weary performance mainly manifests in the hit probability , before already carried on season in the middle of match kopeck shooting average only then pitiful 36% .	科比克·财富表现主要表现在冲击性能下 , 已经在赛季中期 , 只有36% 。
since minimal invasive surgery is still “major” surgery , all the usual complications such as heart attack , stroke and even death are rare but possible .	自从最小侵袭手术仍然是 " 主要手术手术手术 , 例如心脏攻击、攻击、攻击、甚至死亡 。
jianjiang , shexian county native during the late ming and early qing dynasties , whose buddhist name is hongren , was a pioneer of xin'an art school .	江江江 , 晚清时期 , 清朝时期 , 佛教名字是香港 , 是新南艺术学院的首席 。
the intellectualized thermoregulation principle of wool fabric finished by nanomicrocapsule is analyzed . the ideal heatabsorbing model is built .	分析了纳米胶囊的智能调控原理 , 建立了纳米胶囊的木材制造原理 , 建立了理想的热吸附模型 。
scientific , procedure , computery , system management , corrective as always and set up the best products for our goal . fulfil the quality procedure to satisfy customers .	科学、程序、计算机、系统管理 , 总是为我们的目标设置最好的产品 , 满足客户的质量程序 。
sanshandao gold mine is the first hard rock mine carrying out undersea mining in china , which adopts the mechanical upward horizontal slice stopingfilling method with pointed pillars .	三山金矿是我国第一次艰难的矿井 , 采用机械上升的水平滑机械上升的方法 。
all values in a specific column of a database table are encrypted with the same password provided by the user , the same encryption algorithm , and the same cipher mode .	这些数据库表中的所有值都是通过用户提供的密码 , 同样的加密算法 , 以及同样的cipad模式 。
pickled the movie , a surf flick by billabong usa featuring 8 worldclass surfers , 8 exotic countries , 1 total wannabe and a jar of pickles .	拍摄这部电影 , 由巴比拉美国拍摄的8个世界级旅行 , 8个超级国家 , 1个万万富翁和一只猪肉 。
inverse archshaped bending of curved forms , ridged rear driving cabins on a slightly convex , continuous glass packaging and elegant surrounding the...	逆转形式的弯曲弯曲弯曲弯曲弯曲弯曲弯曲弯曲 , 轻轻轻地传动 , 连续玻璃包装 , 环绕着...
in this article , the progress of precoated steel for household appliance at baosteel is described . the quality , varieties and problems in the production are also mentioned with suggestions .	在本文中 , 介绍了宝石家庭应用的进展 , 介绍了各种品质、品质、品质、品质和问题的进展 。
futurism , an early twentiethcentury movement in craft , rejected entire institutions and tried to exalt contemporary life by emphasizing the machine and film .	自由主义 , 二十世纪早期运动 , 重新回复整个机构 , 并试图通过强调机器和电影探讨当代生活 。
former ministry of labor , " the labor contract system off and notice a number of issues , " the fifth requirement: " the labor contract may provide for the effective time of the contract .	前一部分劳动合同体系 , " 劳动合同体系 , 注意许多问题 , " 第五个要求: " 劳动合同可能为合同提供有效时间 。
mainly used in communications products , personal digital assistant , watches clocks , all kinds of instruments , office machinery , computer , car audio electric toy products .	主要用于通信产品 , 个人数码辅助器 , 检查钟 , 各种仪器、办公机械、电脑、汽车电玩具产品 。
its original meaning is that the fox borrows the tiger's ferocity to bluster other animals . its extended meaning is to bully people by virtue of somebody's influence .	它的原始意义是 , 狐狸借助其他动物的精神 , 其扩大意味着人们受到一些人影响的影响 。
objective to investigate the heartprotective effects of compound chinese medicine of tianma gouteng prescription on renal hypertensive rats and to explore its mechanism .	目的探讨高血压大鼠复合医学的心脏保护作用 , 探讨其机制 。
dedicated hydroelectric projects are often built to provide the substantial amounts of electricity needed for aluminium electrolytic plants , for example .	例如 , 预测的水电工程常常常建立铝电厂的潜在数量 , 为铝电解厂提供了大量的电力工程 。
it is the type of wood used to smoke the tobacco leaves and the amount of smoke exposure that gives firecured tobacco leaves their distinctive flavours .	这是木材用来吸烟烟烟叶和烟雾暴露的烟雾暴露 , 使烟雾消灭了烟雾的消灭 。
among all the modules , we focus on the design of indexer and searcher based on the multilevel partitioning strategy , a novel index partition strategy proposed by us .	在所有模块中 , 我们重点在多层分区策略的指数和搜索器的设计基础上 , 提出了一种新的指数分区策略 。
objective:to study the effects of masticatory movements on the functional activity of brain by comparing the blood flow change before and after rpd restoration of freeend edentia .	目的:探讨数学运动对大脑的功能活动的影响 , 比较血流变化前后的rpd恢复后血流的影响 。
the stability and global convergence properties analysis of the multivariable generalized predictive poleassignment selftuning control recursive algorithm is presented .	给出了多变量的稳定性和全球变换特性 , 提出了多变预测波信号自动控制算法的稳定性和全球转换特性 。
the invention relates to a method for manufacturing a flatplate heat tube . the method comprises the following steps: providing an upper cover plate and a lower cover plate ;	本发明涉及一种制造一个平板热管的方法 , 方法包括下面的步骤:提供上盖板和低盖板 ;
the main buildings in that temple are then daxiong hall , the sutra hall , the clock tower , the in script ion " midnight bells " , the first floor of maple river .	这个寺里的主要建筑物是大西大厅 , 超级大厅 , 钟塔 , 脚本区域 " 中午夜 " 的第一层地板 。
since asphaltic concrete materials are temperature dependent in nature , measured deflections and hence the structural capacity of pavement vary with temperature .	由于物理混凝土材料的温度依赖于自然 , 测量了自然、测量的反射 , 因此 , 具有温度的结构能力 。
in 1995 wu li took the strategic goal of shanghai in terms of domestic and international status and role as the basis for devising the rational size of population .	1995年 , 吴林在国内和国际地位的战略目标上海的战略目标 , 作为人口理性大小的基础 。
the fatty secamines can be directly prepared by the catalytic hydrogenation of the fatty nitriles , using ammonia synthesis gas instead of pure hydrogen .	脂肪型分泌可以直接制备 , 用氨基亚合成气相反纯氮的催化剂 。
also the scholar thinks: itch becoming aware basically is by cuticular derma of the boundary sensory experience with place of shallowlayer skin clump conduct .	同时 , 学者认为 , 它将成为基本意识到基本上是通过对浅层皮肤肿瘤的边界感觉经验的边界感觉经验 。
eventually , the system could use software or hardware to deal with emergencies such as giving an alarm for abnormity , poweroff , stopping charging and stopping discharging and so on .	最后 , 该系统可以使用软件或硬件 , 例如给出一种预警、功率、停止调控和停止分配等 。
taxation is a significant means for accommodating economics , and the arrangement of the tax system and tax administration can influence the development of nonstate enterprises greatly .	税收是经济的重要手段 , 税收制度和税收管理的安排有着重要的意思 , 对于非稳定企业的发展有重要意义 。
if the ribbon was severed , the top would burn up in the atmosphere , and the bottom would flutter to the ground " with the force of a sheet of paper , " according to liftport .	根据一份报告说 , 如果这篇报道 , 最高的话将在大气中吹起来 , 底部将飞到地下 " 地面 " 的力量 。
the demonstrations come a day before the centreright coalition of chancellor angela merkel is due to discuss the date when germany's nuclear reactors will finally be shut down .	示威前一天 , 由于德国核反应堆的核反应堆的核反应器最终被讨论 。
applying the theory of metaphors , familybased moral systems and contemporary american politics to the study of presidential campaign speeches entails dual meanings .	申请记者、家庭道德制度理论和当代美国政治研究总统奥运会的研究 , 详细介绍了两个意义 。
insiders pointed out that the two companies will now be entertainment devices sold at much lower profit , expect this market share , and rely on the application of highprofit game to get the benefits .	艾滋病人指出 , 两家公司现在将在很多低利润上销售 , 预计这两家市场分享 , 并依赖于高效游戏的应用 。
dengue , for example , has notoriously emerged as one of the fastest growing disease burdens in the world ; today , cases are reported in many regions formerly free of the disease .	例如 , 死亡是世界上最快的疾病负担之一 ; 今天 , 病例报道 , 如今 , 如今 , 许多地区自由 。
less than 70% of those with concerns about their periods have ever spoken to a gp , a survey of 600 women aged 1645 for the haemophilia society says .	哈莫菲利亚社会1645岁的女性调查显示 , 70%的关于他们的周期都没有发言到gp , 一个600名女性年龄的调查 。
or , you might encounter the task of transforming xml data into xhtml to deliver an attractive , interactive , and usable interface for mobile users and various web browsers .	或者 , 您可能会将xml数据转换成xhtml数据转换为xhtml , 将吸引力、互动接口 , 并用于移动用户和各种web浏览器 。
like a savvy career counselor or financial planner , the right advisor can help you build a solid foundation as well as steer you through choppy waters once you open your doors .	就像一个保存的职业人员或金融计划人员一样 , 正确的顾问可以帮助你建立一个固定基金 , 并通过你打开你的门 。
" i'd like present you orion . " the orion , billed as the next generation of manned spacecraft , has been de scribed by some nasa engineers as " apollo on steroids " .	" 我喜欢给你奥运会 , " 奥运会 , 作为人类空间飞机的下一代 , 已经被一些nasa工程师称为 " 阿波罗 " 。
working into the wee hours totally disrupts worklife balance , causes you to miss out on time with loved ones , and more often than not , leads you to lose precious hours of sleep .	进入weweet小时的工作平衡 , 导致你与爱人一起失去爱情 , 而且通常不过 , 导致你失去睡眠 。
in kurdish legend , the holiday celebrates the deliverance of the kurds from a tyrant , and it is seen as another way of demonstrating support for the kurdish cause .	在库尔德兰传奇中 , 圣日庆祝库尔德的交换 , 看作是另一条示范支持的方法 。
firstclass passengers get directv for the same price as a glass of champagne — for free — and coach passengers pay $6 to go channel surfing .	首先 , 通过客户为同一价格的价格直接通过同样的价格 , 为免费的自由 , 教练客户支付6美元 。
considering chinese labor is up to 3times more expensive now than places like vietnam , why aren't we making an effort to manufacture in those cheaper countries if we have too ?	考虑中国实验室是3次更昂贵的地方 , 为什么我们还不能在这些廉价国家制造的努力呢 ?
on the other hand , the suitable reinforced method is selected in comparison with various reinforcement schemes such as injection root pile , nonskid pile , anchor bar and so on .	另一方面 , 选择了适宜的加固方法 , 比较各种加固方案 , 如注射根、无滑桩、锚杆等 。
“the current mood is that his resignation is likely to be accepted but no decision has been made yet , ” an official at the presidential blue house told the financial times .	" 目前的情绪是 , 他的回答很可能被接受 , 但是没有决定 , " 总统蓝宫的官方官员告诉金融时报道 。
in this paper , multiscale wavelet decomposition and susan operator are synthetically used in image processing , then the locations of feature points are rapidly acquired .	本文综合应用多尺波分解和san操作符合图像处理的图像处理 , 然后对特征点的位置很快 。
one " bad apple " can spread negative behavior like a virus to bring down officemates or destroy a good team , according to a new study examining conflict in the workplace .	一名 " 坏苹果 " 可以扩展负面行为 , 如病毒带来办公室或毁坏一个好团队 , 根据一项研究的冲突 。
" it's all about the product development capability , " yoshikazu tanaka , chief executive officer of japan's no . 3 social networking operator , gree inc (	" 这是产品开发能力的一切 , " 奥斯hikazazu塔克纳克 , 日本的首席执行官 , 3个社会网络操作员 , 希腊 。
she also sent photographs of the orphanage and told me about the caregivers , or “mommas , ” as they were called—most of them youngish haitian women with families of their own .	她还送给了奥菲利亚的照片 , 告诉我关于职业者 , 或者 " 妈妈 " 的照片 , 大部分的年轻的海地女人和家庭的家庭 。
and here i want to warn all my relatives and people close to me that these services will use all means to trap and try to kill and liquidate me either physically , socially or professionally .	在这里 , 我想告诉我所有的相对和人们密切的告诉我 , 这些服务将使用所有的手段来追踪 , 并试图杀死 , 社会或专业 。
but attention soon shifted away from the rainforest to issues like climate change and organic agriculture , and now the amazon is disappearing at about the same rate it was in the 1980s .	但注意很快就从1980年代 , 就像气候变化和有机农业这样的问题 , 现在 , 阿马逊已经失去了同样的速度 。
the company says it was able to raise such a large round because programmable logic device chips are the most profitable sector in the semiconductor market , with gross margins of 65 percent .	本公司说 , 可以提高这样大的圆形 , 因为可编程的逻辑设备芯片是半导体市场中最有利的最好的部分 , 随着65%的标志开始 。
article 14 the government may require a communications enterprise to take necessary emergency measures for the public interest in the event of natural disasters or emergencies .	第一十四条政府可能需要通信企业 , 采取必要的紧急措施 , 为了在自然灾害事件或紧急事件中有利的公众利益 。
instead , he focused on what the company already allows users to do on musician pages on the site via music player applications and the like , many of which come from thirdparty developers .	相反 , 他重点关注公司已经允许用户通过音乐玩家应用程序和第三方开发人员在音乐页上做的音乐页面 , 并且很多来自于第三方开发人 。
mr . liu found fulltime work as a laborer ; his wife took a part time job and watched over the family’s two children , a daughter and their young son liu jingjun .	刘先生发现全职工作是劳动员 , 他的妻子在家里的两个孩子 , 一个女儿和孩子刘江 。
senior lieutenant colonel tran thanh hang , who is responsible for receiving war memorabilia donated to the museum , said as yet , no one knows who le d . tuan was .	尽管如此 , 李迪安说 , 高级的林肯·科尔·科伦特·科伦恩比h , 他负责接受战争记忆捐赠给博物馆 , 但没有人知道 , 没有人知道 。
having one global file to update means less of a headache , just remember to update it when you add or delete a user , then push it out to all boxes again via scp .	当你添加或删除用户时 , 使用一个全球文件更新意味着头痛 , 只要记住更新它 , 然后再次推出所有箱子 。
based on the keywords our clients suggested to us , we bought up several keywordrich urls , for anywhere from $100 to $4 , 000 per url .	根据我们的关键字 , 我们购买了几个关键字母url , 为了每个url提供100美元 , 000美元 。
we have discussed how the custom administrative client receives information from the websphere environment , but how does it in turn push the information to the monitoring tools ?	我们已经讨论了如何从websphere环境中获得客户的信息 , 但是如何在转移到监控工具的信息 ?
emphases of the paper are on constructing a reasonable data structure and realizing the basic function of solid modeling such as rotation , zoom , pan and section view . etc .	介绍了一种合理的数据结构 , 实现了固体结构的基本功能 , 如旋转、zoom、pan和部分视图等基本功能 。
phyllis ring , 81 , of fort collins , colorado , watched the speech from her wheelchair in the end zone of denver's invesco football stadium .	物理环 , 81岁 , 福特收集 , 科罗拉多 , 看着从她的轮椅上看到的演讲 。
one development that wolfram is especially excited about is using wolfram alpha's ability to understand and compute natural language queries in order to create mathematica programs .	为了创建数学计划的数学课程 。
elisa is a young married lady working on an isolated farm and proud of her skills in growing flowers . one day , she suddenly feels a desire to communicate with .	伊丽莎是一个年轻的婚姻女孩在一家孤立的农场上工作 , 她突然觉得她的技能与她交流 。
volunteer mentors are expected to spend 6090 minutes a week helping newcomers on work culture , contacts , writing applications and learning about professional associations .	志愿者们预计每周在工作文化、接触、接触应用程序和学习专业协会的6090分钟 。
it has mobilized 11 air force planes , four navy vessels with divers and a tanker for the retrieval operation that jobim said was being carried out in a 120mile radius .	它已经移动了11空军力量计划 , 四艘海军船和一个任务员在120英里的辐射中进行检索操作的任务 。
caracas , venezuela – a plane carrying 51 people crashed monday in eastern venezuela , and officials said 33 survived while at least 14 were killed .	卡卡萨斯 , 塞内扎拉 , 一个飞机在东部的51人在星期一在东部的飞机 , 官员表示 , 至少有14人死亡 。
a breakdown of the numbers by country reveals authorities are seeking 7590 chinese , 5050 americans , 4020 malaysians and 3470 british .	国家的数字显示 , 正在寻找7590名中国50名美国人 , 50名马来西亚人和3470名英国人 。
good looks can slay a woman's chances of snaring jobs considered " manly , " along to a learn along the university of colorado denver business school .	好的看法可以让一个女人看起来的机会被认为是 " 男人 " , 同时在科罗拉多大学的学习中学习 。
andrea pirlo had an early freekick charged down by the defensive wall while clarence seedorf and cresp both had halfchances as sampdoria massed in defence .	阿里达·普洛在防御墙上有一个早期的免费kikick的早期 , 而克拉斯传感器和csp两者都在防御中拥有一半机会 。
the human infections of diphyllobothrium latum , toxocara canis , and triodontophorus minor discovered by lin from beijing were the first records in the country .	北京第一次记录中 , 毒性癌症的人类感染是北京第一次记录的记录 。
britain's prince william will marry his longtime girlfriend kate middleton in 2012 , on the eve of the london olympics , the news of the world reported sunday .	英国的王子威廉姆将在2012年结婚他的长期朋友凯特·米德尔顿 , 在伦敦奥运会上 , 报道了世界的报道 。
when a user's mail file is set to use the inotes6 . ntf template , it inherits all the design elements in this template and also inherits the reference to the shared forms file .	当用户的邮件文件设置6.ntf模板时 , 它将所有的设计元素添加到共享文件中 , 并将其添加到共享文件中 。
however , phenolic plastic prepared with twostep method is mostly cured with htma and this curing process will release ammonia from htma , which will corrode the copper or brass parts .	然而 , 用两步方法制备的pnolic塑料 , 大多数是用htma和此曲线来释放氨基亚 , 将腐蚀铜或铜部件 。
clapper rails in particular are highly dependent on the marshes—including fiddler crabs , a dietary staple—and they'll have nowhere to go if the oil arrives .	特别是 , 特别是在火星上依赖于火星上的火星 , 包括火星的火箭 , 一个饮食步骤 , 现在他们将在哪儿去 。
“the government says everything is fine , ” said aleksandra volgina , 31 , the leader of candle , a russian aids organization based in st . petersburg .	" 政府说 , 所有的东西都是很好的 , " 阿克拉·杰纳说 , 31岁的候选人 , 俄罗斯援助组织基于彼得堡 。
“we have discovered that no class of drugs had been spared , ” said aline plançon , the head of interpol’s counterfeit drug department . “it’s not just primary medicines .	" 我们发现 , 没有任何类药物已经速度 , " 一名线性植物医学院的总部 , " 这并不仅仅仅是医学 。
the mycelium biomass of trichoderma koniggi tr6 and saccharomyces cerevisiae cb2 were found to has a good linear relation with the content of ergosterine .	发现 , 三氯makonigmagtr6和scharchomyceseryceser-cb2的神经细胞生物量与gosster的内容有较好的线性关系 。
to determine the rate of cd4 testing completion , we reviewed the records of all clinic patients who tested positive for hiv between january 2008 and february 2009 .	为了确定cd4测试完成率 , 综述了2008年1月和2月的所有临床患者的记录 。
taking an accurate census in china is a difficult task with the millions of migrant workers who've left their official addresses in the countryside for opportunities in the cities .	中国的准确的cenususs是一个很难的任务 , 他们在城市中离开他们的官方地址 , 是一个很难的任务 。
based on the communication control system of metro vehicles in shenzhen metro phase 1 , this paper presents the realization principle and the application method in actual operation of trb mode .	基于深圳电子车辆车辆的通信控制系统 , 提出了trb模式实际运行的实际运行原理和应用方法 。
the improved malachite green method utilizes the malachite green dye and molybdate , which forms a stable colored complex specifically with inorganic phosphate .	改进的玻璃绿色法利用有机磷酸和有机磷酸 , 形成了一种稳定的色彩复杂的方法 。
the total length of 80page paper , over 120 doctorate awarded by the school committee determined to be plagiarism , twothirds did not indicate the bibliography .	学校委员会的总体长度为80页的80页 , 超过120多名医生获得的医生 , 两分之三没有指出生物图 。
children fathered by older men are likely to be less intelligent than the offspring of younger dads , australian and us scientists have found in a report published yesterday .	昨天 , 澳大利亚和美国科学家在一份报告中发现 , 年轻的爸爸、澳大利亚、澳大利亚和美国科学家们在一份报告中发现 。
apply the established evaluation criteria number system to research the ride feature of wmtc test cycle and the difference with ftp , ece etc emission test cycle .	应用于wmtc测试周期和ftp、ece等测试周期的危险特征 , 研究了wmtc测试周期的危险特征及其差异 。
eileen chang' s original is possessed of female narrative , it is decided by the writer' s sex and demonstrates that female deconstruct masculinist .	欧伦长的原始是女性叙事的 , 它决定由作家的性质和表现出女性的宏观主义 。
the mechanism , parameter design and application of a new type of high frequency electromagnetic antiscaling equipment based on frequency scanning technique are discussed .	讨论了一种基于频率扫描技术的高频电磁抗磁设备的机理、参数设计和应用 。
as a source , we can find the clear humanism moulage from baixianyong's personal life experience , religious emotion and the influence over chinese and foreign literature legacy .	作为一个源泉 , 我们可以发现 , 从巴西个人生活经验、宗教情感、宗教情感和对外文学的影响 。
radiographic examination in experimental group showed much callus than that in control group . after 4 weeks , gross observation showed large amount of new bone trabeculae in two groups .	在实验组中 , 实验组的辐射图学检查显示 , 比对照组4周后 , 4周后 , 地理观察显示了大量的骨轨道轨迹 。
" all the foul stuff from the latrines and all the rubbish thrown down the chute accumulate and compost , as in a septic tank , " wallacehadrill said .	沃尔哈德里尔说: " 所有的泡沫都从拉里 , 所有的橡胶都扔下了切削积累和复合物 , 就像一个封闭的坦克一样 。 "
the 50 l novel bioreactor named as fus 50l was designed and the data acquisition system for both pilot and production scales was developed according to the proposed principle .	设计了50l小说生物反应器名为fus50l , 并根据此提出了数据采集系统的数据采集系统 。
intake was calculated using the nutrition data system for research version 2007 , and consumption was monitored using diet diaries and by measuring the weights of the returned pistachios .	通过对2007年版本的营养数据系统进行了计算 , 利用饮食糖尿病 , 通过测量回收猪肉的重量 。
other universal banks have much lower shares , according to data from scorpio partnership , a consultancy , with private banking at hsbc making up only 6 percent of profit .	根据spio合作伙伴数据 , 其他的普通银行在hsbc中只有6%的利润 。
according to popsugar , we will get to see john mayer and jennifer aniston walk the red carpet together at the oscars this sunday , february 22nd .	据popsugar说 , 我们将得到约翰市长和詹妮弗·安妮弗·安德森在周日在奥斯卡的奥斯卡上走过红毯 。
then the two corresponding communicational tendencies , highcontext and lowcontext communications , are put forward , which exert great influence on interpreting activity .	然后提出了两种相应的通信趋势 , 高文本和低文通信 , 提出了对解释活动的影响 。
piano and cello are given equal roles in the sonata in a , a break with the 18thcentury format of a piano sonata accompanied by an instrumental obbligato .	钢琴和celello在南加拿大等的角色 , 18世纪的钢琴纳塔格式的18世纪格式被一个仪式的奥巴格 。
brilliant , iconoclastic , and witty , he had won election in traditionally republican arizona and had succeeded as an activist , progressive governor .	布莱利亚特 , 伊维克斯和威特 , 他在传统的共和党亚利桑那赢得了选举 , 并成功成为一个活动主义 , 进步的政府 。
koller was impressed , thought it likely to be useful in eye operations and two months later tried it out , first on animals and then on his own eyes with complete success .	库尔是印象的 , 尽管它可能在眼睛操作中有用 , 两个月后就试图出来 , 首先在动物上 , 然后在自己的眼睛上 。
the diagnostic value of p300 in diabetic encephalopathy was evaluated . methods erp were tested in 50 type 2 diabetic patients and 30 healthy control group .	评价2型糖尿病患者和30例健康控制组的诊断价值 。
thus it threw shadows of these obscure and homely figures every evening with as much care over each contour as if it had been the profile of a court beauty on a palace wall ;	因此 , 这些障碍和家庭图片每天晚上都有很多事情 , 如果它是一个太平洋墙上的法庭美丽的证明 ;
by analyzing the basic characteristics of nonvesseloperating carrier , the paper confers its identification and its limitation of liability for maritime claims and its lien on cargo and so on .	通过对非开关载体的基本特性进行了分析 , 提出了其识别和其限制 , 并对载体和列表的有限性 。
when i went with my second brother to ahmedabad , some enthusiastic friend of mine took me by surprise by printing and publishing it and sending me a copy .	当我和第二个兄弟到阿姆伯德 , 一些热情的朋友通过印刷和发布 , 并发送我 。
when an enterprise submits an enterprise income tax return , the financial statements and other related materials shall be attached in accordance with the related provisions .	当企业提交一个企业收入税收回时 , 金融报告和其他相关材料应按照相关的规定进行安装 。
these indicate that hd is closely related to cmv infection . cmv infection may be an important teratological factor of some congenital malformations including hd .	这些表明 , hd与cmv感染密切相关 , cmv感染可能是某些原始映射的重要因素 。
several studies have shown that low and middle level executives show many stress symptoms , like ulcers , high blood pressure , tension , burnout and so on .	几个研究表明 , 低和中级执行官显示许多应力症状 , 如溃疡、高血压、紧张等 。
california natural chicken & brown rice dry cat and kitten food is made with only five pure & simple ingredients to meet the needs of your special cat .	加利福尼亚天然鸡和棕色米干干燥蛋糕 , 只有五个纯净的纯净的成分和简单的成分 , 以满足特殊猫的需求 。
this piece nominated the award of berlin jin xiong 1999 , but defeated the red of " of american excellent movie with powerful actual strength finally cautionary " .	这张照片提示了柏林金山199999年的奖项 , 但缺席了美国的红色电影 , 最终有力的实际强度 " 。
preliminary computations indicate that the model demonstrate rather higher skill of predictions , it shows perspective of realizable approach to forecast shortterm regional climate .	初步计算表明 , 该模型显示了预测的更高的预测技能 , 实现了可实现的方法 , 预测短期气候 。
the antiwar groundswell brought out thousands of counter demonstrators , including 2 , 000 who gathered outside the state capitol in mississippi .	抗地球威尔带来了数千个反对示威器 , 其中包括2 , 000名在密西西西比亚州外的国家队伍 。
the shandong provincial quality control and inspecting center for bearings is located in the factory taking up the task of quality inspecting and arbitrament of the province's bearing products .	山东省质量控制和检测中心位于工厂的质量检测和质量检测中心 。
the full text of the treaty to be enshrined in the egyptian hieroglyphs temple of karnak at thebes and the temple of ramses the wall .	在埃及的埃及教徒埃及教徒庙里 , 充分的文本都在埃及的埃及教徒里克·埃及寺庙里 , 雨水的寺庙里 。
according to the design of spillway dam on arch dam in wanjiagou reservoir , this paper elaborates special problems and solving method of spillway dam in design and construction .	根据wanjiajiajiagou储层的弹簧坝设计 , 阐述了其特殊的问题和解决方法的设计和建设方法 。
credible dynamic parameters of dam materials obtained from indoor tests are the key to the accuracy of dynamical analysis for earthrock dam .	从室内测试中获得的大坝材料的信用动力学参数是地震学分析的关键 。
still , i haven't yet had enough experience to determine if the android market is an adequate substitute for the apple app store , or to explore many of the features and apps .	然而 , 我仍然没有足够的经验 , 如果androidid市场是苹果苹果苹果商店的一个独特的子公司 , 或者探索许多特点和应用程序 。
the paper has studied into the hydraulic system of two cylinders synchronization and accurate orientation , then designed the synchronized system that could meet the requirement .	本文研究了两缸式同步和精度方向的液压系统 , 并设计了该系统的同步系统 , 可以满足要求 。
the index's annualized growth rate remained unchanged at negative 23 . 9 percent , with the previous week's figure revised higher from negative 24 . 1 percent .	指数的年度增长率仍然在负面23.9%左右 , 前周的数据重新从负面24.1%上升 。
applied to cotton , linen , silk , wool , cashmere , synthetic fiber , blended , underwear and infants , and other types of clothing and cleaning .	适用于棉、线、丝、毛、金属、合成纤维、混合纺织、衣服及其它类型的衣服和清洁 。
finally , an organization framework of multiscale spatiotemporal data is proposed to facilitate the data access based on the characteristic of multispatialscale data .	最后 , 提出了一种基于多空间数据的多空间空间空间数据的组织框架 。
in order to search and solve the adsl line fault when the user accesses the net , we introduce one kind adsl fault detect i ng instrument in this thesis .	为了搜索和解决adsl线故障时 , 当用户访问网络访问时 , 我们介绍了一种广告故障检测我ng仪器中的一个广告故障 。
after the equilibrium of fast exchange process is reached , the slow exchange process can be treated as pseudosingle exchange center system by means of the differential kinetic equation .	在快速交换过程的平衡之后 , 可以通过不同的动力学方程来处理缓慢交换过程 。
the topography is from digital elevation data collected by the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite .	图形是由先进的空间热排放和反射辐射器收集的数字选数据 。
the invention discloses a shutter type environmental wind guiding device of an air cooling island of a power plant , belonging to the technical field of energy power .	本发明公开了一种新型环境风引导装置 , 属于能源电厂的技术领域 。
hehui is a kind of temporary mutual aid of old times to circulate necessary funds . it was always organized among the kin's and neighborhood .	赫华是一种古时代的突变援助 , 以循环的必要基金 , 总是在金属和邻国的组织 。
objective:to investigate the surgical indications , operational methods and clinical applications of modified hysterectomy within the tunica vaginalis by using celioscope .	目的:探讨改性低血管内移植的手术指标、手术方法及临床应用方法及临床应用 。
under root's guidance , the renamed colt patent firearms manufacturing company hired talented mechanics and engineers who continued the innovations colt had begun .	根据罗根的指导下 , 重新燃料专利纤维制造公司雇佣了人才和工程师在继续创新燃料开始 。
the 19ye arold is a regular for his country's under20 te am and was a key performer in liverpool's second string landing the le ague title last season .	去赛季 , 利物浦第二个赛季的第二个赛季 , 这位19岁的阿格尔德是一个常规的国家队伍 , 他是利物浦的第二个球员 。
the tundra extends endlessly , all leached out colours , smudgy greens and browns , merging with the sky into a distant greyblue nothingness .	周边的延伸 , 所有的叶子都放出颜色 , 云灰绿和棕色 , 与天空融入一个远的绿色 。
the gymnasium complex is part of the massive sports facilities that were built by the chinese for the 2008 summer olympic games in beijing and surrounding areas .	中国在北京和周围的夏季奥运会上建立了巨大的运动设施 , 是北京的夏季奥运会的一部分 。
but mr . khan was vexed by the striking inequalities — the new hummers cruising by endless shantytowns — and the growing rumblings of tribal politics .	但是khan先生受到严格的严格性 , 新罕默斯突破了 " 无穷的鲨鱼 " , 并且生长了三国政治的发展 。
the u . n . 's food security analysis unit and a famine warning project known as fewsnet say the famine in southern somalia is growing worse .	美国的食品安全分析单位和一名著名的警告项目称 , 南方索马利亚的消息显示 , 美国的食品安全分析机构更糟糕 。
the focus on a reduced footprint implementation of eobject is also noteworthy , with some clients using it to achieve more than 60percent reduction in footprint .	关注eobjct的脚印实现 , 同时还注意到eobject的一些客户使用它达到了60%的降低 。
glaciers in the french alps have lost a quarter of their area in the past four decades , according to research by scientists at the university of savoie , the bbc said .	据svoie大学的科学家sovoie大学的科学家说 , 法国alps的玻璃器在过去四十年里丧失了一个季度 。
knowing the basics of populations , sampling , and statistical significance will help you to understand what's possible , and to better understand and interpret what the results mean .	了解人口、采样、统计意义的基本性 , 帮助你理解人口的可能性 , 更好地理解结果的意义 。
german crown prince . the son of emperor william ii , he commanded troops in the battle of verdun and renounced the crown at the close of world war i .	德国王子 , 皇帝威廉i的儿子 , 他命令军队在德国战争的战斗中 , 并在全球战争中重新宣布了冠军 。
web page has to show a large number of realtime data in computeruser interface of a bridge health monitoring system based on b/s model , result in frequently updating pages .	网页必须通过b/s模型来显示基于b/s模型的桥梁卫生监控系统中的大量实时数据 。
the new site concrete exposed surfaces , timely with plastic and heat preservation material covered in ( hscmt condition maintenance , concrete shall not watering .	新站点混凝土出现的表面 , 时间与塑料和热保温材料覆盖在 " hscmt条件维护 " 中 , 混凝土不能水 。
on 9/2/02 in our local paper , there was an article by tony pugh of the knightridder newspapers entitled " doctors closing the door to drug salespeople . "	在本地报纸中 , 我们的本地报纸中 , 有一篇文章 , 由韩国边境报纸引入了 " 医生关闭药物销量 " 的文章 。
our former striker mikael forssell reminded us what he can do inside the opening quarter of an hour , and bruce was delighted to have him back leading the birmingham line .	我们的前锋迈克尔·迈克尔斯福尔提醒我们可以在开幕季内做的事情 , 并且布鲁斯很愿意把他带回了绑架线 。
the press takes use of advanced twoway cartridge valve system and imported electric pump technology which can realize double closed loop control of pressure and flow rate .	采用先进的二路汽车阀门系统和进口电泵技术 , 可以实现双闭环压力和流速控制 。
design and configuration process about the control system of a mechanical arm are introduced based on mcgs configuration software and siemens s7 200 series programmable logic controller ;	介绍了基于mcgs配置软件和semensss7200系列可编程逻辑控制器的控制系统的设计和配置过程 ;
insulin secretion from the beta cells in the part of the pancreas called the islets of langerhan is a complicated process , which if it fails to work properly induces diabetes .	胰岛素分泌在胰岛素细胞中的胰岛素分泌是一种复杂的过程 , 如果不适当地诱导糖尿病 。
grand buddha at ling shan the grand buddha at ling shan situated in the small ling shan area in the south of the maji mountain , wuxi , jiangsu province .	刘山南小山地区的佛陀 , 位于林山地区的小山 , 武西 , 江苏省 。
that is why i select " citizenship education in american schools " as my research field . both the research methods of literature gathering and comparing have been adopted in the thesis .	这就是为什么我选择 " 美国学校 " 公民教育 , 作为我研究领域的研究 , 两者都采用文献聚集和比较 。
on christmas day , the miami heat and dwyane wade will take on the cleveland cavaliers and lebron james in a matchup of two of the best young players in the league .	在圣诞节 , 米兰热和丹尼·波德将在克莱维兰的评论家和布朗·詹姆斯在比赛两个最好的年轻球员的比赛中获得最好的球员 。
this is why web designers , and their close cousins , banner , header and footer designers , can charge up to $50 for one good web page header , and more for a complete set .	这是为什么web设计人员 , 他们的衣服 , 布朗纳 , 头部和四家设计人员 , 可以收到50美元的一个好网页头 , 更多的完整设置 。
the paper got across the study about isokinetic technique applying conditions and resolving problem , and provided reference which can made isokinetic technique apply in martial art .	本文对isisisisisoic技术的应用情况及解决问题进行了研究 , 并提出了一种可以在婚姻艺术中应用的方法 。
currently , the value of human capital in enterprises is mostly measured from accounting perspective , and the specialized in assessment of management humancapital is rare .	目前 , 企业人力资本的价值主要是从账户视角测量的 , 以及管理人力资本的特殊化 , 人力资本的评估很少 。
the algorithm presented in this paper incorporates the trust region method into the restricted simplicial decomposition algorithm to solve the master problem of rsd .	本文提出了基于sd的信任区域的算法 , 通过简单的简单的分解算法来解决rsd的最大问题 。
portsmouth are the cook islands , or whatever pacific islands are most threatened by global warming . they are sinking fast , soon to disappear without trace .	葡萄牙岛是烹饪岛屿 , 每个太平洋岛都是全球变暖的威胁 , 它们很快就会失去 , 很快就没有跟踪 。
shenzhen yirui electronic technology co . , ltd . is a professional led manufacturer in r&d , production , sales and services which founded in 2006 .	深圳电子技术有限公司是一家专业的led制造商 , 2006年创建的产品、销售和服务 。
rio ferdinand will miss middlesbrough's visit to old trafford on monday after suffering a back spasm in the warmup at the britannia stadium .	上周一 , 路费德林将错过中期的访问 , 到周一 , 到了在布朗尼亚州的一场战争中间的旅行 。
van gogh painted 'patch of grass' in 1887 in paris and it hangs in the krollermuller museum in the dutch eastern city of otterlo .	1887年 , 范戈华在巴黎的《草地》中绘制了 " 草地 " , 并在巴黎的克罗默默默尔博物馆 , 在荷兰东部的荷兰 。
the goal of this study was to determine the acute effects of decaffeinated coffee , chlorogenic acid , and trigonelline on glucose tolerance in 15 overweight men .	本研究目标是确定减少咖啡、慢性酸和三酮类酸的急性效果 , 确定15多个体重男性的急性效果 。
from a practical viewpoint , consumers value poultry welfare , so better market access may be obtained by producers who ensure good welfare in their flocks .	从实际观点来看 , 消费者价值福利 , 因此更好的市场访问可能是由生产者保证好福利 。
mr . greenspan maintains that the development of china and other factors fostered low rates around the globe and not just in the u . s . contributing to a housing boom that was worldwide .	绿色span先生保持中国的发展和其他因素在全球范围内的低速率 , 而且不仅仅在美国的贡献到一个全球的房屋 。
based on an analysis of industrial cluster this paper defines the industrial cluster a new kind of organization mode of spatial economy that is different from market and hierarchy system .	本文根据工业集群的分析 , 定义了工业集群的新型空间经济模式 , 不同于市场和层次系统 。
now folds the lily all her sweetness up , and slips into the bosom of the lake: so fold thyself , my dearest , thou , and slip into my bosom and be lost in me .	现在 , 所有她的甜蜜 , 滑进湖底的老板:那么愚蠢的你 , 我最亲爱的 , 尽管 , 慢慢在我身边 。
thus mr specter’s move will both increase mr obama’s chances of getting his domestic agenda through congress and boost his ability to put liberals in the courts .	因此 , 韦尔先生的运动都会增加奥巴马的机会 , 通过国会 , 提高他的能力 , 并提高他的能力 。
this year xinran arranged for me to meet a maker of paper lanterns who had the same thing happen to him during a more recent clearance round nanjing’s confucius temple .	今年 , 新兰对我来说 , 同样的东西在最近一次更清晰的南京的冲突庙里遇到了一件事 。
those beautiful promises , those sweet smiles on the photos , which are as warm as the sunshine , in turn slowly freeze the curve in the middle of my right hand .	那些美丽的承诺 , 那些甜蜜的笑容 , 像太阳一样温暖 , 变得慢慢地慢慢慢地融入我右手的曲线 。
priority reverse is a kind of phenomenon that the higher priority task is blocked by the lower priority task since they are using the same share sources in real time system .	优先逆转是一种由于在实时系统中使用相同的股东来源的高级任务的现象现象 。
by the model , the contour error vectors were computed with tool position points from the interpolator of computer numerical control and position tracking errors of servo systems .	通过模型 , 计算了由计算机数字控制器和位置跟踪误差器的接触点 , 计算了该算法的回收误差 。
it realized rational general layout in narrow area by making use of abandoned excavated materials and overall construction site allocation in longtan hydropower station .	它实现了由吸收的材料和整体建筑场所使用的理性布局 , 实现了由纳波区内的窄带地区的理性布局 。
strengthen the practice teaching , pay attention to the thought and the capacity of innovation of the students culturing , and it gets manifest achievement .	加强实践教学 , 注意到学生培养的创新能力和创新能力 , 并得到了最好的成就 。
these temperature shifts are heavily influenced by entirely natural ocean cycle fluctuations that affect heat transfer patterns from the tropics .	这些温度转移是由整个天然气周期流动影响的 , 影响影响热传热模式的影响 。
wang fuzhi's interpretation undoubtedly degraded zhuang zi's xiaoyao from the realm of heaven and earth to confucian humanity concernment .	王福希的解释 , 无疑将张家的心灵从天堂和地球的现实中迁移到了儒家人类的关注 。
these greater concentrations have the unfortunate side effect of making blue tiberium highly volatile and explosive , making harvesting the crystals extremely dangerous .	这些浓度较大的浓度对蓝虎的不幸的副作用 , 使得晶体非常危险 , 造成了极大的危险 。
the company handles image processing for other wedding photographers and also teaches them to use lightroom 2 efficiently so they can save time and money processing smaller jobs themselves .	公司手工图像处理其他婚姻摄影师 , 同时也教他们使用光室2 , 使他们能够节省时间 , 加工更小的工作 。
the prescription of the tissue culture of petunie hybrida and the dna level of phenotypic variation seed lings produced by tissue were discussed .	讨论了农田混合物的组织文化及dna水平的dna水平 , 通过组织产生的dna水平 。
its university , founded in 575 , was a noted center for the study of theology , science , and medicine in the 7th and 8th centuries . population , 04 , 2' .	它的大学成立于575年 , 是一所关于科学、科学和医学研究的中心 , 7和8世纪 , 人口04 , 2 。
a phase i clinical trial has shown that miv210 administered to healthy volunteers has a very good oral bioavailability and achieves high blood plasma levels .	临床试验表明 , 微波210行政对健康志愿者具有很好的轨道生物可用性 , 实现高血血浆水平 。
the correlation of ratooning rate to the yield relating characters of main crop and ratoon crop in rice was studied with 30 different types of rice varieties and hybrids .	研究了不同种类、不同种类和混合物的产率与产量相关性的相关性 。
local codimension two bifurcation of maps , associated with hopfpitchfork case , is analyzed using the center manifold theorem and normal form method of maps .	利用中央图理论和正常形式分析了地图的局部编码两个分布 , 与霍普菲福克病例相关 。
bank staff involved in indonesia’s tsunami recovery say governmentled plan , communitybased reconstruction are critical in natural disaster response .	银行员工涉及了印尼亚的海啸恢复说 , 政府计划 , 社区基于社区的重建是自然灾难反应的关键 。
“he was my only son , ” said ma xiangqian’s father , ma zishan , a struggling farmer of landscape plants and trees grown for use in the bustling cities .	" 他是我唯一的儿子 , " 张建的父亲玛丽安说 , 马丁 , 一个混乱的农民和树木在大城市使用 。
use the index or primary key field to select the key columns that the q apply program uses to identify replicated rows and correctly order transactions .	使用指数或主要的关键字段来选择q应用程序的关键列 , 使用q应用程序使用识别复制的行为和正确的订单 。
but the great souls having taken refuge of the divine nature , o arjuna , render devotional service unto me with undeviated mind knowing me as the imperishable origin of all creation .	但是 , 伟大的灵魂在自然 , 阿雅雅雅雅 , 重新解放服务 , 直到我知道我是创造的重要原因 。
late at night , the international atomic energy agency announced that japan had added a third plant to the list because radiation had been detected outside its walls .	晚些时候 , 国际原子能源机构宣布 , 日本已经增加了第三种植物 , 因为辐射被检测到其墙外 。
he proposed " the situation " is not only thinking of the late ming zun situation of an important stage in development , but also of his literary activities of the theoretical basis .	他提出 " 现状 " 不仅认为 , 明明明江时期发展的重要阶段 , 也是他对理论基础的文学活动的重要阶段 。
yanov chomsky pointed out that the diversification of gas supply also increased , which will enable the implementation of natural gas exports have become more flexible .	yanovchomsky指出 , 气体供应的多样化也会增加 , 使天然气出口的实现更加灵活 。
although the traditional is easy for installation and operation , but because of the limited capacity , it can not satisfy the requirement of large scale foam project .	尽管传统的安装和操作很容易 , 但是由于有限的能力 , 不能满足大规模的泡沫项目的需求 。
instead of letting his star player force a move , ferguson reminded rooney who was boss a lesson learned long ago by cantona , roy keane and david beckham .	相反 , 让他的星球队力量移动 , 弗格理由提醒了罗尼 , 老板在加拿大 , 罗西和戴维·贝克汉姆 。
as for john f . and robert f . kennedy — the story ends in 1969 , and teddy is nowhere to be seen — the kennedys presents them as men of deep integrity .	正如约翰.福特和罗伯特·肯尼迪 , 1969年的故事结束 , 艾迪现在是看到的 , 肯尼迪是为了深入的 。
jesus offered himself as a sacrificial being before heaven for the sake of the one will , without pursuing his own happiness but for the benefit of humankind on the earth .	耶稣给自己作为一个饱和的行为之前 , 为了在一天之前 , 无法追求自己的幸福 , 但对于地球上人类的利益而言 , 耶稣为自己的幸福 。
then , can social responsibility help increase customers'satisfaction ? if so , what is the mechanism and how important is it ? this research is to answer these questions .	然后 , 社会责任能帮助客户的争论 ? 如果如果 , 那么 , 哪些机制和怎样 ? 这项研究是如何回答这些问题 。
litchfield said that he warned oracle of the problem in november , hoping that the company would fix the flaw when it issued a group of quarterly security patches in january .	小菲尔德说 , 他在一年1月警告的问题 , 希望该公司将固定一组季度安全支付的时候 , 当它在一月发布了一组季度安全支付 。
a bit . instead of a few hundred thousand , as he initially suggested , the gateses are going with 10% of their wealth . so . . . more like hundreds of millions .	相反 , 几百万人 , 因为他最初建议 , 盖茨已经有10%的财富 , 所以 , 比如数百万人 。
hugh hefner , the 84yearold " playboy " magazine founder , said he is considering marrying girlfriend crystal harris , aged 24 , the us media reported .	美国媒体报道 , 哈格哈福纳 , 84岁的 " 男孩 " 杂志创始人 , 他正考虑结婚女朋友的危机 , 年龄24岁 , 年龄24岁 。
after constructing the model of motion of the target and the kinetic kill vehicle , constraints of interception were analyzed and the computing method of orbit transfer was also derived .	分析了目标运动的运动模型及动力杀车辆的动力学杀车模型 , 并对轨道转移的计算方法进行了分析 , 并提出了轨道转移的计算方法 。
jinan is also famous for the spring city . the abundant groundwater of mount tai flows down the north , spews in the urban areas and forms numerous springs .	金山也是春天城市的著名 , 太阳流下北部 , 城市地区的大部分地面水 , 形成了许多春天 。
twoeyes , however , made them welcome , and was kind to them , and took care of them , so that they both with all their hearts repented the evil that they had done their sister in their youth .	然而 , 两年 , 让他们欢迎他们 , 还是喜欢他们 , 还有他们的心 , 所以他们都和所有的心都表示他们的妹妹们做了他们的事情 。
people believe that the number is useful when they are in danger,such as in the valley or in the mountain area . even through the signal is very bad , the police could know where you are .	人们相信 , 当他们在危险时 , 触摸在山谷或山区 , 甚至通过信号很坏 , 警察知道你在哪里 。
in day after day to repeat life , we use own small head fit many concept , significance , formula... but that is filled with pain and tears behind too much fun and laughter .	日后 , 重复生活 , 我们使用自己的小头 , 很多概念 , 意义 , 公式...............这是充满痛苦和笑容的 。
the point , buffett repeats in all his appearances in china , is that by quitting stanford and trying to make a go of it in music , he was doing the same thing his father did .	这点是 , 巴菲特在中国所有的出现 , 正是通过查询斯坦福德 , 并试图在音乐上做一件事 , 他正在做同样的事情 。
the values may be different depending on the manufacturer of the wire and the ambient temperature , so we recommend you recalculate the values based on your particular requirements .	价值可能是不同的依赖于线性和嵌入温度的制造商 , 所以我们建议您在特定要求上计算的价值 。
the smoke screen that may absorb and scatter infrared , heavily attenuates energy of guidance head , and then will reduce the probability of missile shooting .	烟雾屏幕可能吸收和散发红外 , 重重重重视引导头的能量 , 然后减少误导弹的可能性 。
this paper is focus on small set character recognition . based on skeleton graphics , handwriting chinese character is defined as a set of isolated branch , isolated loop and component . relation...	本文主要以小组字符识别为基础 , 基于skeleton图形、手写中文字符串作为一个分离分配、分离的loop和组件 。
he is seen as an important figure who made great contribution to modern art , a pioneer on the path of painting practice , and a pilot due to his intelligent painting theory .	他被看作是现代艺术的重要图片 , 一个人在绘画实践的路上 , 以及一个由于他的智能绘画理论的雕刻理论 。
wang yuquan , a chief consultant at frost and sullivan in beijing , told ap that the announcement is a subtle warning to skype not to grow too large .	王元泉 , 北京的首席咨询人 , 告诉北京 , 宣布是一个潜在的警告 , 太大 。
instead , while hong kong is feeling the heat of competition from china , its economy is thriving having just experienced its fastest three years of growth since the late 1980s .	相反 , 香港正在感到中国的竞争力 , 经济正在增长三年以来最快的三年 。
this paper discusses causation and preventing measure of settlement difference in high and low stride building , and points out characteristic and feasibility to use cincture constructing later .	本文讨论了高度和低侧建筑的沉积差异的原因及防止措施 , 并指出了特征和可行性 。
'i don't see anything changing in the next two or three years , ' said john deal , a 50yearold individual investor who works in walnut creek , calif .	" 我不会看到下两年或三年的变化 , " 约翰·交易说 , 一位50岁的个人投资者在沃尔丁克州的工作中工作 。
he is the greatest teacher i have ever seen . he is able , without visible effort , to make a lecture to students seem like an intimate , socratic dialogue .	他是我从来没有看到的最大的老师 , 没有能力 , 让学生看起来像一个imate、sora治疗对话 。
scream 4 offers little more than a group of familiar characters wandering around a horror movie setting and uttering selfreferential oneliners as the body count mounts .	sream4提供了一组熟悉的字符在镜子电影设置和切换自尊的一个线程作为身体数量的小组 。
another problem with the statement that the more televised governmental proceedings , the better , is that it assumes that people actually watch the proceedings when they are broadcast .	另外一个问题表明 , 更多的电视政府产生的另一个问题 , 更好的是 , 是假设人们实际上是在广播时看到的产物 。
until 24 february , when the us air force awarded the kcx contest to boeing , eads appeared to have a strong chance of parking its tanker on boeing's lawn .	直到20月24日 , 当美国航空军向克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克斯
some are masters of new or traditional media ; some are religious leaders , and a few are top officials of those governments that do have the ability to project their influence globally .	有些是新或传统媒体的大师 , 一些宗教领导人 , 几乎是政府的高级官员 , 为了全球影响 。
the architects recommend careful use of express bus rapid transit—the cheapest public transportation option—and increased capacity for bicyclists and pedestrians .	建筑建筑建筑推荐使用快速转移 , 最适宜的公共交通选项 , 增加了生物周期和行业人员的能力 。
for example , an older system might store the term " dog " with a broader term of " mammal " and narrower terms of " dachshund " or " bulldog . "	例如 , 一个老化系统可能存储 " 狗 " 的 " 狗狗 " 和 " 恶性 " 和狭窄 " 的词汇 。
in ding zhuren eyes , wuxi ming is tall , handsome youth , talk funny , work carefully , to accept strong , quick thinking , practical work hard .	在dinghuren眼睛中 , 吴明是高 , 手工青年 , 谈话青春 , 工作精心 , 工作 , 接受强大的、快速的思维 , 实际工作难 。
in addition , connection strings constructed at run time from unvalidated user input can lead to string injection attacks , jeopardizing security at the data source .	另外 , 连接字符从无效的用户输入中构建的运行时间 , 可以导致注射攻击 , 用于数据源的安全性 。
as the debate continues , mr donkin needs to grapple with the fact that , particularly in america , ordinary people have seen their incomes stagnate since the 1970s .	作为辩论继续 , 唐金先生需要与事实上 , 尤其是在美国 , 普通人从1970年以来看到他们的收入稳定 。
i felt extremely welcomed into your friendly school community and am amazed by the dedication of all the studentsit is obviously a very successful school .	我觉得很感到非常欢迎您的朋友学校社区 , 并且由所有学生的描述 , 很明显是一个非常成功的学校 。
always , always pay yourself first from your wage , then pay your creditors . in that single act , you are telling the universe that you are worthy and deserving f more .	总是 , 总是从你的手中付出自己 , 然后付出你的信用者 。 在那个单一行动中 , 你告诉宇宙值得更多 。
currently under construction , the mine is estimated to contain a staggering 40 million tons of copper and 46 million ounces of gold and should start operating in 2012 .	目前在建筑下 , 矿床估计在2012年包含了40万吨铜和4600万吨的铜和46万盎司 , 应该开始操作 。
as a result , de rothschild originally set his launch date for 28 april exactly 62 years to the day when heyerdahl set out on his epic journey across the pacific .	因此 , 死亡的孩子开始在太平洋上设立了28年4月的发射日期 , 62年到28年 。
experiment proved that phagocytic percentage and phagocytic index of celiac macrophage could be increased , transformation of lymphocyte could be increased by xin an grain .	实验证明 , 纤维宏观的平均比率和平均指数可提高 , 淋巴细胞的变化可以增加 。
he also noted that when looking for solutions to the problems , equal consideration should be given to denuclearizing the korean peninsula and addressing the security concerns of the dprk .	他还指出 , 当寻找解决问题时 , 应该给予认识韩国prk的安全关注 , 并将安全关注 。
methods:221 patients with depression and 178 normal controls were measured with the family dynamics questionnaire and family environment scalechinese version . results: 1 .	方法:采用家庭动态问卷和家庭环境规模调查和178例正常控制的21例患者进行抑郁和178例正常控制 。
the main business profit is an important index that department in charge , stockholder and user of the statements pay great attention to , its truthfulness is the main task of the auditing work .	主要的业务利润是查理、股东和用户支付的重要指标 , 其实际性是审计工作的主要任务 。
analysis and explorations are made to the rupture phenomena of te first cross member in sh6700 light bus floor . 3structure improvement plans are put forward on the basis .	分析和探索是为了在基础上 , 提出了第一次交叉成员在sh6700光线地板的破碎现象 , 提出了三个结构改进计划 。
the second part analyses the concept , background and current situation of watersaving green space , and makes sure the need and feasibility of watersaving green space development ;	第二部分分析了水库绿色空间的概念、背景和目前的情况 , 并确定了绿色空间的需要和可行性 ;
by pursuing graduate studies , they can get the chance to be a member of civil servants or political department and get high salary as well as get a higher social status .	通过追求大学生的研究 , 他们可以获得民事服务器或政治部门的机会 , 并获得更高的社会状况 。
an old well , abandoned wilderness , in the writer's eyes are beautiful , it nourished a few generations of the world lives and depleted the number of trickling effort ?	在作家眼睛美丽的时候 , 一个古老的好处 , 还有几代世界生活的活动 , 还有很多努力呢 ?
for example , a number of research studies found that social science majors had achieved greater managerial success than those who had technical training or preprofessional courses .	例如 , 很多研究发现 , 社会科学主要成功的研究发现 , 比那些有技术培训或专业课程的那些更大的管理成功 。
in 2004 , sh company is facing duple restrictions from the market and bank , which result in the problem of repayment of bank loan , difficulty in raising money and shortage of working capital .	2004年 , sh公司正面对从市场和银行的负责限制 , 导致银行贷款支付的问题 , 难以提高资本的困难和缺陷 。
this paper introduces the solution of incomplete separation of waste alkali liquor in the cyclohexane oxidation unit applying coalescence separation through experiment and innovation .	本文通过实验和创新试验 , 介绍了废弃碱液的不完全分离解方案 。
the recreational corner of the bedroom , black cloth art ground lamp is tiein and coriaceous single person sofa and footrest , arranged the good place of individual have a rest .	卧室的重新角落 , 黑色的艺术背景灯是疲惫的 , 身边的单个人足球和脚趾 , 把个人放在一个休息的地方 。
marion lynette snowden:hope you can build an international jci standard hospital with us , let all mothers and babies in china can get best medical care and on the same steps with the world .	玛丽妮特·雪登:希望你可以建立一个国际jci标准医院 , 让所有母亲和婴儿都能获得最好的医疗保健和同步 。
liverpool are expected to overcome psv eindhoven after chalking up a 30 quarterfinal firstleg lead and that will provide chelsea with the opportunity to finally get even with the merseysiders .	利物浦预计在30个季度第一领导下收入psvinoven之后 , 最终将提供切尔西 。
the ship auction committee shall be composed of three or five persons , that is , execution officers appointed , as well as auctioneers and surveyors engaged by the maritime court .	船舶拍卖委员会由三个或五个人组成 , 这是执行官 , 以及拍卖人和调查人员 。
yago loaned to bari after sergio bernardo almiron , another bianconero left turin to move to bari . it is young spanish player yago silva falque .	雅虎贷款在塞塞吉奥·伯纳诺诺诺·阿尔顿后 , 另外一个巴黎离开 , 是年轻的西班牙球员 。
the party's sixth plenary of sixteen session made a series of entire and specific arrangements for harmonious culture construction for current and future a period .	党的六十年会议的第六次 , 为了当前和谐文化建设和未来的一系列完整和特定的安排 。
to do this , use the find utility to locate and review all files you've accessed or changed during a certain time period today , yesterday , or at any date or segment of time in the past .	为了做此 , 使用该发现实用来定位和评估你在某些时间期间访问或改变的所有文件 , 昨天 , 或者在过去的任何日期或部分时间 。
based on the submarine soft rock supporting engineering in beizao mine of longkou mining corporation , the physical model tests of interaction of usteel support and roadway were carried out .	根据北京矿业公司的子mar软岩支持工程 , 提出了利用teel支持和路径相互作用的物理模型试验 。
methods:cell growth and differentiation were analysed by trypan blue dye exclusion test , 7690 xu fluorescein staining and transmission electric microscopy .	方法:采用trypan蓝色染色试验、7690型荧光素固定和传输电镜分析了细胞生长和分化 。
objective to inquire into the adsorptivity of hcv rna by the inner surface of machinecollected plasma bags and their tubes which were produced , using pvc as main raw material .	目的探讨hcvrna内部表面的吸附性 , 采用pv作为主要原料 , 探讨了机械集成的血浆袋的吸附性及其管道 。
the solidification model of twinroller strip casting is established . the solidification process of strip casting is mathematically simulated by using the finite element software .	利用有限元软件的有限元软件 , 建立了twinrollower的固化模型 , 利用有限元软件的固化过程 。
the intellectual property rights for all prizewinning works will belong to the mcu r&d division . works will be published in the special 22st mcu literary prize magazine .	所有奖励作品的知识产权将属于mcu&d分配 , 工作将在特殊的二十二个文献奖中发表 。
for example , evaporation from water surface decreased , relative humidity near to the ground surface increased , sunshine hours reduced and wind speed decreased .	例如 , 从水表面降低 , 相对湿度随地面面的增加 , 阳光降低 , 风速降低 。
it is named after wilbur l . scoville , an american scientist who , in 1912 , developed a test to measure levels of capsaicin , the chemical that creates the heat in chilli .	经过wilburll.soville的名称 , 1912年美国科学家 , 开发了一个测试 , 用于测量cpsaicin的化学水平 , 创造了基里的热量 。
when blood sugar rises to a certain degree , saturated central issue gastric disorder signal . if all the nutrients , to reduce weight a biscuit products .	当血糖上升到某些程度 , 饱和的中央问题消失信号时 , 如果所有营养者 , 减少了一个自行产品 。
and here , through the mere excitement , i rapped heavily , with a cane which i held in my hand , upon that very portion of the brickwork behind which stood the corpse of the wife of my bosom .	在这里 , 通过只有的兴奋 , 我轻轻地抓住了我的手里 , 拿着一只蜡烛 , 就在那里 , 站在我身后的老婆的那里 , 站在那里 。
each one of a person’s ten fingers leaves a distinct impression , and the elasticity of skin makes it all but impossible to leave precisely the same fingerprint impression twice .	每个人的十个手指都留下了一个不同的印象 , 皮肤的弹性使得皮肤的弹性使得皮肤的弹性 , 但不可能准确地留下两个手指印象 。
xiong yumei , deputy director of beijing tourism administration , said , " the booking rate in all starrated hotels in beijing in july increased one percent from may . "	北京旅游管理管理局副主任谢梅i说 , 今年7月 , 今年7月 , 北京市各地的各个旅馆的书籍率增加了一% 。
colombia's carbon emissions are relatively low because of plentiful river systems feed enough hydropower generators to supply some 70% of electricity needs . 10 .	哥伦比亚的碳排放量比较低 , 因此 , 足够的河系统产生了足够的水能源生成器 , 供给了一些70%的电力需求 。
d latch and d flipflop circuits using floatinggate mos are designed . in order to introduce the application of d flipflop , we design the register and counter by d flipflops .	为了介绍dfflipfffloppploppproppproppppropppp应用 , 设计了用fliplops设计的rest和对策 。
fed by the 100plus inches of rain per year that fall in olympic national park , evergreen trees rise above the fog that fills this olympic mountain's valley .	每年的雨水每年下跌100英里 , 每年下跌在奥运会国家公园里 , 每年的树上升到了这个奥运会山谷 。
the superantigen fusion protein cell factor is actually a substitute for the antigen in the prior art , has a targeting function and is a new prospective medicament different from the antigen .	超源融合蛋白质细胞因子实际上是一种在优先艺术中的抗原基因 , 具有目标功能 , 是一种新的前景介质 。
project management is a carefully planned and organized effort to accomplish a specific onetime effort , for example , construct a building or implement a new computer system .	项目管理是一项全面规划和组织的努力 , 完成特定的一次努力 , 例如 , 建立一个新的计算机系统 。
the geological cause of the mixed layer and its distributing characters are defined by spore pollen analysis , scanning electron microscope and c14 isotope test in this paper .	通过对混合层的地质原因及其分布特征的分布性进行了分布分析 , 筛选电子镜和c14分布测试 。
the modern people want to understand correctly three big nutrients , these three big nutrient everybody attention , first controls animalism , along with age increase , decreases progressively .	现代人民想明白三大营养 , 这些三大营养都有关注 , 首先控制动物 , 随着年龄的增加 , 逐渐降低 。
dedication to make friends , and friends , the heart of india , the situation tied up , helping hands , sincere cooperation , mutual benefit and create a better tomorrow !	为了让朋友 , 和朋友 , 印度的心脏 , 情景帮助手 , 帮助手 , 自由合作 , 共同创造更好 !
china has enlisted pakistani cooperation in quashing potential muslim insurgencies in its farwestern province of xinjiang , bordering pakistan and afghanistan .	中国已经进入巴基斯坦合作在新疆西部的巴基斯坦、巴基斯坦和阿富汗 。
soft start valves are used to throttle the gas flow in roughing lines . they prevent turbulences in piping and containers , particulate contamination in vacuum installations .	软开始阀被用来将气体流在混合线上 , 防止管道和包装箱内的管道 , 尤其污染在真空安装中 。
food intolerance can also be used to describe a much less welldefined collection of symptoms that some people suffer from on consuming certain foods for which no clear basis is known .	食品进化剂也可以用来描述一个较好的症状的回收症状 , 一些人在消费某些食物 , 没有清晰的基础上没有明确的食物 。
the boiling point rise of dilute solution in physical chemistry seems to contradict with vapor distillation in experiment of organic chemistry . actually , they are of different principles .	实际上 , 物理化学物理化学物理化学物理化学物理化学的沸点似乎与蒸汽蒸馏相比 , 实际上 , 它们是不同的原则 。
the deck erection gantry is a specialized equipment for erection of suspension bridge deck segments , it has mainly two forms of winch type and hydraulic lifting type .	锁定电镀玻璃是一种用于悬浮桥的特殊设备 , 主要有两种金属型和液压软件类型的特殊化设备 。
on july 21 , 2005 , premier wen jiabao of the state council met in the great of the people with guyana's prime minister samuel hinds who is paying a working visit to china .	2005年7月21日 , 2005年7月21日 , 国务委员会总理温家宝在大众参观中国的首席萨米尔·萨米尔·艾默尔 。
chapter iii should be natural and the reality of conflict , analyzed and discussed the people's jury selection , training , legal empowerment and supervision of several elements .	第二章应该是自然的和现实 , 分析了人民的陪审选、培训、法律的选择、培训、法律性和监督 。
on the basis of this , the paper divides the whole chapter into nine sections , with each section divided into three parts of " original text " , " textual research " , and " interpretations " .	在此基础上 , 本文分别分为九个部分 , 每个部分分为三个部分 " 原始文本 " 、 " 文本研究 " 和 " 解释 " 三部分 。
secondly , the scheme scanning exterior environment and the scheme evaluating quantitatively exterior environment of institutes' transformation with efe matrix method are discussed ;	第二 , 讨论了电子邮件矩阵方法的数量外部环境和方案评估了机构外部环境的定量外部环境 , 并讨论了电子邮件矩阵方法的变换 。
jobs become scarcer and the wallace children begin to realize that their father is a violent monster who daily terrorizes their mother and refuses to feed his children .	乔布斯变得惊讶 , 沃尔兰的孩子开始意识到他们父亲是一个暴力的蒙特 , 每天都恐怕他们的母亲 , 拒绝他的孩子 。
the second chapter is a detailed explication on the techniques in image creation , effects of special language structures , and formalism in textual arrangement in classical chinese poetry .	第二章是一篇详细阐述了在图像创建、特殊语言结构的创作、效果、正式主义在古典诗歌中 。
thirdly , based on theoretical hypotheses of collective identity , the paper classifies the theories of european identity into two perspectives: primordialism and constructivism .	第三 , 基于集体身份的理论假设 , 本文分类了欧洲身份理论的理论 , 分为两个方面:道德主义和建设主义 。
the influential factors of noise for dimethyl ether engine are studied and analyzed through experiments by using method of combustion noise and effective solutions for noise reduction are found out .	利用燃烧噪声和有效解决方法 , 研究了二甲乙烯发动机的噪声噪声发动机噪声噪声的影响因素 。
skyrocketing food prices have increased attention to the larger challenge of overcoming hunger and malnutrition , the “forgotten” u . n . millennium development goal .	天然攻击食品价格已经增加了重视饥饿和恶化营养的大挑战 , 因此 , 美国的发展目标 。
he had been stranded since saturday evening , when he and his 67yearold uncle got into trouble during a hunting expedition and the ice floe on which he was standing broke away .	周六晚上 , 他和他的67岁的叔叔叔在猎物过程中遭到困难 , 冰流 , 直到他站在那里 。
many kinds of hormone are involved in the regulation of uterine action by autocrine or paracrine fashion , such as oxytocin , prostaglandins and endothelin et al .	许多激素参与了自动或教学时尚的规定 , 例如氧化钙、前列腺和内皮素等 。
while pastis had depicted various crocodiles in the strip as early as february 2004 , these crocs were relatively competent and spoke normal english in a normal typeface .	2004年2月 , 过去一直被描绘了各种类型的鳄鱼 , 这些鳄鱼是相对竞争和正常的英语 。
if you can't read the data when you have accessed it , the decryption keys are corrupted , or the server rejects it because the vendor is using its own encryption algorithm .	如果你没有访问的数据时 , 那么减少关键被腐败 , 或者服务器拒绝它是因为供应商使用自己的加密算法 。
he it is who weaves the web of this in evanescent hues of gold and silver , blue and green , and lets peep out through the folds his feet , at whose touch i forget myself .	他是谁穿着这条穿着金和银、蓝色和绿色的网站 , 让我们穿过他的脚 , 让我忘记自己 。
relying on its favorable conditions of humane resources for tourism , shanxi province is now famous for its compound culture while keen competition among its compounds begins .	依赖于人类资源资源的优势 , 山西省目前是其复合文化的著名 , 同时在其复合的开始之间 , 开放竞争 。
adults are usually absent in blyton's books , allowing children to be powerful: travelling and cooking for themselves , visiting magic lands or solving mysteries .	成年通常在布林顿的书中 , 允许孩子们有力:旅游和烹饪自己 , 游览魔术地 , 或者解决神秘 。
a crucial issue for the popularization of high viscous polymer devolatilization process is to develop high efficiency mass transfer apparatus with improved surface renewal rate .	针对高粘聚合聚合物变化过程的流行问题 , 开发了高效的质量转移器 , 提高表面再生率的高效率 。
this group teaching program had a positive effect on heart attack patients not only for improving knowledge but lowering the degree of uncertainty and depression throughout the disease course .	本组教学项目对心脏攻击患者不仅为了提高知识 , 而不确定性和抑郁程度下降 。
results the recovery and total effective rates were 93 . 3% and 62 . 2% for group of hypertonic saline , and significantly higher than those of ns plus oral prednisone group .	结果 , 回收率和总有效率为93.3%和62.2% , 比ns或alnis组更高 。
the game of bingo is an ongong american custom that is encouraged by civic groups , and is condoned by the church as well , in exchange for the needed income the game provides .	博物馆的游戏是一个由民间团体鼓励的美国客户 , 并且由教会和教堂交换 , 需要收入的游戏提供的需要 。
box 12: gross weight in kilos should be shown here . other units of measurement e . g . volume or number of items which would indicate exact quantities may be used when customary .	箱12:应该在这里展示 , 其他单位的测量e.g.umumum或许多项目的时候可以使用 。
crossing over the highway , away from the shenzhen international airport , the port only a dozen kilometers away from guangzhou new baiyun international airport , one hour full speed .	跨越高速公路 , 远离深圳国际机场 , 港口只有几个公里远离广州新巴州国际机场 , 一小时全速 。
with the built of marketing economy system , the rapid development of national economy and enhancement of human living standards , medicine and healthcare industries have been developed rapidly .	随着市场经济体系的建设 , 全国经济的迅速发展 , 增强人类生活标准、医学和医疗业已迅速发展 。
the second floor of the pavilion will be transparent . the pavilion will symbolize the imagination and creativity of hong kong people , said ng hon wing , director of the pavilion .	香港人民的第二层地板将是透明的 , 旅行将符合香港人民的想象和创造力 , 表示 。
sarge explained why he picked me: “a player can have great skills , but his talent won’t mean much if he doesn’t apply himself and get the job done , ” he said .	他说 , 目标解释为什么他选择了我: " 球员能有很大的技能 , 但是他的才能不太意味着他没有应用自己并获得工作 。 "
chapter 1 mainly introduces the current export situation of chinese textiles and apparel , especially the new problems arising from the soaring volumes and slumping export prices .	第一章主要介绍了中国纺织品的出口状况 , 尤其是新问题从容量和滑出出出出口价格的新问题 。
different specifications for heating glassware , but i guarantee the quality of drying , heating system and below the nozzle position , the inclination should be able to easily adjust .	加热玻璃ware的不同规范 , 但是我保证干燥系统的质量 , 加热系统的质量 , 下面的节点位置 , 应该很容易调整 。
such different sources as the native americans , rudolph steiner and our friends at findhorn have influenced our learning of the appropriate harmonic role in relation to the earth .	如此不同的来源 , 美国人 , 俄罗斯蒂夫和我们的朋友在发现horn的学习对地球的适当和谐角色有影响 。
the 23 existing couplets belonging to the mansion house best manifest zhang's wit and humor , his political ambition , attitude and his attachment to hometown and relatives .	23个现有的夫妇属于张的妻子和幽默 , 他的政治成员、态度和他的娱乐 。
whereas turks tend to be warm and extrovert , your average georgian seems much more selfcontained and reserved – not entirely dissimilar to your average briton , really .	在那里 , 你的平均乔治亚似乎更加自我保持和储存的地方 , 不完全相似你的平均英国 , 真正 。
displaying its spectrum of shades in an attempt to attract the attention of the less vibrant brown spiders , the creature reveals hues of orange , yellow , green and blue .	展示了它的影像 , 试图吸引小型浏览器的注意力 , 创造显示了橙色、绿色和蓝色 。
" i'm not going to go up against guillem if his best investigative report says there is a deal in place playertoclub i believe that , what i think is shameless is calderon , " said hunter .	" 如果他最好的调查报告说 , 我不会再去杀害 , 我认为 , 我认为 , 什么是无耻的 , " 亨特说 。
they see their province as teeming with resources ? fish , forests , minerals and now oil ? that outsiders have profited from , sometimes unfairly , leaving only crumbs behind .	他们看到他们的省 , 与资源 , 鱼 , 鱼 , 鱼 , 鱼 , 石油 , 现在的石油 ? 外国人已经证实 , 有时只剩下的货物 。
some schools have already started separating the sexes for some lessons and say it has eliminated the " peacock effect " of boys showing off and provided a more equal distribution of teacher time .	一些学校已经开始分离了一些课程的性别 , 说它已经消除了 " 桃效果 " , 并提供更平等的教师 。
in retrospect , kafka was a noble attempt to adapt the complexity of kafka's work to the movies , and it hinted at soderbergh's genre experiments to come .	在回顾中 , kafka是一个诺贝克试图适应kafka工作的复杂性 , 并且在索德伯格的一代实验中获得的实验 。
after world war i , henry ford and general motors' alfred sloan moved world manufacture from centuries of craft production led by european firms into the age of mass production .	在世界战争之后 , 亨利福德和普通汽车的自我滑雪运动了世界制造的世界制造 , 由欧洲企业进入大量生产的时代 。
professor popkin says american schools also need to improve their nutrition . for example , schools may have vending machellones that offer what many people would consider junk food .	比如 , 美国学校还需要提高营养 。 比如 , 学校也可以提供给许多人会考虑到垃圾食物 。
but wga west president patric verrone told the more than 3 , 000 writers in attendance saturday night that the strike would end only after they voted to approve the contract .	但是wga西方总统帕特特里·沃尔曼告诉 , 周六晚上3 , 000名作家在参加这次合同之后 , 只有在他们投票之后才能结束 。
amoi is a wellknown domestic mobile phone manufacturing enterprise . because of a8 , a " will dancing " mobile phone , amoi earned much money in 2002 and 2003 .	moi是一家著名的国内移动电话制造企业 , 由于a8 , 由于a8 , 一个 " 手机 " , 2002年和2003年获得了很多钱 。
while this may sound inefficient , remember that in most observer situations , each component has a small number of listeners , and insertions and removal are greatly outnumbered by traversals .	虽然这可能很有效 , 记得大多数观察者的情况下 , 每个组件都有一个小量的听众 , 并且吸收和远程很大 。
the belief possesses three characteristics such as the abundant mazu temples , rich poems in praise of mazu and its close relation with the activities of fujian businessmen .	信念上有三个特色 , 如大多数杂志庙、丰富的诗歌 , 并与福建商业活动密切相关 。
the website says: " this silicon small sex dolls is our unique design on market in 2016 , sex dolls with hot japanese pure girl , female real sex doll robot for man . "	网站说: " 这个硅小型的性能娃娃是2016年市场上独特的设计 , 性别的日本纯洁的女孩 , 女性真正的机器人 。 "
jobs , pi: as time marched on , the moustache made a comeback rumours that he was going to ditch silicon valley for the san fernando valley proved unfounded .	乔布斯:当时3月 , 穆斯塔切让他想去去达到硅谷的时候 , 他已经证明了没有资金 。
he lost out but we reckon that , given he got to hang on for lots more films instead of wearing a turban and then getting done in by an 11 yearold , he's probably over it now .	他失去了 , 但是 , 让他在很多电影上挂起更多的电影 , 相反穿着城市 , 然后在11岁的时候 , 他也许会在这里做 。
more than 90% of employees in selfgoverning firms , and twothirds in the informedacquiescence category , agreed that " good ideas are readily adopted by my company " .	超过90%的员工 , 自治公司的两分之二 , 同意 , " 良好的想法已经准备了 。
article 102 after placing the subject matter in escrow , the obligor shall timely notify the obligee or his heir or guardian , except where the obligee cannot be located .	第十二条 , 第十十二条 , 违法应当注意到债务或保护人 , 除非债券不能被定位 。
more earnings from s&p 500 companies and a steady stream of toptier economic indicators will give investors more evidence of the economy's health throughout the week .	更多从s&p500公司获得了更多的收益 , 最高的经济指标者将给投资者提供更多的证据 。
the fractal parameters of pore structure are estimated based on the capillary pressure data before and after waterflooding to investigate the effect of waterflooding on variation of pore structure .	基于弹性压力数据的基本参数 , 研究了水流量对污染结构变化的影响 。
methods we observed effects of antiarrhythmic agents and synchronized cardioversion treatment of atrial fibrillation in 19 patients with preexcitation syndrome .	方法对19例前列腺综合征综合征心肌梗死患者的抗水力学代理及同步心肌梗死的影响进行了观察 。
conclusion both the nickel titanium patella fixation and the adjustable patella fracture reduce device have the satisfactory effect for treatment of patella fracture .	结论nickel钛板固定和可调节patea骨折降低设备具有满足的疗效 。
established in 2006 , shenzhen siemax cables technology co . , ltd , is one of the leading suppliers for the " structured communications solutions " in china .	2006年建立了深圳iemax电缆技术有限公司 , 是中国的 " 结构通信解决方案 " 的领先供应商之一 。
professionally producing transmission belt , oil seal , mould rubber parts , silicon hose , tensioner for passenger cars , light and heavy duty vehicles .	专业生产传输带 , 油封 , 模具橡胶部件 , 硅端 , 张力传感器 , 光和重量的汽车 。
this private residence , located in the dongcheng district of beijing , is a traditional " siheyuan " type of residence where the courtyard is the center of the house .	这个私人居民 , 位于北京东京 , 是一个传统的 " 河南 " 居民类型的中心 。
the color male money of these dress composed , female money is bold and unrestrained , but the figure that having same heavy and complicated , artistic touch is dyeinthewood .	这些衣服的颜色男性钱成成了 , 女性金钱被绑架 , 但是有相同的重量和复杂 , 艺术触摸是染的 。
telecommunications technology co . , ltd . shenzhen peng is a research and development , production , sales and service into a professional led screen manufacturer of digital control information .	深圳市电信技术有限公司是一家研究、开发、销售、销售和服务的专业领域屏幕制造商 。
depict the influence on the plant cellular , caused by the added high electrostatic field , by the bimolecular lipid membranes , and deduce the micro principles .	通过对植物细胞细胞的影响 , 增加了高电子元素场的影响 , 通过生物分子lipid成分 , 并将微量原理推导出微分子 。
it turns out that the knapsacks were brighter than the polo shirts . the thread color that looked good on the knapsacks was too dark to read on the shirts .	结果表明 , knapsacksack比波罗衬衫更明亮 , 线程颜色看起来很好的knapsack太黑了 。
article 19 1 the adjusted net capital amount of futures commission merchants shall not be less than 6 percent of the total amount of customer margin account .	第十十条未来委员会委员会委员会的调整网络资本资本资本资本资本资本 , 应该不超过6%的客户标志总额 。
by the determination of multistyle elastic silk of single or double layer , it shows that the elasticity of the prepared fabrics can all reach medium or low levels .	通过测定单或双层的多层弹性弹性的测定 , 表明 , 制备的弹性能都可以达到中低水平 。
the mechanism , structure features of dynamic wave wet scrubber are briefly presented , and its applications in sulfuric acid and compound fertilizer productions are exemplified .	简要介绍了动态波浪螺杆的机理、结构特点 , 简要介绍了其在硫酸和复合肥料生产中的应用 。
but despite efforts to step up enforcement , including suspending production last month at a number of battery factories , the government's response remains faltering .	但是尽管尽管努力步骤加强 , 包括在几个月的电池工厂的持续生产 , 政府的反应仍然不过 。
on the basis of analysis , the qingdao port group's overall development strategy is developed . finally , a number of recommendations to enhance the competitiveness of the group are presented .	在分析的基础上 , 开发了青岛港口集团整体发展策略 , 最后 , 提出了许多建议提高群体竞争力的建议 。
in addition , on the aspect of the sziit supervisor's observation on class performance , the teaching contents are totally different , and the experimental classes' performances are more active .	此外 , 在sziit监督员的观察方面 , 教学内容是不同的 , 实验课程的性能更为活跃 。
ten days later , during the 36th week of gestation , word arrived that a baby had died during or shortly after birth and the parents had agreed to donate the infant's heart .	十天之后 , 在36周的森林中 , 话到了一个孩子在生命之后 , 父母同意捐献婴儿心脏 。
chief introduction of the company jingu eastro handicraft limited company is a professional enterprise specializing in the production of handicrafts with fully minor ethnic group features .	公司江东手工有限公司的首席介绍是一家专业的企业专业化在生产全部小组的手工艺工艺专业化公司 。
there is no need to maintain session affinity at the plugin router level , as session affinities will be taken care of by the odrs when the requests are forwarded on to the application servers .	在插件路由器级别上 , 没有需要维持会话界限 , 因为会话金融会将由odrs所需的请求的时候被提交到应用服务器 。
following an investigation into the possibilities of materials including recycled glass , stucco and marble , the architects settled on stone as the best option .	接下来对材料的可能性进行了研究 , 包括回收玻璃、石头和石头的最佳选择 。
yu'ebao , china's most popular internet fund , is an investment service jointly offered by alipay , china's leading online payments provider , and tianhong asset management .	中国最受欢迎的互联网基金 , 是一家投资服务 , 中国领先在线支付提供商 , 以及天津资产管理公司的投资服务 。
underwater gps positioning system includes four parts which are gps differential reference station , gps buoy subsystem , underwater pinger , shipbased data processing and control center .	下水下gps位置系统包括四个部分 , 包括gps不同参考站、gps购买子系统、下水下pinger、基于数据处理和控制中心 。
" i think luxehomes' content is very comprehensive . i particularly like the stories with forwardlooking angles , " says louis ho , a director of centaline's stately homes .	" 我认为luxhomeme的内容非常全面 , 我特别喜欢与前面的角度的故事 , " 路易斯霍说 , " 中央主任的路易斯霍说 。
results:during the procedure of combined liver and kidney harvesting , 1 right renal vein and 2 left renal arteries were injured , 3 renal perfusion were not satisfied .	结果:调查了联合肝脏和肾损伤的过程 , 1右肾动脉和2左肾肾动脉和2左侧肾动脉 , 3例肾损伤 。
a source of electricity consisting of a number of alternating disks of two different metals separated by acidmoistened pads , forming primary cells connected in series .	一种电力源由两种不同金属分离的两种不同金属的磁盘组成 , 形成了初始细胞连接的主要细胞 。
the letter to the hebrews , one letter of john , he rejects the shepherd of hermas , which is a book that we include in a groupings of writing we call the apostolic fathers .	信给英国 , 约翰的一封信 , 他拒绝了她们的牧师 , 这是一本书 , 我们包括在一个叫做 " 假设父亲 " 的书中 。
in west germany , foreign minister hansdietrich genscher urged moscowto shut all nuclearpower plants similar to the one at chernobyl .	在西德国 , 外交部长hansdietrichgenscher转向莫斯科 , 将所有核能源植物类似于切诺贝尔 。
various designs of single stage , double stage and multistage or their combination can be customized accordingly for deferent demands of sterilization , insulation and cooling .	根据单阶段、双阶段和多阶段的设计 , 可以根据单阶段、单阶段、双阶段和多阶段 , 可以自定义单一的单一阶段的单一阶段、模拟和冷却的需求 。
folders , for example , are a wellknown metaphor for file organization , and they have replaced “directories , ” which were used previously in commandline operating systems .	例如 , 对于文件组织来说 , 他们已经取代了 " 指令操作系统中使用的指令操作系统 。
phonetics , grammar , vocabulary , listening , speaking , reading and writing skills in this stage , to realize breakthrough , to lay the foundation , a habit .	电话 , 语音 , 声音 , 听 , 阅读 , 阅读和编写技能 , 实现破坏 , 实现基础 , 习惯 。
the lack of legal foundation of defense counsel in procedure for review of death sentences leads to the obstacles on operation and guarantee of defense of the counsel .	缺乏防御委员会的法律基础 , 为了评估死亡事件的审查 , 导致死亡事故的障碍和保证 。
the results of the experiment indicated that the training system for athletes of speed strength events and groups could lead to a remarkable adaptive change in cardiac shapes and functions .	实验结果表明 , 试验结果表明 , 速度事件的训练系统能够导致心脏形状和功能的自适应变化 。
to resolve the large time jitter error of middlelong range action in uwb fuse systems , a novel time system base on crystal frequency division has been proposed .	为了解决在uwb燃烧系统中部范围行为的最大的时间jitter错误 , 提出了一种基于晶频率分割的小时系统基础 。
big accounting firms are offering similar increases , according to j . patrick gorman , founder of ifind group , a new yorkbased cpa recruiting firm .	根据j.patrickgorman的创始人 , 纽约的cpas招聘公司的创始人 , 根据纽约的cpait公司提供了相似的增加 。
in a study involving 2 , 604 residents of hisayama , japan , the researchers examined the association between serum cholesterol level and incidence of gastric cancer .	在一项研究中 , 包括2 , 604名日本居民 , 研究人员检查了血清胆固醇水平与胃癌患者之间的关系 。
methods 37 cases who had taken relative exploring sign underwent cholangiography before choledochotomy , and the negative patients would not take choledochus exploration .	方法对37例患者采取相对的探索信号进行检查 , 检查后的临床病人不会采取巧克力探索 。
i have been fortunate to work with hitachi for over 25years starting with delivery of the transilift to hitachi port in 1984 and i am looking forward to the continuation of our relationship .	在1984年 , 我一直在努力与艾蒂达一起工作 , 为了在1984年开始转换到泰国港 , 并且我希望向我们的关系继续 。
tentatively , this study introduced simple and economical dynamic cone penetrometer and impact soil tester for facilitating the investigation of subgrade and upgrading its quality .	本研究旨在介绍了简单、经济动态混凝土混凝土混凝土的动态动力学动力学和影响土壤测试器 , 加强其质量 。
aim using the variance matrix of estimated error , positional accuracy can be compared with different mixing together data , it has put forward a kind of basis for system location to select data .	目的利用估计误差的变量矩阵 , 可比较不同混合数据的位置精度 , 提出了一种基于系统位置的基础 。
lccs have benefited from increasing price sensitivity of consumers and business travellers and lower oil prices that have flowed from the global economic malaise .	lccs已经从增加了消费者和商业旅游者的价格敏感 , 并从全球经济上流出的油价 。
these groups are especially vulnerable because they often experience extended survival during which neurocognitive complications of therapy may cause more impairment than the tumor itself .	这些群体特别是脆弱的 , 因为他们经常经常经历过的生存期 , 这种治疗神经认知复杂期间的神经生存 , 可能造成比肿瘤本身更具实现 。
the simulation experiment shows that the parallel processing method obtains sub linear speedup , and the requirement for real time identification of internal model online is basically satisfied .	仿真实验表明 , 平板处理方法获得子线性速度 , 实时识别内部模型的实时识别要求是基本的 。
the measles initiative is a collaborative effort of who , unicef , the american red cross , the united states centers for disease control and prevention , and the united nations foundation .	测量机构是一个合作的努力 , 联合国 , 美国红交叉 , 美国中心的病毒控制和预防中心 , 美国基金会 。
the paper focuses on the emerging social historical grounds of new realism novels and discusses how the writers direct the contemporary literature development and cognitive strategies .	本文重点介绍了新现实主义小说的社会历史地面 , 并讨论了如何直接对当代文献发展和认知策略的作者如何 。
thirdly , it exposes the corruption of fedual government , which derives from niu xiu " s advanced political thoughts and rough official career . "	第三 , 论述了农村政府的腐败 , 是从niu " 先进的政治思想和官方职业的腐败 。
companies and enterprises should also pay attention to the mental health of employees and help them relieve pressure through lectures and psychological counseling , wu suggested .	公司和企业也应注意到员工心理健康 , 帮助他们通过学习和心理咨询 , 吴建议 。
through the analysis on phenomenon of big tree into city and the status quo of scenic forest in city , the necessity and urgency of scenic forest protection were expounded .	通过对城市大树的现象分析 , 阐述了城市景观森林的现象 , 建立了景观森林保护的必要性和基因 。
adhesive , disintegrating agent and enteric garment to put on weight , with the release of reduced glutathione degree as the optimum prescription of entericcoated .	粘剂 , 消毒剂和进口服装放在重量上 , 随着降低温度的释放 , 作为进一步的最佳预测 。
the attitude of magnetic foliation , which clearly suggests the emplacement of the magma in different tectonic units , is consistent with rock shapes and distribution of rock units .	磁化融合的态度 , 明显地表明 , 不同的构造单元中的磁磁场的实现 , 由岩石形状和分布组成 。
actually dao yin didn't also want to good want to sell , he just wanted to see if they can make any repercussions , dao yin renhui won't inherit his judge the proposal .	实际上 , 丹尼也不想卖好 , 他只是想看到他们能做出任何重新救援 , 大卫再也不会再再次判断他的建议 。
spoon into the prepared muffin tin , filling each cup twothirds full . bake in the preheated 190c/375f oven for 2025 minutes , or until golden brown .	进入2025分钟 , 每杯两分之二 , 篮子在200c/375公里加热2025分钟 , 或者直到金棕色 。
besides , great importance was attached to the building of teaching and learning atmosphere . ten regulations made by the founder zhiyi ensured good teaching atmosphere .	另外 , 建筑和学习气氛的重要性是由创始人zhii进入了良好的教学氛围的十个规定 。
this article discusses a serious of problems exposed during the actual operation and application of the internal heat coke oven , analyses the reason and puts forward improvement schemes .	本文讨论了在内热炉实际运行和应用中的一个严重问题 , 并提出了改进方案 , 并提出了改进方案 。
objective to investigate the relationship between gliosis , synaptic reorganization and the mechanism of chronic temporal lobe epilepsy induced by kainic acid .	目的探讨慢性临床负荷癫痫患者的关系 , 同步恢复和慢性临时负荷癫痫的机理 。
to some extent , it is more practical to explain the process of determination by using signal detection theory than holding the ideal hypothesis of regarding the judge as reasonable .	为了某些实用性 , 使用信号检测理论来解释 , 使用信号检测理想的理想假设的过程 。
it is pointed out that , in the case of having radial flexible mechanism , the wear between anti rotation mechanism and scroll wrap exhibits synchronism and self compensation .	指出 , 在有辐射弹性弹性机理的情况下 , 抗旋转机理和螺旋桨的磨损情况下 , 表现了同步和自我补偿 。
numerical analysis illustrates that the improved genetic algorithm designing is successful in solving highdimension , multiconstrains , and nonlinear uc problem .	数值分析表明 , 改进的遗传算法设计成功于解决高维、多元素和非线性uc问题 。
the bank manager and other relevant bank personnels should be charged of breach of duty for causing the loss of 17 , 000 yuans . so why aren't they charged ?	银行管理人员和其他相关银行人员应该被查询为了引起17万元人失去的责任 , 所以为什么他们不被查询 ?
as a signal molecule , h2o2 derived from polyamine oxidation mediates cell death , the hypersensitive response and the expression of defence genes .	作为一种信号分子 , h2o2从多氨酸氧化介质中产生的h2o2 , 高敏反应和防御基因的表达 。
the offshore oil industry is built with high risks and investment intensified . improper use of operating fluids during development stage may cause reservoir damages .	在开发期间 , 建立了高风险和投资强度 , 改进运行流动的使用可能导致储层损害 。
the united states , he argues , needs to partner with iran and turkey to create a " powerful triangle " whose activities would promote a culture of democracy and combat extremism .	他认为 , 美国 , 他认为 , 需要与伊朗和土耳其合作伙伴 , 创造一个 " 强大的三角 " , 他们的活动将促进民主和战斗极端主义文化 。
this was hard to swallow for tunisians proud of the once exemplary educational system nurtured by their first president , habib bourguiba , whom ben ali ousted in 1987 .	这是很难关闭在1987年 , 哈bibbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbuiba的教育体系 。
this is not to inhibit full and free expression: this is not to lose spontaneity ; authenticity , and the important sincerity we communicate simultaneously .	这并不能抑制整个自由表达:这不会失去灵活性 ; 实体性 , 以及我们通信的重要性 。
she goes on , " we're electrical engineers , and we really needed more help from ocean engineers , but to get them we needed more funding , and to get more funding we needed to show some success . "	她去了 , " 我们是电工程师 , 我们真正需要更多的帮助来自海洋工程师的帮助 , 但是我们需要更多的资金 , 我们需要更多的资金 。 "
“we can put your mom’s picture and her jewelry box right here on top , ”michele said , and kristen felt so lucky to have a family who loved her and wanted to make her happy .	" 我们可以把你的妈妈的图片和她的珠宝盒放在这里 , " 米切尔说 , 克里感到很幸福 , 让她感到幸福 。
instead , he thinks yoga helps keep people more in tune with their bodies and eating habits and aware of bad habits , such as eating because of stress , boredom or depression .	相反 , 他认为瑜伽有助于保持更多的身体和吃肉习惯和意识到坏习惯 , 比如压力 , 或抑郁 。
volunteers who worked in rooms lit by a lamp with an incandescent light bulb instead of overhead fluorescents solved problems requiring novel thinking more successfully .	志愿者们在房间里工作 , 与一个带有的光泡相比 , 因此 , 解决了需要的小说的问题更成功 。
five loud blasts were reported at gaddafi's bab alaziziya compound , where he had made an address on tuesday night and which had been first attacked on sunday night .	星期二晚上 , 五名洛杉矶爆炸爆炸炸炸炸炸炸炸炸炸炸炸炸炸炸炸炸炸炸炸炸炸弹袭击 。
with a certain assumption , we conclude that the relationship between price level , quantity produced and cost parameter is same at both extreme levels of risk avoidance .	随着某些假设 , 我们结论价格水平、数量产生和成本参数的关系与风险避免的极端水平相同 。
the material balance equation for gas reservoir has been used to determine reserves and ogip of gas reservoir , judge its driving type and predict its production performance .	采用气储层的材料平衡方程 , 测定了气储层和气体储层的储层和ogip , 判断其驱动类型 , 并预测其生产性能 。
wan hui see tang sugar home happy , tang li and tian xin see tang sugar after come back home , it suggested that put home decorate the home to also can spacious points , everyone to move to villa .	吴华看到唐昌的家园快乐 , 唐丽和天天津看到唐糖回家后来 , 建议把家里装饰 , 每个人搬到村 。
the trend in the prosperity of new year films shows that it results from the close relationship between the social and cultural accumulation and the psychological sublimation to the films .	新年电影的繁荣趋势显示 , 由社会和文化积累与心理分子之间的密切关系 , 与电影的心理分子关系 。
this program focuses on helping mathematical teachers construct conceptual maps of the development of children's mathematical cognition through education practices and coresearching .	本项目重点通过教育实践和核心 , 通过教育实践 , 建立数学教师的概念地图 。
theaverage of t/es during the whole stages was about 2 . 06 . the maximum of it appeared in flag stage was about 78 , and its minimum appeared in winter was close to zero .	在整个阶段中 , t/s平均大约2.06年 , 法国阶段的最大幅度是78 , 冬季最低出现的 。
huoshan industrial economy which is called huoshan phenomenon by those who study economy had a sharp rise in this years , though it was a poverty county of national level .	黄山工业经济被称为黄山现象的黄山现象 , 这些研究经济已经上升 , 尽管它是国家水平的贫困县 。
that's because the new u . s . military strategy no longer focuses on going after enemy fighters in the mountains , but on winning over afghans in the cities and villages .	这是因为新美国军事战略不再重点在山区的敌战斗中 , 但在城市和村里赢得了阿富汗 。
in fact , foreign volunteers would like to deliver extemporaneously though they got prepared . and local teachers thought foreigners acted as trainer just for fun .	事实上 , 外国的志愿者喜欢向外国人发送极端的想法 , 尽管他们准备准备 , 而当地教师认为外国人只是训练者 。
vacationer accomodations are a nearby solarpowered hostel , with gardens and wild chickens . but by far , the highlight of the trip is the chance to see the grampians .	蒸汽器收入是一个附近的太阳能的酒店 , 花园和野鸡 , 但是目前 , 旅行的高度是看到了奥运会的机会 。
analyzing the function of firingoil tax , the paper discusses the influence of the coming firingoil tax in logistics industry and gives out the relevant countermeasures .	分析了融合税的功能 , 讨论了物流产业的融合税的影响 , 并给出了相关的对策 。
as ken tucker wrote at the time: ''finally , in his greatest moments of grief and fury , he showed us the most vulnerable , despairing side of the man of action . ''	正如肯肯尼克·托克勒写道: " 最终 , 在他的最大的时刻 , 他显示了最脆弱的时刻 , 把我们放在行动的男人中 。 "
handsome but also because of the floating children , had to rise in confidence , remembering their home made of silk and lu lin to discuss business , can open a silk line .	另外 , 还因为流动儿童 , 必须在信心上升 , 记得他们的家里制作丝绸和卢琳 , 可以打开一条银线 。
adding leafy greens to a dish is an easy way to add color , flavor and nutrients , writes martha rose shulman in this week's recipes for health .	加入叶绿是一种易于添加颜色、黄色和营养 , 写道玛丽莎玫瑰玫瑰花在本周的健康 。
from how to conduct yourself as an employee to what's considered competition , it's likely that you'll see something formalized about how the company views social media and your participation in it .	从如何制定自己作为一个考虑竞争的员工 , 你可能会看到一些正式化的关于公司的媒体和参与的形式化 。
the forest is fragrant , damp , and resonant . someone’s distant voice , someone’s protracted call or response reverberates marvelously in the far distant thickets .	森林是脆弱的 , 丹布和理由 , 有些人缺乏的声音 , 有些人被称为或响应的呼吁重新重新重新在远远远的厚度上 。
mr . jobs , who was treated for pancreatic cancer five years ago , went on medical leave in midjanuary to receive a liver transplant after exhibiting noticeable weight loss .	五年前 , 乔布斯先生在20月中旬接受了一个肝移植物 , 表示重量损失的医学休息 。
this method improves the estimating precision of the point spread function . wiener filter is fabricated for recovering the defocused image based on the defocused point spread function .	本方法提高了点传播函数的估计精度 , 建立了一种基于分配点传播函数的重点图像的重点图像 。
actually , each chapter and each caption formed the integral framework that knowledge of whole horse sagacious nods , this frame basically is build by fundamental rise .	实际上 , 每个章和每个节点都形成了整个马蹄的整合框架 , 这些框架基本上是由基本上上升的 。
on this basis , it raises a query optimization model for oql by introducing some query theories of rdb into the query process of oodb , and gives its implement strategy .	在此基础上 , 提出了一个查询优化模型 , 通过引入某些查询理论的查询优化模型 , 并给出了实现策略 。
the men with a genetic tendency toward lower bdnf levels seemed to lose their ability to perform complicated tasks at almost double the rate of the men without the variation .	随着一个基因密度的低dnf水平的男人似乎失去了他们的能力 , 几乎没有变化的男人几乎有复杂的任务 。
it is because they are afraid that theprivate employer will cutdown onjobs and many people , especially those whoare used to getting their wageswithout doing any work will lose their jobs .	这是因为他们担心 , 私人员将削减jobs和许多人 , 尤其是那些用来获得自己的工资 , 特别是谁会失去他们的工作 。
similarly indicative of this seachange in government policy , the chinese government has announced it will to ban shops from giving away free plastic shopping bags , effective from june 2008 .	与此同样的指出 , 中国政府政策的同样指出 , 中国政府宣布将从2008年6月提供免费塑料购物袋 , 从而有效的2008年6月 。
studying representation method of fusee and small spindle part of the caseandknowledgebased , the described method of objected oriented of geometry feature and process feature information is built .	研究了基于kandnedgege的see和小spspspinle部分的表示方法 , 描述了基于几何特征的对象的方法 , 建立了基于几何特征和过程信息的方法 。
last year , venturecapital firms invested $3 . 5 billion in u . s . alternativeenergy companies , while they invested only $330 million in chinese companies , ms . guzy said .	去年 , 财政资本公司投资了3.5亿美元 , 同时他们投资了中国公司的3.5亿美元 , 同时还投资了3万美元 。
a component of the hals design is the spraycool multiplatform enclosure which enables the electronics to be located near the radar currently mounted on the front of the black hawk .	硬盘设计的组成部分是空间多平台 , 可以使电子能够在黑帽前移动的前面移动 。
it is representing the hope of tea person , representing china tea industry will more flourishing , the tea course of study of the motherland is sure to have more brilliant than former days tomorrow !	它代表了茶人希望 , 代表中国茶行业将更加漂亮 , 母亲的研究课程肯定有更多的明天 !
an environmentallyfriendly antirusting coatings has been prepared , based on non toxic calcium phosphite as dominant antirust pigment and phosphates as auxiliary antirust pigment .	基于非毒性钙磷酸磷酸磷酸钠作为氨基酸酯和磷酸酯作为氧化剂 , 制备了一种环境友好的抗铁涂料 。
according to the terrain and topographical features , the sandy land in beijing mainly were divided into three types that are mountain ground , the transition zone from hill to plain and plain .	根据地理及地理特征 , 主要是北京沙地区分为三种类型 , 山地和平原三种类型 。
the paper also presents the optimization principle of seismic features and the seismic feature optimization method based on gene tic algorithm in porosity prediction with cusi network .	本文还提出了基于基因算法的基因优化原理和基因网络的地震特性优化方法 , 提出了基于基因算法的优化原理 。
when older adults cannot do the recommended amounts of physical activity due to health conditions , they should be as physically active as their abilities and conditions allow .	当老年成年人不能做到建议的物理活动 , 因为健康状况 , 他们应该作为他们的能力和条件的物理活动 。
lukacs exposed universal problems of verdinglichung and alienation in capitalist society from commodity and proved importance of its overall category from the opposite side .	卢克克克克克克斯在资本主义社会中的普遍问题 , 并证明了其整体类别的重要性 。
fractal dimensions of the 200 biggest intercity bus hubs from 2000 to 2004 were 1 . 4862 to 1 . 5118 , and that is consistent with fractal dimensions of chinese urban system sizes .	2000年至2004年最大的互联网交易公共汽车是1.4862到1.5188818 , 与中国城市系统的框架尺寸一致 。
this paper tries to explore the phenomenon with the concepts of absolute poverty and relative poverty , and to elaborate this issue with a historical comparison of chinese and british society .	本文试图通过对中国和英国社会的历史比较 , 探讨缺乏贫困和贫困的概念 , 探讨了中国和英国社会的历史比较 。
by the foundation of 2110 safety management mode , the basis of petrochina company limited safety management has become more strengthened and petrochina has achieved remarkable safety performances .	通过211010个安全管理模式 , 石油公司有限公司的安全管理基础已成为加强和石油纳的安全性能的基础 。
then based on the characteristic of reversible counter , fourvalued d flipflop was used as the core component to design fourvalued synchronous reversible counter which has reset function .	然后根据可逆对策的特点 , 采用四种dfffffffffflopplopppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppp
the court found ms deng guilty of causing injury with intent but freed her without a sentence on the grounds that a " mood disorder " absolved her of criminal responsibility .	法院发现 , 死亡的警察发现 , 带来伤害 , 但是在地面上没有一句 " 情绪障碍 " 解决了她的刑事责任 。
in addition to representing individuals who have been injured as a result of negligent medical treatment , we also represent the victims of health care fraud and hmo disputes .	另外 , 再次重新表示 , 受伤的个人受伤 , 因此 , 我们还代表了健康护理和血症的受害者 。
objective: to investigate the feasibility and potential roles of targetcontrolled propofol infusion in combination with enflurane inhalation in the oral and maxillofacial surgery .	目的:探讨目标控制的可行性和潜在的作用 , 结合口腔内的流感性及口腔手术中的流感性 。
the major findings of this research were listed as follows: the elementary school special education teachers in kaohsiung and pingtung areas were willing to use technology integration ;	本研究的主要研究发现 , 作为以下的:韩国特殊教育教师的元素特殊教育教师 , 将使用技术集成 ;
rob patz , kristen stewart and the rest of the gang are already filming the third movie in the twilight series eclipse in canada . eclipse is due out in may 2010 .	2010年5月 , 克里斯·帕特茨 , 克里斯·史蒂瓦茨和其他的门户已经在加拿大第三部电影《第三部电影》中拍摄 。
article 16 the state science and technology commission shall , jointly with other departments concerned , inspect at regular intervals the new and high technology industries development zones .	第一十六条国家科技委员会及其它部门关注的国家科学和技术委员会 , 经常对新技术产业的发展领域进行检查 。
the influences of managerial culture on employee's work motivations are regarded widely , but there isn't an exercisable framework on relations between culture and work motivations till now .	经营文化对员工工作运动的影响很广 , 但在文化与工作运动之间没有激动的框架 。
it is tough work for the multinational crew of 30 in this roughandready little boat , prettified below deck with posters of orangutans and sunflowers painted in the toilets .	很难工作在这里30英里已经有30英里的多个城市 , 已经有小船 , 预测在橙色和太阳花在厕所上涂上 。
gold has weakened its link to other commodities this year , managing to rise strongly in the first half while oil and copper slipped . this reflects its increasing value as a currency play .	黄金在今年的其他商品中 , 经理在上半年上升到其它商品的联系 , 反映了其它货币的价值 。
they're breaking out of the conventional life pattern go to school , fall in love , get married , buy a house , have babies...instead , they've skipped some steps and added others .	他们正在从传统生活模式上学 , 失去爱 , 收到婚姻 , 买房子.........相反 , 还有一些步骤 , 加入其他人 。
chained data structure keep hitset by its llength . it does not need to create ancestor nodes , so it can reduce the saving of none hitset and the room of matching the patterns .	链接数据结构保持了它的ength , 它不需要创建祖先节点 , 所以它可以减少节省和匹配模式的房间 。
once you're in proper position you need to relax your drawingside arm muscles . remember that this is easiest when your drawwrist is kept straight and forearm muscles are relaxed .	一旦你在适当的位置中 , 你需要放松你的手臂肌肉 , 记得这是很容易的 , 当你绘画家保持直和前臂肌肉的时候 , 很容易 。
separately , toyota said monday it has expanded a u . s . service campaign for leaking oil hoses to cover 934 , 000 vehicles with sixcylinder engines .	另外 , 丰田周一宣布 , 美国的服务运动已经扩大了美国的一家服务运动 , 为了减少石油希望覆盖了934万辆车辆 。
but it it requires that i pull out a book to understand more of the topic , or exchange numerous emails with the sender to figure out more details about the problem , i simply do not have the time .	但是它要求我要求一本书来理解更多的话题 , 或者交换许多电子邮件 , 以便发送更多关于问题的细节 , 我只是没有时间 。
in the current issue of natural history , yale professor frank a . beach tells how lower primates can learn to love money ; some even turn into subhuman capitalists .	在目前天然历史问题中 , yal教授弗兰克教授弗朗克.bech告诉我们如何学习如何更低的价格 , 甚至更改成了子资本主义者 。
getting independent news from north korea is extremely rare but china correspondent damian grammaticas has travelled to the border to meet north koreans who have recently escaped .	韩国的独立消息非常罕见 , 但是中国相对的丹麦格兰马斯已经旅行到了近期逃避北韩 。
therefore , in order to ensure to fairly deal with cases of arbitration , national arbitration legislation and civil legislation , all have the system of judicial supervision of arbitral awards .	因此 , 为了确保仲裁、国家仲裁立法和民事立法的公平 , 所有的司法监督制度 。
his father , alois , is thought to have been the illegitimate offspring of a maid and a 19yearold jewish man . this would have made the man who inspired the holocaust onequarter jewish .	他父亲 , 洛洛伊斯认为 , 是非法移民 , 一个19岁的犹太人和19岁的犹太人 , 这样就会让他感到荣耀的一个季节 。
rights groups say government troops killed at least 41 civilians tuesday throughout syria , including 20 in an assault on the central protest hub of helfaya .	权利组织表示 , 至少41名民事组织周二在纽利亚 , 包括20名中央抗议中心抗议中心的抗议 。
a local official tells the newspaper that in response to demand , the oneday tour will include a visit to beichuan high school , where students were buried in the rubble .	一个当地官员告诉报纸 , 反应要求 , 一天的旅游将包括访问北川高中 , 哪里的学生被埋在垃圾中 。
as luck would have it , there happens to be a woman out there named belle with a heart big enough to share with unfortunatelooking people such as the beast , and she's not too bad to look at either .	幸运的是 , 幸运的是一个名叫贝尔的女人 , 足够有足够的享受 , 比如贝尔 , 她也不太坏了 。
if only the xmx setting is used , 25% of the xmx value is used for the maximum nursery size , and the size of the nursery is permitted to grow and shrink within that 25% .	如果只有xmx设置使用 , 25%的xmx值用于最大护理尺寸 , 并且护理尺寸的尺寸将增长到25% 。
the other is a conflict that america did not seek ; one in which we are joined by 42 other countries including norway in an effort to defend ourselves and all nations from further attacks .	另一方面是美国没有寻求的冲突 , 我们是42个国家的其他国家 , 包括诺路的努力 , 以防自己和所有国家的进一步攻击 。
one dollar store had not open yet , so i went into no frills . its dish detergent was expensive , so i picked up two cups of yogurt and told the cashier gave me some quarters .	然而 , 一个美元商店还没有开放 , 所以我进入了没有飞机 , 它的迪什决定是昂贵的 , 所以我拿到了两杯瑜伽 , 告诉我一些季度 。
in the framework of this request , cen and cenelec will develop one or several horizontal standard containing generic requirements applicable to various types of energyrelated products .	在本请求的框架下 , cen和cenec将开发一个或几个标准包含通用的标准 , 适用于各种类型的能源相关产品 。
the method is divided into two working procedures when in the lighting wheel integrated processing , i . e . , the surface cut is a former procedure and the extrusion processing is a latter procedure .	本方法分为两种工作过程 , 当光轮集成处理时 , 表面切割是前面的过程 , 实现过程是一个后来的过程 。
blake said that on june 2 there will be both privatesector and government meetings , including the u . s . india business council , which will be holding its 35th annual meeting .	布莱克说 , 在6月2日 , 将有两个私人监管和政府会议 , 包括美国印度商务委员会 , 将于年35日举行 。
telemarketers will not be permitted to call any of the numbers on the national donotcall list , unless they already have an existing business relationship with the consumer or individual .	电子市场不会被允许称为国家捐赠名单上的任何数字 , 除非他们已经与消费者或个人一起存在的业务关系 。
brazil's drought is limited to isolated areas ; with the exception of rio grande do sul and parana , where irreversible damage appears to be widespread throughout the state .	巴西的药物有限于分离地区 , 除了富汗的溃疡和巴拉那外 , 没有可逆的损害似乎被广泛 。
an even more hazardous device , popular in america , was the instantaneous light boxa bottle filled with sulphuric acid into which splints treated with chemicals were dipped .	更加危险的设备 , 美国的流行者 , 是一艘极端的轻盒装满了紫外酸填充 , 这些化学物质被拆除 。
and in the dream she was told by a lady by the name of nice virtures accomplished that some tibetans could also see the contents of the website in the lake just as through a computer monitor screen .	在梦想中 , 她被告诉一个女人 , 通过计算机监控屏幕的名称完成了一些藏族人也可以看到网站内容的内容 。
tacit knowledge is the highly individual knowledge that has accumulated a wealth of experience and can't make a systematic exposition , that is , can be sensed , but not explained in words .	任务知识是高度个人知识 , 已经积累了一个财富的财富 , 并不能让系统暴露 , 可以感觉 , 但不能解释在词中 。
this type of scenario usually occurs when clevel executives who want to drive business and it change across the enterprise provide proactive sponsorship to aid their strategic agendas .	这种类型的场景通常会发生在清晰的执行人员 , 他们希望驱动业务 , 并在企业提供积极的赞助 , 以避免他们的战略代理 。
utilising wild country's 'extended eps system' – the 360 offers market leading front , side and rear impact protection , making it one of the safest helmets available .	利用野生国家的 " 扩大eps系统 " 的应用 , 360年提供了市场前景、侧面和重新影响 , 使它满足最安全的helme 。
beijing ya wen sheng ya painting art sales center was founded in 1995 , hall established the world's largest artist communitiesbeijing songzhuang artist village .	1995年 , 北京 , 艺术销售中心建立了世界上最大的艺术家园 , 建立了北京艺术家 。
membership in oaspa is open to both scholar publishers and professional publishing organizations , including university presses and for profit and nonprofit organizations .	奥巴斯帕的成员开放学生出版社和专业出版社 , 包括大学出版社和利润和非盈利组织 。
these specialists know how to operate the diagnostic and treatment equipment used in that particular branch of medicine , but they are also trained in emergency intervention techniques such as cpr .	这些专家们知道如何运行诊断和治疗设备 , 尤其是医药分支的诊断和治疗设备 , 但是他们还是在急性干预技术中培训 。
the waterfire tube boiler with threestructure assembling is a new idea of dzl type hot water boilers . twostep series inject technology is applied in this type boiler recently .	用三个结构组合器的水防管锅炉是一种新想法 , 最近在此类锅炉中应用的两步系列调整技术 。
six months later , donations allow a bridge to be built between the two mountains and wawa finally gets to walk to school , wearing the boots his sister wanted to give to him .	六个月后 , 捐赠允许一个桥梁在两个山间建立 , 等待终于走到学校 , 穿着靴子想给他 。
the cold spell in the northwestern cupped both the invasion and retain a subtropical air temperature and humidity , is a typical north to the warm temperate subtropical climate transition .	北方的冷速度在北方都发生侵蚀 , 保持一个潜在的空气温度和湿度 , 是一个典型的热热热热热气候变化 。
it is studied further that the dissolubility of the bismuthous sulfide in the solutions of the nonoxidative strong acid through the experiment by means of chemical thermodynamics .	通过化学热力学实验 , 研究了非氧化强强酸的溶解度的进一步 , 进一步研究了非氧化硫酸的溶解度 。
this paper analyses the reason , harm and forming process distortion of the rotor winding on the end of turbogenerators with various kinds in frequent cyclic operation and suggests preventive measure .	本文分析了各种循环运行的原因、危害和形成过程 , 并提出了预防措施 。
mcdonald's spokeswoman told the wall street journal last week the company couldn't rule out the possibility of replacing osi as a supplier over the long term .	mcdondaldaldod的发言人告诉华尔街报道 , 上周 , 公司不能在长期的供应商执行 。
as a rule , the trend will turn up in the middle of the third week and close higher at the end of the third week , the stock only moving 3 weeks against the main trend .	随着第三周中期的规则 , 趋势将在第三周末 , 第三周末 , 股票只有3周 。
cla shows a remarkable anticancer effect and offers other nutritional benefits . this paper discusses cla's multiple physiological multifunctionality and its pathogenesis .	阐述了一种具有显著的抗炎效果 , 为其它营养效益提供了其它营养效益 , 讨论了clas多功能的多功能及其病原因 。
japan's osaka sangyo university released an official apology on june 10 because one employee called the confucius institute a cultural intelligence agency .	日本的奥斯卡大学在6月10日发布了一个官方博客 , 因为一个员工称为儒家文化智能机构 。
the first stirrings of a backlash have already been felt about the socalled " olympic lanes " that will whisk 18 , 000 athletes and officials around the capital during the games .	背后的第一条街道已经感到了 " 奥运会 " 的 " 奥运会 " 的第一条街道 , 将在比赛中获得18 , 000名官员 。
there was very significant difference in bacteria number between group i and group ii . the efficacy of cleaning hand with xiaodulin was obviously superior to that of washing hand with suds .	在我组和组i组和组i之间有很大的差异 , 清洁手工的效果明显优于洗手 。
in a young woman with no physical findings indicating malignancy , the patient should return 3 to 10 days after the next menstruation begins to determine if the lump regresses .	在一个年轻的妇女中 , 没有物理研究表明 , 病人应该在未来的男人开始回到3到10天之后 , 到10天 。
comprehensive randomized controlled spa intervention studies with longer followup periods may be helpful in further delineating the therapeutic efficacy of balneotherapy in as patients .	全面的随机控制的空间干预研究可能有助于进一步阐述了balnet患者的治疗效果 。
i understand that in all circumstances during the period of my stay in chinaas a volunteer , the sowers action will not be held liable for any issues or incidents arose out of my other capacities .	我知道 , 在我在我在中国的一段志愿期间 , 所以城市行动不会在任何问题或事件中保持列表 。
one of the most handy menu entries in gnome is the connect to server entry in the places menu . this allows the user to connect to nearly any type of server quickly and easily .	gnome中最多的菜单之一是服务器进入的连接 , 这样允许用户连接到任何类型服务器的任何类型服务器 。
at the foot of the mountains , international kindergarten attached to sun yatsen university is situated in a pleasant environment with a good view of fabulous sights .	在山的脚下 , 国际种类在太阳大学附近的太阳大学 , 位于一个非常愉快的环境中 , 具有良好的光芒 。
conclusions . use of 3 induced sputum samples was more sensitive than use of 3 gastric washings for diagnosis of tuberculosis in patients who could not expectorate spontaneously .	结论 , 采用3诱导的螺旋样本 , 比3例胃洗涤剂的敏感性更加敏感 , 用于诊断腹腔炎的诊断 , 无法预期 。
his eastern policies mainly focused on alliances with tartars of mongolia , aiming to consolidate its position of power within rus and gain stable status during the fight against the west .	他的东方政策主要关注蒙古的合作 , 目标在俄罗斯和获得稳定的地位 , 在战斗中加强了稳定的地位 。
we took lots of pictures as we drove through texas , new mexico , arizona , california , nevada , utah , colorado , nebraska , and all the way into minnesota .	我们用很多图片 , 随着我们在德克萨、新墨西哥、加州、加利福尼亚、内瓦、内瓦、尼巴拉多 , 以及所有的方法都进入了尼苏达州 。
but it reflects the fact that , like past world’s fairs , the shanghai expo is intended mainly to impress a domestic audience – well over 90 percent of visitors come from the host country .	但是 , 反映过去世界公平的事实 , 上海博览会主要是印象一个国内观众 , 90%的访问者来自主国 。
on the day of the marathon i started well , but after half marathon i developed muscle cramps on both legs which caused me to fall on the tarmac , which caused my right knee to be badly bruised .	在马拉松的一天 , 我开始很好 , 但是在半个马拉松我开发的肌肉 , 使我失去了 , 这样就导致了我正确的膝盖 。
two israelis , shai pollicker , a medical engineer , and dr . edy soffer , a prominent gastroenterologist , joined a seattlebased engineering team to help with the design .	两个以色列人 , 上海波勒博士 , 医学工程师 , 爱德华夫博士 , 一个很明显的气候学家 , 加入了一个基于设计的工程团队 。
phoebe looks out the window dubiously . “this reminds me of that movie where the family in an rv pulls into a little town and the mutants come out at night and eat them . ”	照片be看着窗户 , " 这是我提醒我那个电影中的家人在一个小城市里 , 把他们吃了 。 "
based on the implementation of a strategy aimed at technological innovation , china should step up exploration and development in order to secure more reserves and to reduce exposure to oil imports .	基于技术创新的实现 , 中国应逐步探索和发展为了安全更多的储备 , 减少油进口的进口 。
witnesses and security camera video of the gunmen built a portrait of them as young men dressed in jeans and trendy tshirts , bearing rucksacks and guns .	游客们建立了一个年轻男人在日本和趋势的年轻人穿着衣服 , 熊和枪 。
one generalpurpose eigenvalue routine , a singleshift complex qz algorithm not in linpack or eispack , was developed for all complex and generalized eigenvalue problems .	一个常用的概念路径 , 单移复杂的qz算法不在linpack或ispack中开发 , 所有复杂和通用的问题 。
in the recent years , researchers have made their studies of european work satisfaction from its relation with work agreement , worktime , marriage and family status , gender and age , and work autonomy .	近年来 , 研究人员在近年来 , 研究了欧洲工作满意的研究 , 与工作协议、工作协议、工作时期、工作时间、家庭状况、年龄和年龄等方面的研究 。
wellheeled shoppers and alfresco diners keep the place busy until late , and if you are looking for a memorable meal or a browse through some of shanghai's more fashionable shops , this is the place .	好的购物和自由酒店饮食者 , 直到晚些时尚的地方 , 如果你正在寻找一个可记忆的餐厅或一个浏览的地方 , 这是这个地方 。
in order to improve the production efficiency of the clothing manufacturing industry , it must combine the body measure , pattern design and clothing making of traditional clothing production .	为了提高制造工业生产效率 , 必须将身体测量、模式设计和服装制造的身体测量、模式设计和制造 。
the related expenses incurred for the transfer of technology will not be qualified as tax deduction items unless the corresponding contract is approved by the relevant authorities .	相关工艺的传输费用将被证明 , 除非相关的权利所得的税收减项目 , 无论该项目的相关费用被批准 。
currently the mixing proportion of shieldmortar usually use orthogonal test , the shortcomings of which lie in the need of lots of experiments and inevitable much waste of time and money .	目前 , 现有的混合比例通常使用正交试验 , 对于许多实验的需求和可避免的缺点 , 很多时间和钱的缺点 。
among sugarsweetened beverages , cutting out just 1 serving daily was associated with a weight loss of 1 . 1 pounds at 6 months and 1 . 4 pounds at 18 months .	在糖尿病饮料中 , 每天只有1.1英镑的每天只有1.1英镑的重量损失和18个月的1.4英镑 。
china has very serious disaster of frozen and permafrost , therefore , effective and longterm monitor of frozen and permafrost is significant to provide reference information for potential disaster .	因此 , 中国有很严重的灾难 , 因此 , 冻结和长期监控对于贫困的潜在灾难提供了重要意义 。
the biological features of lycopene , such as molecular structure , metabolism , tissue distribution and its anti cancer function and possible mechanism are reviewed .	综述了lpene的生物学特征 , 如分子结构、代谢、组织分布及其抗癌功能和可能的机理 。
results: the direct manifestations included bile duct truncation in 9 cases , irregular eccentrical or endocentric narrow in 9 cases , and irregular filling defect in 1 case .	结果:直接表现为9例 , 非常规的中心或中心狭窄 , 无规则填充缺陷 , 1例 。
editra allows you to navigate menus without mousing with its menu mnemonics , automatically checks for updates during startup and allows you to set preferred fonts in your preferences .	editra允许你在启动期间没有用它的菜单monmons来导航男人 , 可以自动检查更新 , 并且可以在你的优秀中设置更新的fon 。
the simulated high head with large vertical velocity of gravitycurrent , the large velocity of underrun and the dense isentropes in the front are closely consistent with those observed .	模拟了高垂直速度 , 运行在前面的大速度和密密度的速度密度密切相同 。
proponents of gm foods argue using biotechnology in the production of food products has many benefits: it speeds up the process of breeding plants and animals with desired characteristics ;	利用食品产品生产的生物技术 , 具有很多益处:饲养植物的过程和动物的生物技术 , 具有良好的效益 ;
called up for military service , mr . marokvia spent the war as an illustrator for the wehrmacht , applying brush and pencil in ukraine , italy , finland and yugoslavia .	为军事服务 , 马克维亚先生在英国、意大利、芬兰和奥斯兰维亚发出战争 。
the stronger one must drive out the devil with beelzebub , as the saying goes , to present a dose of countermagic in order to neutralize and overcome that which supports established rule .	更强的一个人必须与贝尔齐贝布博博博博博博士开发 , 如说 , 为了提供对策 , 为了支持的规则 。
it follows that there is an absolute artistic criterion which means that the unique feelings of every individual is empathized by every other individual through images that can't be duplicated .	随后 , 有一个绝对的艺术批评 , 意味着每个个人独特的感觉 , 都是通过图像 , 每个人都不能复制 。
iran said the worm was used to attack computers at its bushehr nuclear reactor . there has been widespread speculation that stuxnet actually damaged the plant , something iran denies .	伊朗说 , 伤害被用来攻击它的汽车核反应堆的电脑 , 已经有广泛的规模 , 实际上有些伊朗密切 。
compared with chaos shift keying , mdcsk has an advantage that multilevel digital signals can be encrypted , by using multiscroll encryption parameters .	与混沌转移关键相比 , mdcsk具有多层数字信号的优势 , 使用多个环境加密参数 。
this paper explores key issues related to innovation in libraries including the nature , the barriers , and the nays to adopt and implement innovative strategies successfully .	本文探讨了图书馆创新的关键问题 , 包括自然、障碍者以及使用和实现创新策略 。
the code from hsqldbutil . runscripttool was refactored to create a method named launch , which gets the project , main class name and commandline arguments as method parameters .	由sqldldbutil.runscriprottotototool反应创建一个方法的启动器 , 获得了项目、主要类名称和命令的参数 。
russia's twotime olympic pole vault champion and world record holder yelena isinbayeva announced early sunday she is to take an indefinite break from the sport .	俄罗斯的两次奥运邮泡沫的冠军和世界记录了罗里娜·艾利巴瓦宣布 , 她是从体育中获得有限的破坏 。
trade secrets law can be regarded as the interests distribution and juristic selections and integration between public interests of the society and the monopoly interests of trade secrets owners .	贸易秘书法可作为社会利益的利益分布和司法选择与集成之间的公共利益和贸易部门利益的利益 。
taliban fighters appear to have been prepared to blow up large numbers of people in order to assassinate a single target , such as a highranking government official or police chief .	塔利班战斗机似乎已经准备在大量人群 , 为了增加单一目标 , 如高级政府官员或警察首席 。
soft x ray microscopy is a microimaging technique using soft x ray as illuminative source . it fills the gap between optical and electron microscopy .	x射线微镜是一种使用软光线x射线作为光学和电子微镜的微镜像技术 , 它填充了光学和电子微镜之间的微镜 。
weifang threepower group co . , ltd . is a high and new technology manufacturer , which professionally manufacture tobacco extracts , solanesol and nicotine two big series .	温阳三普勒集团有限公司是一家高和新技术制造商 , 专业生产烟草提取、索兰醇和两个大系列 。
in order to improve the correct rate of eye locating , an algorithm for the refinement of face boundaries and a multilevel eye detection scheme are included in this method .	为了提高眼部位置的正确率 , 提出了一种对面边界的限制算法和多层眼睛检测方案 。
abstract : objective oral mucosa irritation and subcutaneous implantation tests were launched to study the histocompatibility of microarc oxidized zrcualag bulk metallic glass .	文章摘要:目标mucosa灌溉和分子灌溉试验 , 探讨了微观氧化zrc混合金属玻璃的组织兼容性 。
former arsenal midfielder gilberto has tipped denilson , his successor in the heart of the gunners' midfield , to receive a callup from the brazil national team .	前阿森纳中场gilberto已经在枪手中场的心中 , 接到巴西国家队的一个呼吁 。
among the few c . i . a . officials who knew thedetails of the detention and interrogation program , there was a tense debateabout where to draw the line in terms of treatment .	在几个c.i.i.a.一名官员知道死亡和接种程序的细节中 , 有一个十个关于治疗线的争论 。
the opening titles inform us that in 1860 , after the collapse of the tokugawa dynasty , samurai were left unemployed and wandered the countryside in search of work .	在1860年 , 开放条件信息我们 , 后来 , 1860年的时候 , 萨姆·阿里亚的崩溃 , 离开了失业 , 并在搜索工作中带来了国家 。
i feel much gratitude and deeply indebted to the grand master for his vision , devotion , dana , and diligence to bring buddhism to the u . s . a . and to all sentient beings .	我感到很多草地 , 深深深地对他的视野、死亡、死亡、丹娜和勤奋带来了佛教 , 并且所有人都被送到美国 。
simon ellson , a security expert for antivirus computer firm norton , emphasised that it's crucial to change passwords frequently and avoid repetitions in them .	imimonellson是抗病毒电脑公司诺顿的安全专家 , 强调它的关键是改变密码并避免重新重新重新重新重新 。
through experimental measurements , the surface treatment of steel smoke is only 0 . 008 relative reflectance , absorption device can be used as ideal inside coating material .	通过实验测量 , 钢烟表面处理只有0.008相对反射 , 吸收装置可作为内部的理想材料 。
jing literary school's imagery is a special flay phenomenon in the stage of china traditional culfure's changing into modem culture , and it has a special aesthetic value .	京文学院的图像是中国传统文化的特殊现象 , 是中国传统文化的特殊现象 , 并具有特殊的美学价值 。
the feudal provincial system is the original creation of han wudi on the basis of the successful experiences of the systems for supervision and control of the officials in qin and han dynasties .	封建省体系是汉武迪的初始创作 , 是在秦朝和汉代官员的监管和控制中成功经验的基础上 , 成功的经验 。
after the meeting , another blogger , zhou shuguang , shared his impressions: 'it shows that the u . s . government and beijing have totally different ways of working . in the u . s .	在会议之后 , 另外一位博客 , 周古格 , 分享他的印象: " 这表明 , 美国政府和北京必须有不同的方法 。
to promote the applications of ferrites in those areas , it is necessary to synthesize monodisperse superparamagnetic nanostructured ferrites particles with high saturation magnetization .	为了提高这些地区的灌溉应用 , 具有较高的饱和磁化的必要性 。
methods examine the 34 patients with ultrasonic b and the mirror for anterior chamber angle , then extractive the foreign body in the anterior chamber angle under the eye speculum .	方法对34例超声b和镜像角的镜像进行检测 , 然后提取外体在眼部的角度下 , 提取外体 。
malaysian prime minister abdullah badawi is facing calls for his resignation , after his ruling coalition lost critical ground to opposition parties in general elections .	马来西亚总理阿德拉拉·巴达伊面对他的辞职 , 经过他在一般的选举中反对党 。
in the movie before the rain , the photographer who has gone through the difficulties of war in bosniaherzogovina utters nonsense as he throws away the film which won him an award .	在雨前 , 摄影师们在博斯尼亚韦诺维纳的战争中经过过战争困难的难 , 因为他把他的影片扔出来 。
in this paper , the structureactivity relationships and pharmacological properties of the resveratrol derivatives as a potent chemopreventive agent are reviewed and discussed .	本文综述了转换器衍生物的结构活性与物理性能 , 作为一种潜在的化学代理剂的潜在化学物理性能 。
article 399 agent's obligation to follow instruction ; deviation from instruction the agent shall handle the entrusted affair in accordance with the instruction of the principal .	第三十九条代理对遵守指令的指令 ; 指令代理人应按照原则的指令执行 。
since then , our bilateral relations have made remarkable achievements thanks to efforts of both sides . the two countries have had frequent contacts at the top and other levels .	自从那时 , 我们的双边关系已经明显的成就感谢双方的努力 , 两国已经经常接触到顶部和其他水平 。
in recent years , radix puerariae powder , whose comprehensive value in use has been improved gradually became significant officinal and raw material for industry production .	近年来 , 雷迪克·普雷迪克·普里亚·普雷迪克·普雷迪克·普里亚·普利亚诗歌的综合价值逐渐提高了官方和原材料的产业 。
the enlistment of a citizen eligible for enlistment may be deferred if he is the only worker in his family providing its means of substance or if he is a student in a fulltime school .	如果他家庭唯一的工作人员提供物质 , 或者如果他是一个全职学校的学生的学生 。
as a result , the thick of branches has great effect on youg trees . it has direct relation with its survival rate , growing conditions as well as commercial rate of young fig trees .	结果 , 分布的厚度对青年树有较大的影响 , 具有直接的生存率、生存率、生长条件以及年轻的年轻图片树的商业率 。
this study described the quantitative simulation of exciting conduction velocity affection on cardiac rhythm with three dimensions realistic torsoheart geometry models .	本文介绍了三维真实的rsohet几何模型的定量仿真模拟 。
two kinds of typical clonal growth architectures , guerilla and phalanx in potaninia mongolica maxim . , which are regarded as the best material in researching clone population .	两种典型的临床生长建筑 , 保罗拉和阿尔兰克斯在波特尼亚州杏仁最大程度上最好的材料 , 研究克隆人口的最佳材料 。
libeskind is the master planner behind the redevelopment of new york's world trade center site , which is expected to face years of delays and significant cost overruns .	利比皮肤是纽约世界贸易中心的最大规划者 , 预计将面对几年延迟和重要成本 。
the glass free ampoule is comprised of a onepiece molded polyethylene or polypropylene unit that remains intact and sealed until activated by the user .	玻璃自由poule是由一个模拟聚乙烯或聚丙烯或聚丙烯单元组成 , 直到用户活动 。
aiming at the problems in chinese medicine education at that time , " the letter from five wellknown scholars " was an effort to keep the principal part nature of chinese medicine education .	目的是我国医学教育的问题 , " 五名著名学者的信件 " 是一个努力保持中国医学教育的主要部分 。
joel and rachel hoffman , who had been working for the charity mennonite central committee in the country for four months , suffered minor injuries in the earthquake .	约瑟尔和雷克尔·霍夫曼曾在四个月中央委员会工作 , 在地震遭受的伤害 。
compared with that of the world , china's incidence of tooth decay is not high among students of primary and secondary schools . more prominent however , is the lack of its timely treatment .	与此相比 , 中国太平洋的事故并不高于初级和二级学校的学生之间 , 更显示 , 更缺乏时间处理 。
the u . s . population has been growing about 1 percent yearly since 1950 , and nearly 40 percent of that growth is due to foreignborn individuals coming into the united states .	自1950年以来 , 自1950年以来 , 美国人口已经增长了1% , 近40%的增长是由于外国人口进入美国 。
noneuro countries highlighted the damage the european crisis was already doing to their economies and underlined the urgent need for action by the 17nation single currency area .	诺里欧洲危机已经做到他们的经济 , 并通过17个国家的单一货币的行动来说 , 欧洲危机已经出现了损害 。
apparent nitrogen digestibility exhibits quadratic curve relationship with dietary ip levels and the highest n digestibility occurs in 18 . 07% ip diet .	近年来 , 近期的硝基因消化率表现与食物ip水平和最高的n消化率在18.07%的ipod饮食中出现了四倍曲线 。
" in addition , gillian also revealed that during the visit , at all shooting off in many films , most enjoy are " beyond our ken " , she even had the film was nominated for best actress golden .	" 另外 , 吉利亚还揭示 , 在许多电影里所有拍摄 , 大多数享受我们的厨房 " , 她甚至有电影被提名为最好的压力金 。
rc has always been steadily developing and abided the principle of winwin . in the variational industry and market , they are trying to take on flourishing vigor and a steady ascend .	rc总是逐步发展 , 避免了赢得的原则 , 变化产业和市场 , 他们正试图采取一步推迟 。
other presidents , notably lincoln , were prepared in emergency circumstances to violate the constitution , as when lincoln suspended habeas corpus at the outset of the civil war ;	其他总统 , 林肯总统 , 被准备在紧急环境中 , 为了激励宪法 , 正如当林肯在民间战争出现的哈布斯公司 ;
american said in the u . s . borrow money on life , the car can not sell because the old lady and filled with goose six " economic crisis " is finally the haze has been wiped out .	美国人说 , 美国在生活中借款金钱 , 汽车不能卖掉 , 因为老人和goosi6 " 经济危机 " 最终被破坏 。
we need to make clear the connection between animal research and a grandmother's hip replacement , a father's bypass operation a baby's vaccinations , and even a pet's shots .	我们需要明确动物研究与一个祖母的hip代替联系 , 父亲通过运行一个婴儿疫苗 , 甚至宠物的鞋子 。
conclusion:the risk factors for graft failure after pk were corneal vascularization , regraft , aphakia or pseudophakia , presence of anterior or posterior synechia .	结论:pkk患者的风险因素是冠状血管炎、移植、腹腔炎、腹腔炎、腹腔炎、腹腔炎、前列腺炎的危险因素 。
almost everything in this temple of consumption , including its lavish layouts and the celebrities who now most often adorn its covers , 35 ) hinges on stuff for sale .	几乎所有的东西都在这个消费的庙里 , 包括它的lavish的布局和现在大多数的大多数人经常吸收它的盖茨 , 35号的销售 。
" virtually every part of the industry , from upstream to downstream , is completely indonesian: the farmers , the factory owners and workers , the distributors , the sellers and the market , " he said .	他说: " 几乎每一部分工业 , 从上游到下游 , 从上游到下游 , 完全是印度农民 , 农民和工人 , 销售商和市场 。 "
milan are not dismantling . until today , aside from others who didn't play much , players like emerson and senderos have left , as well as shevchenko and mattioni who haven't been reclaimed .	直到今天 , 米兰并不想 , 除了其他人没有玩得多 , 比如埃森和发送者离开 , 以及赫维科科和格莱维克 。
by analyzing cases of landscape architecture design , the meaning of literature rhetoric which is used for reference is illustrated , such as hyperbole , figuration and symbolization .	通过对景观建筑设计情况进行分析 , 阐述了应用参考的文献错误的意义 , 例如超bole、配置和象征 。
in order to donate pollen to recipient stigmas efficiently , animalpollinated plants have evolved a variety of floral characteristics . pollen presentation schedule is one of them .	为了捐赠pollen , 为了有效地对象 , 动物反应的植物已经进化了各种颜色特性 , 污染物的表现 , 是它们之一 。
i admit that i was disappointed to read the uefa motivations after they decided to readmit us to the tournament , but i don't believe that we will encounter any additional obstacle for this reason .	我承认 , 在他们决定把我们读到旅游之后 , 我已经失踪了 , 但是我不相信我们会遇到任何其他的障碍 。
penny hardaway scored 22 points , including the gamewinning shot with three seconds left , as the orlando magic defeated the defending champion houston rockets 9290 .	penny硬道22分 , 包括3秒左右的比赛鞋 , 正如奥兰多的魔术缺陷了9290 。
" people who would otherwise be in cds or ultrasafe assets are taking greater risks , " says martin fridson , global credit strategist , bnp paribas investment partners .	巴黎投资伙伴马丁·弗里德森说: " 在cd或超级资产中 , 谁会在cds或超级资产中获得更大的风险 。 "
one of them is land for unused , which will increase the forest coverage rate 4 . 1 percentage points . waterfront , roads , farmland and other green potential between 1 . 919 . 27 percentage points .	其中一个岛屿之一 , 将增加森林覆盖率为4.1%.1% , 水前、路、农场和其他绿色潜力 。
in the case of the novelists , the romantic vision tended to express itself in the form hawthorne called the " romance , " a heightened , emotional , and symbolic form of the novel .	在小说的情况下 , 浪漫的视觉往往往表达自己的形式 , 称为 " 浪漫 " , " 情感 , 和小说的象征形式 。
" the most successful one was the first that was held in houston , texas in 2005 , during which we received more than us$20 million , " lang recalled , " the number exceeded all our expectations . "	" 最成功的是 , 2005年 , 克萨斯在2000万美元获得的第一次 , " 数字超过了我们的期望 。 "
" really , it's nothing now for me to deal with these small injuries like hamstring or groin strains – i can understand them , " the 26yearold told the official matchday programme .	" 真的是 , 现在 , 没有我与这些小型伤害 , 比如哈姆斯或格林的压力 , 我可以理解他们 , " 26岁的官方赛季告诉他们 。
from aix 5 . 2 , setting n to b or higher changes the memory layout — it no longer uses segments d and f for shared libraries and allows them to be used for native storage or mmapping .	从aix5.2中 , 设置n或更新更改记忆层 , 它不再使用分段d和f共享库 , 并允许它们用于本地存储或映射 。
but now , if we were to fix upon this one aspect of the counter culture — its mystic tendencies and principled funkiness — we would not be doing justice to the deep ambiguity of the movement .	但是现在 , 如果我们正在定义这个方面的文化 , 那么它的神秘密度和原则的功能 , 我们就不会正在做出正义的运动 。
the houston metro system has successfully tested the breathe safe system , which uses ultraviolet germicidal irradiation to kill up to 99 percent of certain types of bacteria .	霍斯顿电子系统成功地测试了安全系统 , 使用紫外光纤的德国辐射来杀死9%的细菌类型 。
but although justice souter's dedication and integrity were beyond reproach , his hermetically sealed approach to the job limited his influence on the court and outside of it .	但是 , 尽管法官的描述和完整性已经超过重复 , 他的批评方法在法院上有限制了自己的影响 。
eat: food rich in this mineral and therefore beneficial for arians to include in their diet are: tomatoes , beans , brown rice , lentils , walnuts , olives and onions .	食物:食物丰富在这个矿物中 , 因此 , 亚洲人有益于他们的饮食中包括:番茄 , 豆子 , 棕色米 , 柠檬 , 柠檬 , 橄榄和洋葱 。
jennifer li , baidu's finance director , said: " baidu , the chinese music fans , recording artists and the record companies will all benefit from this winwin partnership . "	宝尼弗·李利 , 巴迪的财政总裁 , 说: " 中国音乐迷 , 记录艺术家 , 记录公司和记录公司都有利于这个赢得的合作伙伴 。 "
for example , long distance telephone lines were expensive to install , and the first company to do so , a . t . &t . , wound up being the only provider of long distance service in the united states .	例如 , 长距离电话线是安装的昂贵的 , 第一家公司 , 第一家公司 , 和t.t.t.t.t , 赢得了美国的唯一提供商 。
taking secondary board market as its researching object , the thesis analyzes the catalogs , characteristics and targets of trading mechanisms by means of theoretical and empirical perspectives .	通过理论和实现角度分析了二级董事市场的研究对象 , 分析了交易机制的特点、特点及目标 。
patients in the immune clearance and reactivation phases , with elevated alanine aminotransferase and hbv dna levels , are candidates for antiviral therapy .	免疫清晰度和反应相 , 选用氨基氨基氨基氨基氨基酸酶和hbvdnadna水平 , 用于抗病毒治疗 。
at present , the little swan in the fourthclass city , second only to sales of haier , accounted for 13% , it is apparent that the company's future performance will be greatly improved .	目前 , 目前 , 四个城市的小瑞典只有第二次销售haier的海军 , 占13% , 公司的未来表现明显提高 。
the provisions of subparagraphs 1 , 13 and 19 of paragraph 1 need not apply where an issuer has engaged a securities underwriter to publicly underwrite its ordinary corporate bonds .	订阅1 , 13和19页面1 , 13和19页面的程序并不需要应用于该公司的证券下面 , 公开了其普通公司债券的证券 。
some things that we have left to do are for example jsp tag library support in gsp , possible support for jpa as a plugin , and improvements to our unit testing infrastructure .	例如 , 我们已经离开了一些事情 , 例如jsp标签库支持gsp中的jpa , 可能支持jpa作为插件 , 并提高了我们的单位基础设施 。
the product which has a rich flavour and buttery texture is traditionally a christmas delicacy in france , though it is eaten more widely in the south of the country throughout the year .	这种产品具有丰富的黄油和蝴蝶纺织 , 传统上是法国的基督制品 , 虽然它更广泛地在法国南部吃了 。
again this highlights the importance of decision making , composure and passing ability as the player will need to know when to run with the ball or get rid of it , careful not to be caught on the ball .	再次 , 这次高度的决策 , 组成和传播能力 , 当球员运行球时 , 需要知道球队的时候 , 否则不会被抓到 。
“sitting close to the television may not make a child nearsighted , but a child may sit close to the television because he or she is nearsighted and undiagnosed , ” she reports .	她报道: " 坐在电视上不会让孩子们看上去 , 但是一个孩子们可以坐在电视上 , 因为他或是近乎没有诊断的 , " 她报道 。
in order to cooperate happily , lou sheng promised to help kushima takahira out of baoding sales channels , to help lou sheng longping island boarded the baoding ruling position .	为了合作快乐 , 路沈承诺帮助克希马销售渠道的帮助 , 帮助路透长期的岛屿 。
the last time such a large ice island formed was in 1962 when the ward hunt ice shelf calved an island . smaller pieces of that chunk became lodged between real islands inside nares strait .	最后在1962年 , 冰岛形成了一座大冰岛 , 当时 , 华华德·冰尔福沿着一座岛 , 越来越小的一块土地之间的土地 。
this article introduces the development and application test of japanese high performance industrial furnaces , such as reheating furnace , heat treatment furnace and smelting furnace etc .	本文介绍了日本高性能工业炉的发展和应用试验 , 例如加热炉、热处理炉炉、燃烧炉等 。
if a college degree from a school you never see sounds strange , then consider this: the ou is considered britain’s largest university with over 200 , 000 students enrolled .	如果大学毕业生从你从未见过声音陌生 , 然后考虑这:欧盟正考虑英国最大的大学生 , 200 , 000名学生 。
they lack experience and practical knowledge about the real world , " said yang xiaosong , ceo of an exclusive golf club , as his staff cast a keen eye over hopeful applicants .	他们缺乏经验和实际知识 , " 杨小春说 , 他的工作人员在希望的应用程序上 , 就像他的工作人员一样 , 就像他的工作人员一样 。
and , finally , after years of sanctions by the united states and the international community , a much older but equally combative colonel qaddafi was seemingly rehabilitated by the west .	最后 , 最后 , 美国和国际社区的数年之后 , 很多年龄的同时 , 同样的同时 , qaddafi似乎被西方重新恢复 。
conclusion under 37°c and protected from light , the kinetics of no released from snp was significantly influenced by the construction and spatial structure of thiols .	结论在37°c下保护的光度 , 没有释放np的动力学 , 通过建筑和空间结构的影响 , 无明显的影响 。
all kinds of shortages and regrets of the used motorcycle seatsaddle will be overcome by using " caiyun " special seatcover with the function of solarization and health protection .	各种短期和重新使用电机周期座位的各种短期和重新将通过 " 环境 " 特殊座位来获得 " 特殊的安全和健康保护功能 。
this five essential factor conformity forms a system , the science operation can produce the good teaching results , this science operation also is the new time teaching innovation specific measures .	这五个主要因素形成了一个系统 , 科学操作可以产生良好的教学结果 , 这种科学操作也是新的时候教学创新措施 。
after this colossal failure , batch stole the remnants of the forces attached to terror and fled to the outer rim territories in his personal imperialclass star destroyer .	在这个殖民失败之后 , 巴特在他个人帝国的星球中将军队撤退到恐怖中 , 并将军队的军队撤退到外部战士 。
from the plm sample , monitor collects the useful information , such as the number of ecr status inquiry transactions in one month , the number of ecrs by status , and so on .	从plm样本中 , 监控了有用的信息 , 例如在一个月的ecr状态采集事务的数量 , 所以 , 如此 。
and jun han joint chiefs of staff chairman of the incident 49 minutes after receiving the report , when he was defense minister kim tae in 52 minutes after receiving the report .	在接到报告之后 , 韩国共和国人员总理在接受报告的49分钟后 , 韩国总理在52分钟之后 , 接受报告 。
the homebased care team consists of several nurses who jump into a small truck every morning and travel out to the community to tend to the health needs of the truly destitute2 .	基于家庭的护理团队包括几个护士 , 每天早上都跳到一个小车辆 , 旅行到社区的健康需求 。
the special sprinkling system of the body cleaner realizes the water spray with more than two states , thereby the body cleaning range and the body cleaning degree of the body cleaner are improved .	实现两个状态的特殊螺旋系统 , 清洁范围和体清洁度 , 提高了身体清洁度 , 体清洁度 。
the scene of their arrival at the airport , with an aircraft landing on the runway and their cages taken out of the plane , was broadcast live on japan's public broadcaster nhk .	他们在机场的场景 , 随着一架飞机在跑道上和他们的城市从飞机上走出来 , 广播了日本公众广泛的nhk 。
her hair , a golden lock of which had escaped , seemed very thick , but was severely concealed beneath an ugly , tight , close , nunlike cap , tied under the chin .	她的头发 , 一个黄金锁 , 看起来很厚 , 但是很严重的受到困难 , 紧紧 , 紧紧紧 , 紧紧紧紧紧紧 , 紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧 , 紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧 , 紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧抓住
out of the 150 businesses surveyed , twothirds reported that their groupon promotions were profitable–but the remaining third claimed to have lost money on their groupon experience .	经过150个业务调查 , 两分之三的报道 , 他们的团体促进是利润的 , 仍然有三分之一的人宣称在他们的经验上失去了钱 。
andy: yes . but qatar also can wear their silver medals with immense pride , it is really a dark horse , it beat iran in a nailbiting battle in the other semifinal .	安妮:是的 , 可是qatar还可以穿着他们的银牌 , 它真的是一个黑马 , 它在另一半决赛中被伊朗 。
some critics , judging the film by its trailers , accused mr . zhang of giving mr . damon a part that should have gone to an asian actor , a practice known as whitewashing .	一些批评家 , 由其旅行人裁判电影 , 张先生指出 , 张先生给亚洲演员 , 一个实践被称为白色的演员 。
fortunately , concepts like extreme programming and agile development have made it possible to get a lot of these same benefits without an entire team of people whacking on your code .	幸运的是 , 如极端的编程和敏捷开发 , 使得很多同样的利益 , 没有整个编码的团队 。
under the situation that matrix organize , study style organize and nonboundary organize have mushroomed today , our choice ought to be based on the given circumstance and target .	根据矩阵组织、研究风格组织和非边界组织的情况下 , 今天 , 我们选择基于给定环境和目标的选择 。
the flavoring packet contains many spices , pork rib product and dehydrated spring onion . add some flavoring according to different tastes , the noodles will be delicious and fragrant .	根据不同的品质 , 不同的品种 , 猪肉风险产品和水平的春天洋洋葱 , 根据不同的各种品种 , 食品将很有意义 。
this capricious double standard hurts the feelings of both liberals and the han people , and in addition , rides roughshod over academic conscience and distorts the true face of history .	这种奇怪的双重标准伤害了两个自由人和韩国人的感觉 , 另外 , 还有在学术精神上升 , 并把真正面对历史的真正面貌 。
this must never be , never whilst this existence continues ; and when time has enrolled us in the list of the departed , surely this friendship will survive to bear our identity to heaven .	这样一定从来没有 , 从来没有这样的存在继续 ; 当时 , 当时 , 让我们进入分离的列表中 , 确保这个朋友会保存我们的身份 。
those under 36 love social networking via the mobile and expect to pay for it , however , younger adults expect mobile content—especially music and videos—to be free .	那些在36个爱好社交网络 , 希望付出它 , 年轻的成年人预计移动内容 , 尤其是音乐和视频 。
the input analog signal is sampled at a very high frequency and the difference between two samplings is quantified to get digital signal , i . e . , sigmadelta code .	输入参数信号在一个非常高频率和两个样本之间的差异被定义为了获得数字信号 , i.sigmadelta代码 。
for they are a bit like me , i think , without the altered i always have a successful , the personality is the reality , but i like a shadow , let me here , it is really pages of my mistakes ?	对于他们来说 , 我想 , 没有我总是有成功的 , 个性是真正的 , 但是我喜欢一个阴影 , 让我真的是我的错误呢 ?
after two decades , 95 percent of the elemental mercury on the surface of a filling had gone through a chemical reaction . it became betamercury sulfide , a blackcolored solid .	经过两十年之后 , 85%的元素汞在填充的表面上已经经过化学反应 , 变成了自杀 , 一个黑色的固体 。
car parks are located in the basement 1 for 18 park positions and there's an electrical room for emergency diesel generator and electrical devises added to four storages in this floor .	汽车公园位于18个公园的18个公园位置 , 还有一个电子汽车柴油发电机和电子设备在这里的四个储存 。
ustream , the live video streaming service that hit the mainstream recently thanks to a litter of shiba inu puppies , just announced watershed , a new whitelabel streaming video service .	美国航天局 , 生活视频流动服务 , 最近感谢最近的主要流动服务 , 只是宣布了一个新的白色的流动视频服务 。
main products:ac socket , circuit breaker , dc jack , digital switch , dip switch , emi filter , fuse holder , hook switch , key switch , micro switch , push swit...	主要产品:袜子、电路断路器、dcjack、数字开关、数字开关、dip开关、触发器、触发器、切换器、密钥开关、psh开关...
he has more than 10 years experience in digital media production , working with video , still images and sound . he travels extensively , pursuing longterm projects on social and environment issues .	他在数字媒体生产中有超过十多年的经验 , 还有视频和音乐 , 仍然是图像和声音 , 旅行着长期的项目在社会和环境问题上 。
its race derived technology based on castrol's racing history and testing experience ensures optimum engine performance giving increased acceleration under the most arduous riding conditions .	它的比赛是基于澳大利亚的比赛历史和测试经验 , 确保最优的发动机性能 , 增加了最严重的升级条件 。
the national average price for unleaded gas now tops the fourdollaragallon mark . the highest average prices are in states like alaska , california , connecticut and washington state .	现在 , 全国的平均平均价格已经超过四美元的标志 , 最高的平均价格就像阿拉斯加州、连接和华盛顿州 。
however , because of the small size of nanosystems the ordinary external field must be viewed as strong field . that makes the conductivity formula considering nonlinear response very important .	然而 , 由于纳米系统的小小尺寸必须被视为强大的外部领域 , 必须考虑非线性反应 。
conclusion:a20 gene can protect the h2o2injured endothelial cells , and may pl ay a certain role in the prevention and treatment of diseases related to the ischemiareperfusion .	结论:a20基因可以保护h2o2卵巢内皮细胞 , 可能在预防和治疗缺血的某些角色 , 更加有可能在预防和治疗中的某些作用 。
a method for the determination of 1 , 4dioxane content in alcohol ether sulphates utilizing headspace gas chromatography is discribed . the factor of head space discussed .	讨论了1 , 4doxan含量测定在酒精硫酸钠中使用头空间气相色谱法测定1 , 4doxan含量的方法 。
so , dress up a warm romantic new home , a warm and overflowing the marriage bed , naturally become a priority among priorities , the traditional department store is on the bed , is so stir a pond .	所以 , 紧张了一家热情的新家 , 温暖的婚姻床 , 自然成为优先的 , 传统部门正在床上 。
with the foundation and increase the frequency of atrial pacing was reduced atrioventricular node conduction is based on the frequency filtering effect of other physiological phenomena to explain .	随着基础的增加 , 基于其它物理现象的频率降低了前室节点的频率 , 基于其它生理现象的频率 。
if you frequently check with particular collections of rules , you might wish to combine them in your own ruleset file , as shown in listing 2 . this rule set imports the basic , naming , and design rules	如果您经常检查规则的集合 , 您可能希望在自己的规则文件中结合他们的规则 , 如清单2.这个规则 , 设置了基本的、名称和设计规则 。
a policeman escorts a greenpeace member dressed as a whale during a protest march against the special meeting of the international whaling commission in tokyo february 14 , 2007 .	2007年1月14日 , 一名警察员在一次抗议期间 , 警察们将一名对对国际武汉委员会的特殊会议 。
consolidating the existing foodstuff market could remain long and steady export of foodstuff . using comparative advantage solves the problem of the balance of supply and demand of china's foodstuff .	利用比较优势解决现有食品市场的平衡 , 可以保持长期和稳定的出口 , 利用比较优势解决中国食品的平衡和需求的问题 。
bridge concrete cracks on the types and causes of railway policy of the provisional construction of high bridge pier cracks in the control and preventive measures were analyzed and summarized .	总结了高桥大桥混凝土混凝土裂缝对铁路政策的原因 , 总结了高桥桥桩裂缝的控制和预防措施的原因 。
to prevent and resolve traderights groups , the incident must be expanded citizen participation , reform of the governance structure of the industry , the interests of consensusbuilding mechanism .	为了防止和解决贸易团体 , 必须扩大公民参与 , 改革了行业的治理结构 , 建设机制的利益 。
in addition to the north yin feng all , six absolute being temples , with some strong dwell for rest of high mountain river , the hell exerts drive ten palace gentleman the king divide .	除了北京 , 六个绝对的寺庙 , 有些很强的dwell , 为了更多的山河 , 他将驱逐十个宫殿 。
objective to study the microanatomy of trigeminal ganglion region and clinical value of robot casr2 assisted system in percutaneous controlled radiofrequency rhizomy for trigeminal neuralgia .	目的探讨三维神经网络神经网膜炎患者的微生殖区和临床价值 。
shapes and symmetry . go wild . piece together the sticky lines and watch zany picture puzzles come to life while you learn proportion , matching , scale and symmetry .	形状和对称 , 黄金 。 照片一起 , 看看zany图片 , 学习比赛 , 比赛 , 比赛和对称 。
until oil and gas made it rich , beginning in the 1960s , this tiny , scalding , pancakeflat peninsula scarcely boasted a settled population , let alone a town of any size .	直到石油和气体在1960年开始 , 这个小型、扫描、包装、巴基斯坦普林斯塔的小城市 , 让人一般大小 。
another view is that mrs thatcher was , as mr cameron now puts it , a " revolutionary but also a gradualist " , who achieved her aims cautiously , often without advertising them in advance .	另外一个观点是 , 卡梅隆先生现在放弃了 " 革命 " , 还有一个逐步成就的目标 , 经常没有广告 。
after his retirement in 1991 , he maintained a low profile , despite being garlanded with awards . he is survived by his wife , the highly acclaimed beijing opera singer jiang ying .	他在1991年退休之后 , 他保持了一个低档的文件 , 尽管在他妻子保存了 , 高度地称北京歌手 。
the figure was even higher for the world's most popular networking site , facebook , where members spent 20 . 5 billion minutes , up 566 percent from 3 . 1 percent the previous year , according to the study .	据研究表明 , 世界上最常见的网络网站 , facebook甚至更高于20.5亿分钟 , 每年3.1%的56% 。
in a particularly vicious critique of socalled smectymnuus , an anonymous anglican opponent attacked not only these six presbyterian ministers but attacked milton as well .	特别是 , 特别是那么叫做 " 名字 " 的标准 , 匿名的anglicanoppon攻击了这些六名预测员 , 但是攻击了迈尔顿 。
for an unknown reason , sometime after his promotion to grand admiral , he was situated in the royal palace of theed on the planet naboo where he assisted in the training of elite imperial pilots .	对于一个不知名的原因 , 有时在他的提升下 , 他在皇家宫殿上坐落在地上 , 坐在那里 , 在那里 , 他坚持在土地的训练中 。
banks maintain separate entrances formen and women , starbucks restricts women from its openair balcony and mcdonald's makesmen and women queue separately for its burgers .	银行维持独立的进口形式和女性 , 星巴克从开放的平衡和mcdonaldaldaldaldald的女性质量分离出来 。
the electron's going to come out of that highest occupied atomic orbital , that one that's the highest in energy , because that's going to be the at least amount of energy it needs to eject something .	电子的将来自那个最高的原子轨道 , 这是能源最高的最高能源 , 因为这是至少需要的能量 。
when my love comes and sits by my side , when my body trembles and my eyelids droop , the night darkens , the wind blows out the lamp , and the clouds draw veils over the stars .	当我爱的时候 , 坐在我身边 , 当我身边的眼睛下滑 , 夜黑暗 , 风吹出灯光 , 云飘过星光 。
" i am here to tell you that being bad is , and hopefully will always be , bad for business in google’s search results , " wrote amit singhal , google fellow , in a blog post .	" 我在这里告诉你这是坏的 , 希望在谷歌搜索结果中总是很糟糕 , " 谷歌的搜索结果写道 。
shiro nakamura , nissan's chief creative officer , said the studio would “enhance our product competitiveness in china and asia , where the automotive industry continues to see robust growth” .	尼桑的首席创造部长艾克罗·纳克罗·纳克罗·纳克罗·纳克罗·纳巴拉说 , 研究室将在中国和亚洲的产品竞争力 , 自动化产业继续看到罗斯的生长 。
when you use this erm , please carefully break open the ampoule at the neck and pipette 10ml from the ampoule into 250 ml volumetric flask and bring to volume by purified water .	当您使用这个胳膊时 , 请仔细破坏在脖子和pette10ml从ampetette10ml进入250ml的电量燃料 , 带来的压力 。
" we can no longer see hoards only as piggy banks , " says kevin leahy , an authority on anglosaxon history who was entrusted with the task of cataloging the staffordshire treasure .	" 我们不再看到只有像猪肉银行一样 , " kevinleleay说 , 一个权力在奥洛克逊历史上的作者 , 与此同时也有关 。 "
by analyzing different hyperon decay processes , we derive the general formula for the decay contributions of heavier hyperons to hyperon production rates and finalstate hyperon polarizations .	通过对不同的超on衰退过程进行分析 , 提出了一般的公式 , 为了对高温生产率和最终的高温聚合物的降低提供了贡献 。
most local anaesthetics used clinically are relatively hydrophobic molecules that gain access to their blocking site on the sodium channel by diffusing into or through the cell membrane .	大多数当地审美用临床上是相对水文分子 , 收获访问他们的锁定站点 , 通过扩散到或通过细胞膜 。
the results of 81 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced concrete beams and 66 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced scc beams are used to determine the coefficients in models .	用81试验方法测定了加强混凝土梁的混凝土梁和66个试验的试验结果 , 测定了该模型的系数 。
the site also uses a custom version of the open source blogging server apache roller weblogger version 4 . 0 . 0 . 12 , mysqltm database server , and memcached .	网站还使用一个自定义版本 , 开源博客服务器服务器apacherollllerwebloger版本4.0.0.12 , sqltm数据库服务器 。
the bizarre looking 600m tall building , selfsufficient in water and energy , was thought up by belgian designer vincent callebaut and would be based on roosevelt island in new york .	巴西望着600米高的建筑 , 水和能源自足的建筑 , 是由贝尔吉亚设计师维利亚·克利巴ut认为 , 并根据纽约的罗斯福岛 。
" box " still stick gave albumen of this farinaceous collagen to dissolve the appearance in water , it is better to tell everybody this product and yoghurt drink flavour together .	" 箱子 " 仍然坚持把这种熟悉的收藏放在水中 , 更好地告诉每个人 , 瑜伽的饮料 。
given its effects on nociception and muscle contraction , botulinum appears to be an attractive agent in the prophylaxis against chronic daily headache or tensiontype headache .	给出了其对抗慢性日期头痛或紧张头痛的影响 , 瓶颈肿似乎是一种吸引力代理剂 。
if these parenting behaviors were placed on a weight scale sidebyside , what would the results be in determining how you fare in building healthy selfesteem vs . low selfesteem in your children ?	如果这些父母行为被放置在一个重量尺寸的边缘上 , 那么你会决定如何在建立健康自我vs中如何面临的结果呢 ?
" he said that the time is the biggest problem , the central authorities to the general principle that local governments have tabled specific criteria , and thus the " classification " can not be evaded .	他说: " 时间是最大的问题 , 中央当局政府的一般原则是当地政府的特定批评家 , 因此 " 分类 " 无法避免 。
this falsecolor image above , of the grand canyon , displays the fractal pattern created by the colorado river over millions of years . red indicates areas of vegetation in the image .	上面的图像 , 上面的大峡谷中 , 显示了彩色河的框架模式 , 显示了数百年来的植物的植物区域 。
recently unearthed fossils trace whales to a doglike predecessor of hoofed planteaters , and genetic analysis has identified hippos as whales' closest living relatives .	近年来 , 近年来 , 未知的石油贸易行为 , 为了保持植物的前任 , 并且遗传分析发现 , 如鲸鱼的最近生活 。
a threedimensional organization chart built from reinforced concrete , where each classroom or workshop occupies a differentiated volume , allows the acronyms to be seen from the entire yard .	一个三维的组织图表从加强混凝土中建立的三维结构 , 每个教室或工作时都可以分配一个分类的量子 , 允许环境从整个ard看到 。
the " philosophical counseling " and " philosophical counseling movement " developed in the late twentieth century are influencing people as an emerging discipline in the age of globalization .	二十世纪末期 " 哲学咨询 " 和 " 哲学咨询运动 " 的哲学咨询运动是影响全球化时代的人们 。
compared with available envelopes , the standard envelope makes it possible for people to write post codes in standard number mode and for the post office worker to raise letter sorting efficiency .	与可用的速度相比 , 标准的速度使人们能够在标准数字模式中写邮件代码 , 并为了提高信用效率 。
products there are various specifications of water beads , nanyang beads , freshwater pearls , beads , semihole loose beads , 3 / 4 loose pearl beads and finished jewelry .	产品有各种规范的水珠、南阳珠、新鲜水珠、半孔锁珠、3/4英尺的珠珠珠和完成的珠宝 。
the architectural spirit is to improve technique , the ecology , efficiency and economy ore foe responsibility and obligation undertaken by architects in architecture designs .	建筑精神是提高生态、生态效率、经济效率和经济效率 , 建筑设计的可靠性和对象 。
on the basis of mass borehole data , the paper analyzed middle jurassic coalbearing strata distributing features , coalbearing property , coalforming period in the yining basin .	基于数字波孔数据的基础上 , 分析了中央法官煤层煤层分布特征 , 煤炭属性 , 收集时期 。
as an example , maximum trajectory optimization was applied on a twostage ballistic missile , and a comparison of original and optimal trajectories was presented with figures and tables .	例如 , 提出了一种最大轨迹优化的实例 , 用于两个阶段的弹性导弹 , 并给出了一个原始和最优的轨迹对比 。
the fundamental reason that this is an open source project , and not a closedsource secret bit of technology , is that we have no interest in being in the business of selling or supporting it .	这是一个开源项目的基本原因 , 并没有一个关闭的资源部门的关闭资源部门 , 就是我们没有兴趣的是在销售或支持它的业务上没有兴趣 。
some of the species are flooded and vanished during the flood season . only some tall grasses survive with high tolerance of submergence . the dominant species belong to gramineae and cyperaceae .	一些物种在洪水季中被洪水和蒸发 , 只有一些高度的草原 , 具有较高的生存活力 , 它们属于草原和青春 。
and they caught every one his fellow by the head , and thrust his sword in his fellow's side ; so they fell down together: wherefore that place was called helkathhazzurim , which is in gibeon .	他们都认为每个人都是头上 , 然后把他的剑放在他的旁边 , 所以他们在一起下下下来 , 所以在那里被称为 " 赫尔卡 " 的地方 。
we describe a consecutive series of patients with unruptured ias treated by a neurosurgeon initiating a dedicated cerebrovascular practice in the " endovascular era . "	我们描述了一种由神经资源创建的脑血管细胞血管溃疡实用的病人ias治疗的常见性系列病人 。
the imbalance of public goods supplied by the government for cities and countryside has already become the deepleveled cause which influences narrowing the gap between urban and rural areas .	政府和乡村政府和国家已经成为城市和农村地区的深层原因 , 影响城市和农村地区的差距 。
pass rightness and side to pass in and out a bottle of cage pusher driven by hydraulic power hydraulic system to carry on analysis and point out original the hydraulic system existence of problem .	通过右向和侧向通过 , 通过液压力液压力液压液压系统 , 指出了原始的液压系统存在的瓶子 。
“foreign critics would look at today’s data and argue for stronger yuan gains , ” said ben simpfendorfer , a hong kongbased economist at royal bank of scotland plc .	" 因此 , 国外的批评将看到今天的数据和论点更强的元旦收益 , " 北京简单的经济学家 , 香港基于斯兰银行的经济学家 。
bank of china , for example , says its ratio was a healthy 11 . 6% at the end of september , and that number was lower than those for the other two big four banks whose shares are publicly traded .	例如 , 中国银行的银行在9月底是一个健康的11.6% , 而且 , 数字比其他两家大银行的其他两家大银行更低 。
in this paper , we propose a new algorithm based on subaperture and filtered backprojection algorithm to estimate the anisotropy of objects scattering centers in wideaperture imaging .	本文提出了一种基于子结构和滤波后注射算法的新算法 , 以估计对象扫描中心的isopy算法 。
when i was a child growing up in north dakota , my mother cooked bacon for her five children . when it was done , she pulled the hot strips out of the pan and set them on a paper towel to drain .	当我正在北达基塔的孩子开始时 , 我母亲在她五个孩子里烹饪袋 , 当她做的时候 , 她把热带的纸巾放在纸上 。
constraints between rolling section and surface grade in a plan unit and impacts due to temperature of discharging , finishing milling and coiling are considered in the practice in hot rolling factory .	同时 , 由于分散、完成成铣削及涂料的温度 , 考虑了在热轧厂的实践 。
one $9 billion lawsuit asserts that hsbc twice hired kpmg , an accounting firm , to probe mr madoff , but that the bank failed to act when concerns were raised .	一个有9亿美元的法律评估hsbc的两倍雇佣kpmg , 一个会计公司 , 证明madof先生 , 但是当时银行失败 。
instead of waiting listlessly for news from london or piecing out from his mother's gossip some country tragedy of love and jealousy , here , in a few pages , the whole story was laid before him .	相反 , 除了等待在伦敦或从他的母亲走出来的消息 , 还是从母亲的悲剧和嫉妒之前 , 在这里 , 这里 , 整个故事都在他之前 。
business for o’hara brothers , he had visited augusta , a hundred miles up the savannah river , and he had traveled inland far enough to visit the old towns westward from that city .	奥哈拉兄弟 , 他在8月访问了一百英里 , 一个数百英里的萨佛纳哈河 , 他已经走到了这座城市的旧城市 。
the investigation and identification results to the virus varieties of pepper virus disease in shaanxi showed that cmv , tmv , pvy , tev and bbwv had been found , part of them are mixinfection .	研究和鉴别结果表明 , 山西省山西病毒病毒病毒病毒病毒病毒的病毒变化与鉴定结果显示 , cmv , vv , v , v , v , v和bbbbwv 。
lax conditions at the 19th century prison , where one mafia godfather is reported to have celebrated his birthday with champagne and lobster , have earned it the nickname “the grand hotel” .	在19世纪的儿子里 , 一个马菲亚的父亲报道 , 与冠军和洛布斯一起庆祝他的生日 。
since the execution of " temporary method of administrating security funds " in 1997 . 11 , our security funds had got rapid development , had obtained the excellent result in short time .	自1997年以来 , 自1997年 " 现代安全基金 " 的执行 , 获得了很快的发展 , 获得了较好的结果 。
a town of western india eastnortheast of bombay . founded in1610 it is near the site of a mausoleum erected by aurangzeb in honor of his empress . population 284607 .	印度东部一城市 , 在1610年 , 建立了一座大厦 , 是在他表达的地方 , 人口28407 。
in addition to the main course selection , the pony club offers a selection of tapas which reflect mediterranean and seafood influences such as oysters , salmon and prawn fritters .	除了主课程选择之外 , 波尼俱乐部提供了一个反映中海和海洋的选择任务 , 如卵巢、杏仁和鱼类 。
another witness , yuri , who did not give his last name , told russia’s staterun first channel tv that the shock wave was strong enough to throw him to the floor and blow his hat away .	另外一个见证 , 欧里 , 他没有给他最后的名字 , 告诉俄罗斯州第一个通道电视说 , 震波很强 , 把他扔到地板上 。
israel says its troops only used their pistols after they were attacked , and released a video showing soldiers in riot gear descending from a helicopter into a crowd of men with sticks and clubs .	伊拉尔说 , 在他们攻击后只使用他们的裤子 , 发布了一个视频显示的军队 , 将军队从英国和俱乐部分成了一名男子 。
total 59 japonic rice lines from 9 ecotypes were used as materials in this study , and main quality characters of f1 hybrids of 303 combinations created in a diallel set of cross were analysed .	分析了9种生态类型的59个日本稻稻稻株 , 并对f-1混合物质量的主要品质进行了分析 , 建立了303个交叉组合的主要品质 。
ruth freed , an anthropologist who worked in india , found that indian families living in chandigarh modified their apartments by using curtains to separate the men's and women's spaces .	俄罗斯·弗雷德 , 印度的一个威胁学家发现 , 印度家庭生活在查德卡哈修改他们的公寓 , 使用某些人和女人的空间分离 。
in addition to the problem of underinvestment , who’s director of mental health and substance abuse , shekhar saxena , says low and middleincome countries have very few mental health professionals .	除了理解投资问题之外 , 他的心理健康和物质保健问题 , 赫克哈哈哈·萨克森说 , 低和中收入国家有很少精神健康专业 。
for example , the question of the relative merits of programming languages often degenerates into a religious war , because so many programmers identify as x programmers or y programmers .	例如 , 编程语言的相对商品的问题往往往会把宗教战争变成宗教战争 , 因为许多程序员认识为x程序员或y程序员 。
a white student posing as a study participant makes a racist comment about a black participant when he briefly leaves the room . the remarks ranges from moderate to extreme racial slurs .	一名白学生在研究参与者作为一个研究参与者 , 当他简单地留下了一个黑人参与者时 , 出现了极端的比赛 。
conclusion the suture of only superficial subcutaneous fat as well as putting rubber drainages in the abdominal incision is a simple and effective way to prevent lipoliquefaction for obese patients .	结论腹腔切除术中只有超临床脂肪的特征及放置橡胶抽取的方法是防止腹腔切除术的一种简单、有效的方法 。
conclusion: body temperature change is an important factor that influences oxygen supply and oxygen demand at different npt , but the cerebral imbalance during rewarming time needs special attention .	结论:体温变化是影响不同npt的氧化物供应和氧化物需求的重要因素 , 但在重新考虑时期的脑梗死性 。
beijing police are expected to intervene in domestic violence as legislators mull an amendment to the law on protection of the rights and interests of women , beijing daily said saturday .	周六 , 北京警方预计在国内暴力交互 , 作为法律师穆尔默尔在保护权利保护法律和利益的基础上 , 北京每日说 。
the results showed that pentosanase improved obviously dough rheology and the processing technology of soybean dietary fiber biscuit . optimal additional range of pentosanase was determined .	研究结果表明 , 磷酸酶提高了明显的抗热学及其加工工工工艺 , 测定了磷酸酶的加工范围 。
fitch said greek banks' operations in southeast europe and turkey add revenue diversification , but this comes from more volatile economies , some of which also experienced recessionary pressures .	fitch表示 , 希腊银行在东南欧和土耳其增加了收入多样化 , 但这是从更多的激烈经济 , 一些经验的衰退压力 。
in river tracing , swimming meets rock climbing and orienteering meets outdoor survival . with so many skills in play , an expedition team is only as strong as its individual members .	在河流旅游中 , 游泳会遇到岩石攀爬和东方会遇到室外的幸存 , 有很多技能 , 只有它的个人成员 。
bilberry is a close relative of the blueberry and is known for its dark purple color . bilberry naturally contains anthocyanosides and helps to support healthy eye function .	bilberry是蓝莓相对密切的相对 , 并且被称为黑色紫色 , 自然包含甲状腺苷 , 并有助于支持健康的眼部功能 。
there's no question about it: microsoft has a hit on its hands with windows 7 . even in beta form , the company's new desktop os is garnering accolades from all corners of the blogosphere .	微软没有问题:微软与窗口7.甚至在beta形式的手上有一个有关 , 甚至在beta形式中 , 公司的新桌面os是从博客的所有角度获得的 。
tired of canned and predictable answers like " i am a hard worker " and " i am thrilled by the new opportunity to learn " at job interviews ? you should consider asking oddball questions .	在工作采访时 , 我是一个艰难的工人 " 和 " 我是新机会学习 " 的机会 , 你应该考虑oddball问题 。
fengyou 54 , is a new indica hybrid rice combination , developed by taizhou agricultural research academy of zhejian province and linhai seed station of zhejian province .	凤阳54年54年 , 是浙江省农业研究学院的一家新型柴油混合米组合 , 开发于浙江省的浙江农业研究院 。
we're asking the question , taking s2 as given , what s1 maximizes this expression and as the gentleman at the back said , i'm going to differentiate and then i'm going to set the thing equal to 0 .	我们要求这个问题 , 作为给予2 , 如何最大化这个表达和作为gentleman在后面的gentleman说 , 我会分别 , 然后我会设置一个事情 。
trying to shift gears from his major , yu spent much of his fourth year in college preparing for the entrance exam for a humanresources graduate degree at renmin university .	试图从他主要的地方移动目标 , 杨花了四年在大学准备进入考试 , 为了人类资源大学的学生 。
deficiency is the psychological description is overmuch , can be in action , rub depictions of some more , in addition , can also add environment description , this article will look more vivid .	缺陷是心理的描述 , 可以在行动中执行 , rub描述更多 , 还可以添加环境描述 , 文章将看到更多vivid 。
as a professional cable manufacturer , kingsignal's products mainly serve mobile communication , digital microwave communication , aerospace , multimedia and milit .	作为一个专业的电缆制造商 , 国王信号产品主要服务移动通信、数字微波通信、多媒体和军事 。
5 p . m . explore the cultural melting pot of chungking mansions on tsim sha tsui's nathan road , the setting for another wong karwai movie , " chungking express " .	5.p先生探讨了在timssssssssssuanan路的文化融化熔池 , 建立了另一个重大的arwai电影 " 。
after treatment , life signs of subjects were stable and the metabolic support was obvious , which indicated:the bioartificial liver support system which we constructed was safe , stable and efficient .	经过治疗后 , 物体的生命信号稳定 , 抗体支持明显 , 表明:生物官方肝支持系统安全 , 稳定 , 效率高 。
similarly , on the left , a lack of visibility into the real metrics that motivates the corporation means that the change effort will never be able to factually prove success to the policy makers .	同样 , 在左边 , 缺乏可见性进入实际上 , 激励公司意味着改变努力永远不能实际证明成功的政策制造商 。
a wet phosphoric acid purifying extractor descaling method includes: a first step , using hotwater for soaking and extracting organic solvent in the scale , and then emptying hot water ;	一种湿磷酸净化法包括:第一个步骤 , 使用热水溶剂 , 提取有机溶剂 , 然后在扫描中空气 ;
most of our products designs are based on classic lines of antique pieces from 16th century european and other eras , and can be modified and combined to individual client's desire and lifestyle .	大多数产品设计是根据16世纪欧洲和其他奥巴斯的经典线 , 可以修改和个人客户的死亡和生活风格 。
cai yuanpei is a great thinker , educator and revolutionary . from his thoughts , words and behaviors , we can know his great mind , a philosopher's character and a great man's demeanor .	曹元北是一个伟大的思想家 , 教育家和革命者 , 从他的思想、词和行为 , 我们可以知道自己的大心 , 哲学家的特征和一个伟大的男人 。
the advantages of hengshui lake to develop ecotourism are environment , plants , wildlife , history and culture . we must also notice some problems . firstly , pay attention to overall distribution .	江苏湖发展生态主义是环境、植物、历史、文化的优势 , 首先要注重整体分布 。
double strands rna produced posttranscriptional gene silencing technique is being used to alter the relative proportion of the major fatty acids present in oil plants .	采用双带rna制作后期基因冰雪技术 , 利用相对脂肪酸的相对比比比例 , 提出了相对较大的脂肪酸 。
china continues to be the world's 2nd largest economy in q3 , with the gdp of $1 . 42 trillion , compared with japan's $1 . 37 trillion , people's daily online reported monday .	据周一报道 , 中国继续成为世界第二大经济 , 随着1.42万美元的gdp的gdp , 与日本的1.37万美元相比 , 日本每天的1.37万美元 。
the national antiterrorism committee says special forces killed 2 militants and detainees and detained rather a third person during a raid in a town on the outskirts of moscow .	国家反恐委员会表示 , 特别力量杀死了2个军事和死亡 , 并且在一个莫斯科的外面的第三个人 。
results a typical pattern of morphological changes of motoneuron apoptosis in the anterior horn of spinal cord was observed by both tunel staining and electron microscopy .	结果 , 采用隧道固定和电子微镜观察了一种典型的形态学变化模式 。
methods: categorize 164 sufferers , carry on rehabilitation education , psychological persuasion talk entertainment activity and various psychology support respectively .	方法:对164名患者进行重复教育 , 心理障碍和各种心理障碍 , 共同支持 。
finally , has analyzed zhai yongming the poetry writing life significance , had demonstrated the poet can realize the reason which the feminine angle of view surmounted and its be valuable .	最后 , 分析了上海诗歌写作意义 , 证明了诗歌的原因 , 实现了观众的女性角度和价值的原因 。
these banks aggressively peddled loans to the finance ministers of poorer countries suffering from balance of payment difficulties , acute unemployment , and consequent internal unrest .	这些银行对贫困国家的财政部长的财政部长来说 , 这些银行强烈地把贷款带到了贷款的财政部长 , 因此 , 急性失业 。
under the infuence of magnetic field , anp can deposit in the target area at large degree , as a result , the density of anp in the nontarget area can be decreased significantly ;	在磁场的影响下 , ap可以在大规模的目标区存储 , 结果表明 , 非目标区的密度降低 ;
passes through from the multiple perspectives slow motion playbacking evidence collection , the leeway which styles had already not quibbled , he prepares to the niu card aspect to apologize .	经过多个视角的运动 , 慢慢的运动证据收集 , 风格已经没有快速 , 他准备到niu卡方面 。
the main source of water pollution in qujiang river basin comes from domestic wastewater , then nonpoint source pollution is also important , and the water pollution from industry contribute little .	四江河盆地的水污染主要来源于国内废水的主要来源 , 然后无点源污染也是重要的 , 产业的水污染也很少 。
this paper attempts to seek the cultural root for the militarists' thought on peace by analyzing the influence exerted by confucianism , taoism , mohism and other schools of thinking .	本文试图寻求军事主义思想的文化根 , 通过对儒家、儒家、泰国等学校的影响 , 探讨军事主义思想的思想 。
in the experimental group a repaired tissues represented hyaline , smooth and flat . chondrocytes in the zones of integrating with peripheral native cartilages were more mature .	在实验组中 , 一种修复的组织代表了水平 , 光滑和平滑的组织 , 与周边的土壤的区域相结合 。
to investigate the relationship between iop in vertebral body and pulmonary fat embolism , and the relationship between cement injection velocity and pmma leakage into epidural space in pvp .	为了探讨在椎体和肺脂肪的关系 , 以及水泥注射速度和pvp中注射速度与pvp的关系 。
troy , mich . , 12 aug . 2007 . bae systems demonstrated a prototype common modular power system at the national defense industrial association's power and energy symposium .	2007年8月12日 , 2007年8月12日 , ba系统在国家防御和能源协会中展示了一个共同的模块电力系统 。
a delegation from the stateowned chinese company , china metallurgical group corporation , visited the site of a copper mine in aynak , a former alqaeda stronghold southeast of kabul , in 2007 .	来自中国国有公司的一家代表 , 中国冶金集团 , 访问了一家铜矿的地点 , 2007年以前的qaeda强势韩国东南部 。
this stateoftheart , fastacting treatment speeds fresher , healthylooking skin cells to the surface with 3 times more of the nonacid skin refinisher of our previous formula .	这种状态 , 快速的治疗速度 , 健康的皮肤细胞与前面皮肤的表面有3倍的非acid皮肤精制剂的表面 。
how cool was the welcome of a tall glass of iced green mint in the shady room , to heads ringing with colors and the cymbals of the sunl outside were the sea and the road burning with dust .	如何冷却的是一个高高高的玻璃 , 在沙迪的房间里 , 用颜色和外面的圆形的圆形 , 还有尘埃的道路 。
clinton downplayed reported splits within the libyan rebel movement , and hailed what she said was the first “natoarab alliance” providing military and political support for antigaddafi forces .	克林顿下面宣布 , 在利比亚重新运动中 , 她说的是第一个 " 阿拉伯联盟 " , 提供军事和政治支持 。
by the time of lbj's " great society " etc . , a " liberal " was someone who claimed glory for raiding the treasury and spending other people's money " liberally " to buy votes .	到了lbj的 " 大社会 " 等时 , 一个 " 自由 " 的 " 自由 " 的人声称 , 为了提高财富和花钱 " 自由买票 。
created by microsoft cofounder paul allen , who has committed $500 million since its start in 2003 , the allen institute has assembled a lessdetailed human brain atlas of its own .	自2003年开始 , 微软基金融资金保罗·帕森创造的微软基金会 , 自2003年以来 , 所有的机构成了一个更少的人类大脑 。
" at the end of the day , settlements and peace are two parallel tracks . israel cannot have settlements and peace at the same time , " said negotiator saeb erekat , speaking for the palestinians .	巴勒斯坦人说: " 最后一天 , 设立和平是两个巴拉尔轨道 。 伊拉尔不能在同时设定和平和平 , " 谈判者萨伯·埃克斯说 。
" no , " said the old woman , " there is only one way in the world , and it is so difficult that you will never redeem them . you must remain silent for twelve whole years , neither speaking nor laughing .	" 不 , " 老女人说 , " 世界上只有一个途径 , 难道你永远不会重新重新重新重新重新重新重新重新重新重新重新重新重新辞职 。 "
a veritable orgy of artistic fertility , the open goat welcomes all comers to take part in a fully democratic , spontaneous , feverish and potentially lifealtering collective improvisation .	艺术感 , 开放的谷歌欢迎所有的商人在全民主、西班牙、鱼和潜在的生活改善中采取全部的民主、分子、分子、鱼和聚合生活 。
the chatham house study , released today , says that illegal logging has dropped by between 50 and 75% across cameroon , indonesia and the brazilian amazon over the last decade ;	第四章家庭研究 , 今天发布的非法锁定已经下降了50% , 75% , 印尼亚和巴西亚的75% ;
those who take it promise to stay together for better or for worse , for richer or for poorer , in sickness and in health , to honour and to cherish , forsaking all others , until death do us part .	那些承诺在一起保持更好或更糟糕的 , 为了更糟糕的或者更糟糕的或者更糟糕的 , 在病人和健康 , 为了保护和珍惜 , 直到死亡 。
beijing , jan . 17 budapest , 15 midnight local time , xinhua , the hungarian capital budapest , a crowded disco nightclub stampede , killing three women died .	北京 , 17日 , 15个中午的当地时间 , 新华华华 , 匈牙利资本崩溃 , 一个挤出的夜泡 , 杀死了三个女人死亡 。
to read more , including information on who can legally represent you if you choose to hire an immigration representative , check out cic’s web pages on immigration representatives .	为了阅读更多的 , 如果你选择一个移民代表的代表代表 , 检查cic的web页面 。
the practice features of marxist philosophy's rejection of metaphysics contains intrinsically the orientation of criticism and construction and is the practical solution to the basic...	马克思主义哲学的实践特征包括内在批评和建设的方向 , 是基本的实用解决方案 。
the system studied in this paper not only can show fold and fault , but also can apply gis function . this paper analyzes the data structure of automatic generating geologic profile and fold and fault .	本文研究了该系统的研究并不仅能显示fold和故障 , 还可以应用gis函数 , 分析了自动生成的数据结构和fold和故障的数据结构 。
from a new perspective , the authors put forward a multiple features based analytical approach for remotely sensed imagery to overcome the limitation of the pixelbased analytical approach .	从一个新的角度 , 提出了一种基于多个特征的方法 , 以远程传感的图像来实现pxel分析方法的限制 。
description: society has entered the peak period of automotive growth , car owner in his car to spend more and more time , air pollution from vehicle to endanger people's health can not be ignored .	描述:社会已经进入了自动增长的峰期 , 车主在车辆上花了更多时间 , 空气污染从车辆到危险人民健康不能忽视 。
the dpph radical scavenging activities , the reducing powers , the amount of total phenolic compounds , the inhibitory effect on hydroxyl radical and superoxide anion radical o .	dpph辐射激光活动 , 减少了总纯化合物的量 , 抑制剂对羟基辐射和超氧离子辐射的抑制作用 。
furthermore , cabot has also introduced other advanced products to china , including masterbatch , conductive compound , inkjet colorant , aerogel and specialty drilling fluid .	此外 , 博物还介绍了中国的其他先进产品 , 包括主体batch、制造复合物、墨基色、陶瓷和特殊钻孔液 。
but could a smart grid or precision farming , in which the machines inform each other and make subsequent decisions , significantly reduce energy use and , thus , greenhouse gas pollution ?	但是 , 可以一个聪明的网格或精度的农场 , 每个机器都会信息 , 随后决定 , 明显降低能源使用 , 因此 , 绿色气污染 ?
the task " find and view patient record " may be used by most of the organization , whereas the task " create and update patient record " may be used only by the admission and front desk staff .	任务 " 发现和看病人记录 " 可能被大多数组织使用 , 同时任务 " 创建和更新病人记录 " , 可能只用于前桌面的员工 。
the main shortcoming of range finding technique with structural light is that it is unable to obtain the data of points which are sightless by pickup camera or can't be illuminated by light source .	范围发现技术的主要短缺 , 结构光是无法获得光源的数据 , 无法获得光源的光源 , 或不能被光源的光源 。
the file doclet . toc . xml is referenced as being the table of contents for this plugin ; this file will provide the data for the hierarchical information in the left pane of the eclipse help window .	文件dlet.t.toml被指为该插件的内容表 , 这个文件将提供在eclipse左页的层次信息的数据 。
many privacypreserving algorithms for data mining has been proposed including association rules , classification , clustering and so on , but few algorithms are for outlier detection .	提出了许多隐私储存算法 , 包括协作规则、分类规则、集群等 , 但是几种算法是为外检测 。
they found that when women and men work on a number of simple tasks such as searching for a key or doing easy maths problems at the same time , the women significantly outperformed the men .	他们发现 , 当女人和男人在很多简单的任务 , 比如搜索关键或做数学问题时 , 女人很容易地表现出男人 。
nor can mr edano count on support from a block of 129 lawmakers , allied to mr ozawa , who voted against mr kan's appointment as party leader last week .	上周 , 诺瓦先生可以通过129个法律师支持 , 联合到奥扎瓦先生 , 他投票了去年韩国的评论 。
improved routine immunization: partnerships focused on reducing diseases like polio and measles are also helping build a stronger foundation for the delivery of both new and existing vaccines .	改进的路由免疫:合作焦虑减少警察和措施的疾病 , 也有助于建立一个更强的基础 。
a spokesman for sierra leonean president ernest bai koroma , who is among the heads of state representing the west african alliance , said gbagbo's exit is nonnegotiable .	gbag博的发言人在美国代表西非合作伙伴中表示 , 巴格总统的出口是非合同的 。
education may not be essential for this career , but you can get a foot in the door while bettering your prospects for advancement with basic training in an automotive and diesel technology program .	教育可能不必要 , 但是你可以在门上获得足够的基本培训 , 更好的进步与自动培训和柴油技术项目 。
for the replacement of fitness gold card , please submit this form to the card issuing office through the district leisure services offices or sports centres of this department and pay a fee of $25 .	为了更换适合金卡的替换 , 请通过区域的休闲服务办公室或运动中心的25美元 。
dahongpao pepper to " big spike and more grains , meat , thickskinned rich , bright color , rich flavor , taste ma moderate " and has long " chinese name law " reputation .	大中paopepper " 大西班牙和更多的粮食 , 肉类 , 厚厚的丰富的丰富 , 丰富的颜色 , 味道 " 和 " 中国的名字法 " 。
methods: the clinical data and antibiotic resistance of 253 cases of aecb caused by acinetobacter infection from respiratory department of 10 hospitals in tianjin were reviewed .	方法:回顾了天津10所医院呼吸细菌感染的临床资料和抗生素耐药性 。
in this paper , the principles of hydrophobic surface and drag reduction are outlined . we briefly review the new way and recent progress to prepare such hydrophobic surface .	本文介绍了水生理表面的原理 , 并简要介绍了降低的原理 , 简要综述了新途径和近期进展 。
the highly efficient and accurate classification has improved the grindingclassification efficiency of the tertiary grinding , thus raising the runofmine ore throughput of system 321 .	高效分类和精度分类已经提高了反磨效率的磨削效率 , 因此 , 提高了321的运行 。
i was headhunted by hujiang when i was looking for an " out " to have a flexible schedule for my tobeborn daughter , who is now almost 5 months old . i couldn&rsquo ;	当我正在寻找一个 " 外 " 的时候 , 我已经被湖江的头部的时候 , 我现在几乎有5个月的蜡烛和squo ;
additional cleaning techniques can include using a needleless plastic syringe to vigorously wash the tooth with moderately pressured water or to softly wash it with hydrogen peroxide .	除了清洁工艺可以使用无需塑料合成 , 用现代的压缩水或软化洗净方法 , 可以使用无需的塑料合成 。
professors with dollar signs in their eyes are always announcing the birth of the latest revolutionary management technique or the discovery of the hottest new “supercorp” .	在他们的眼睛里 , 美元标志教授总是宣布最新革命管理技术或最热门的发现 。
tuesday's swoon has been dramatic , coming after a report showing u . s . manufacturing in august returned to expansion for the first time in more than a yearandahalf . for details see .	周二的瑞典一直是戏剧 , 在一份报告显示 , 美国制造业在8月返回了第一次扩大 , 详细细细介绍了 。
architecture is the most optimistic of professions , ' says mary comerio , chair of the architecture department at the university of california at berkeley , where there was a 40 percent uptick .	伯克利克利亚大学的建筑大学 , 马里·福利诺说 , 建筑物的最优化是澳大利福尼亚大学的一个40% 。
the designs were drawn up by the french architect jacques rougerie , a veteran of waterbased construction projects , and have been backed by the united nations cultural agency unesco .	本设计由法国建筑jacquerie的设计 , 一个基于水库建筑项目的船舶 , 并被美国的国家文化机构返回 。
it’s an openair loft space , with the four founders at desks in the middle of a phalanx of young men staring at screens . the four are sam yagan , the c . e . o . ;	这是一个开放的飞行空间 , 四个在桌子中间的四个创始人在一个年轻男人站在屏幕上 , 四个是萨姆 。
firstly , the paper introduces the conception , theory and mathematical model of the array antenna . serval algorithms of adaptive beamforming and doa are analyzed using matlab software .	首先 , 介绍了arayanonna的概念、理论和数学模型 , 利用matlab软件分析了自适应梁的算法 。
two duracors and one duramar unit are specified as part of the communications equipment package for each lcs unmanned surface vehicle being developed to carry out these warfare missions .	两个双重单元和一个双重的单元被指定为每个lc的通信设备包装的一个部分 , 为每个ls未曼联的表面车辆开发出来 。
later , lartigue donated all his negatives , albums , cameras and personal diaries to the french state , and from these photos and texts , we discover the story of an extraordinary and elegant life .	后来 , 律师捐献了所有的负面、博物馆、摄像和个人糖尿病 , 从这些照片和文本 , 我们发现了一个普通的生命的故事 。
at altitude , the air pressure is lower , and so are aerodynamic effects such as drag and lift , ultimately causing balls to travel faster and straighter than they would at lower altitude .	在altitude上 , 空气压力较低 , 因此 , 如拖车和升级 , 最终导致球运行速度快 , 比较低的态度 。
world stocks , measured by msci , hit a 51/2 week high this week , moving close to a breakeven point for the year as investors put tens of billions of dollars worth of cash to work .	世界股票 , 由msssssci测量 , 本周高达51/2周 , 每年投资者的数十亿美元 。
allaround introduction and specific analysis are made about the notion and structure , selection , organization and presentation of content , compilation of students' exercises and teachers' manual .	合金介绍和特殊分析是对内容、内容、组织、组织、表示、编译学生的练习和教师的手工、选择、选择、选择、组织、组织和表达等方面作出的 。
if you are just too exhausted to leave the confines of the house , unplug the phone , lock the door , batten down the hatches and spend the entire weekend at home , doing absolutely nothing .	如果你只是太高兴地让房子的限制 , 除了电话 , 锁定门 , 把整个周末停下来 , 整个周末都没有 。
like the liao , an earlier inner asian dynasty , the juchen maintained a chinesestyle bureaucracy to rule over the southern part of their conquests and a tribal state to rule in inner asia .	正如李海 , 早期亚洲 , 尤文还保持了一个中国风格的局势 , 为了在亚洲南部的规定和三个国家的规定 。
for me , it feels like you are dealing with familiarities such as cooking a lentil dish in mdardara , as well as a feeling of strangeness in familiar surroundings , such as tokyo tonight .	对于我来说 , 它感觉如你在麦达达达达达达达拉的熟悉 , 比如今晚烹饪一个柠檬树叶 , 还有一个奇怪的感觉 , 比如今晚 。
with the forest canopy closure increase , the average high and diameter also increase , but the numbers of unit area is reduced . and the distribution of update saplings changes from mission to uniform .	随着森林开关闭的增加 , 平均高和直径器也增加 , 但单位区数量的增加 , 增加了更新的运动 。
the products do not contain any natural latex components on human skin allergic reactions , nontoxic , harmless , tasteless , left and right gm , pull a good , durable , and good adhesion .	产品不包含人类皮肤合金反应、无损、无损、无损、无损、无损、左、右等自然后文本 。
carmelita montiel , a twentyyearold virgin , had just bathed in orangeblossom water and was strewing rosemary leaves on pilar ternera's bed when the shot rang out .	卡梅里塔·蒙蒂尔 , 二十岁的维格林 , 只有在橙色的水里洗澡 , 正在把罗马放在皮尔尼拉的床上 。
we use such tools here at @toprank to grow own twitter presence as well as for clients on a daily basis and have learned quite a bit about twitter best practices and which tools work best .	我们使用这样的工具来生长自己的twitter出现和客户在日常基础上使用这样的工具 , 学习了twitter实践和工具最好的工作 。
cancer vaccines can generate specific immune response to get goals of treatment mainly through activate the tumorresistant antigen , especially antitumor specific antigen .	癌症疫苗可以生成特定免疫反应 , 主要通过活化肿瘤抗原 , 特别是抗肿瘤抗原 。
a host of lifechanging inventions , from icecream cones and bottled water to electric lights , automobiles and aeroplanes were brought to public attention through successive expos .	本发明主要的生命交换发明 , 从icreamcons和瓶底水到电灯、汽车和操作器的自动化灯、自动化器和操作器人都被带来到公众的注意 。
si published his accusations late last month on the new threads website , which is famous among china's research community for exposing pseudoscience and academic misconduct .	si发表了他在上个月末在新网站上发布了他的调查 , 是中国研究社区和学术错误的著名的研究社区之一 。
hcvspecific cd8 tcell response was readily detectable in acutely hcvinfected patients regardless of virologic outcome or virusspecific cd4 tcell response .	hcvspctd8t细胞反应准确检测急性hcvin感染患者无视病毒收缩或病毒特异性cd4t细胞的病毒反应 。
i am also thankful to mr bruce lee's family for their wholehearted support . mr lee's widow , linda , personally helped prepare a layout plan of the former residence for our reference .	我也感谢布鲁斯·李先生为他们整个心脏支持的家人 , 李先生的窗户 , 个人帮助准备我们的参考计划 。
shin's previous solo efforts include the 2005 cover album " special thanks to...best selection " and later " tired " , but his latest hit , " it's me " marks shin's first proper album as a solo artist .	皮林先前的索洛努力包括2005年的 " 特别感谢 " 特别感谢......最终选择 " , 然而他最新兴趣 , " 我是 " 标志 " 。
in some major u . s . cities , sports moguls have wrested steep concessions from local governments as the price for building new palaces for their football , basketball , hockey and baseball franchises .	在一些主要的美国城市 , 运动模块已经从当地政府面临着稳定的概念 , 因为当地政府的价格为他们的足球、霍克和巴西的价格建立新的宫殿 。
since porcelain is ceramic , and therefore glasslike , its surface is smooth and impervious and unlike older bonding materials , it will not be stained coffee , tea , red wine or cigarette smoking .	由于porcelain是陶瓷陶瓷 , 因此它的表面是滑滑滑滑滑滑滑的 , 改进的旧边缘材料 , 茶 , 红色或香烟 。
carla van tiggelen designe is an international purchaser from australia , need to buy products of textile raw materials and fabrics , furniture , home textiles , gift , ceramics , adornment etc . categories .	卡拉·瓦格林·蒂格森设计是澳大利亚国际采购商 , 需要购买纺织材料和织物、家具、陶瓷等产品 。
the absolute growth of the head weight , forelimb weight , hind limb weight , body length , forelimb length , hind limb length , shin length and the third toe length showed a pattern of normal distribution .	头重的绝对增长 , 强度 , 体重 , 身体长度 , 身体长度 , 身体长度 , 长度和第三到长度 。
there’s an old “northsouth” divide partly at work with the netherlands , luxembourg , and germany critical of spain , italy , and greece – in what appear to be old cultural stereotypes playing out .	西班牙 , 意大利、意大利、意大利、意大利和希腊人一起工作 , 部分在内陆、卢克斯堡和德国的工作中都有一个古老的文化遗迹 。
the welcome ceremony was also attended by wang qishan , ling jihua , wang huning , dai bingguo , u . s . vice president joe biden , secretary of state hillary clinton and other accompanying staff .	此外 , 欢迎的仪式还是由王庆庆、青春、王胡、王胡胡锦、美国副总统乔丹·伯登、国务卿克林顿和其他人员参加 。
laing's thought chanllenged traditional views of psychiatric treatment , evoked people to query those basic hypotheses that ruled their lives and thoughts , left his mark on psychiatric practice .	布朗的思想挑战了精神治疗的传统观点 , 让人们关注那些基本假设的基本假设 , 把他的标志放在精神实际上 。
milan leandro grimi on the official site of siena speaks about the next league against milan: " yes its a bit strange for me to play against milan , but now i am at siena and want to win this game . "	米兰·莱德罗·格里伊对米兰的官方网站说话 , 下一次联赛对阵米兰的比赛: " 是的 , 现在我也是一个对阵米兰的角色 。 "
test showed that , the model derived from 2year before st by pca had a forecast accuracy of 95 . 8% for internal samples and 93 . 3% for external samples , while the one by modified method 97 . 5% and 90 . 0% ;	试验结果表明 , 该模型从2年中获得了预测精度为95.8%的内部样品和93.3% , 而外部样品的测试结果为97.5% ;
" this budget adds more debt to our country's future than all of the debt from 1789 , when george washington was president , through franklin roosevelt and lyndon johnson and george w . bush , " he said .	他说: " 这个预算比我们国家的未来更多的债务比1789年的所有债务 , 当乔治华盛顿总统的时候 , 经过弗兰克林·罗森和伦敦·约翰逊和乔治·布什说 。
o mighty armed one , seeing your magnificent form of manifold faces and eyes , manifold arms , legs and feet , manifold stomachs and manifold terrifying teeth ; all the planets tremble in fear and so do i .	或许 , 看到你眼睛和眼睛的宏观形式 , 手臂 , 腿和脚 , 双腿 , 双脚 , 双脚 , 双脚 , 双脚 , 双脚 , 全部的牙齿 。
it also has highlevel teachers all of whom have diploma degrees , including one with the national key teacher title , two with the beijing key teachers titles , six with xicheng key teachers titles .	同时也有高层的教师 , 包括一位国家关键教师的教师 , 两名北京关键教师位置 , 六名 。
the macro velocity model used for describing vti media is consistent with current velocity estimation method , and can simultaneously accommodate the isotropy , weak anisotropy and strong anisotropy .	用宏观速度模型描述vti媒体的宏观速度模型 , 具有当前速度估计方法 , 可同时可同时模拟异常 , 弱点和强度 。
therefore , any changes in expression levels or activity of ptp1b relative to the ir could affect insulin signaling and possibly contribute to the insulin resistance observed in type ii diabetes .	因此 , ptp1b相对ir的表达水平或活动变化都会影响胰岛素签名并且可能会导致胰岛素抵抗 。
britain's chancellor of the exchequer alistair darling poses with his ministerial red dispatch box as he leaves 11 downing street , en route to delivering the annual budget to the house of commons .	英国的祖先 , 与他的总理红色分散箱一样 , 因为他留下了11条下的街道 , 进入一年的预算 。
the killing activity of nk cells and the proliferation rate of spleen cells were tested by mtt assay , and t cell subgroupcd4+ , cd8+ were tested by the indirect immune fluorescent assay .	通过mtsay测试了nk细胞的杀死活性和细胞的增殖率 , 并测试了t细胞分子cd4+ , cd8+ , 用直接免疫荧光法测试了细胞的增殖率 。
bamboo garden mighty yanlord house house , authentic lake a good room , all fully equipped highend furniture , all gifts , the landlord benevolent kind , good communication , the rich noble gas .	竹花园可能yanlord房子 , 验证湖好房间 , 所有的全部设备高端家具 , 所有的礼物 , 都有丰富的通信 , 富的花园 。
in sperm and oocyte , it is proved that the calcium signals have great roles in series of complicated processes: capacitation , acrosome reaction , oocyte maturation , fertilization , embryo cleavage etc .	在sperm和oocyte中 , 证明 , 钙信号在一系列复杂的过程中具有很大的作用:吸收、吸收、聚合反应、聚合成熟等方面具有较大的作用 。
nangong selection of quality smoked pork dish , and add the proportion of fresh eggs , pure mungbean starch , ginger and small grinding sesame oil , stirring into a porridgelike , poured into casings .	南东选择了鲜鸡蛋 , 加入新鸡蛋、纯黄豆淀粉、小奶油 , 搅拌进来 。
the elections in tunisia and the dramatic demise of former libyan leader muammar alqaddafi have pushed the allegations of an iransponsored plot to assassinate the saudi envoy to washington on u .	泰国的选举和前利比亚领导穆拉玛·阿尔扎菲的戏剧性决定了伊朗对华盛顿的选举 。
ics bbtv is a brand new broadband tv client developed by shanghai media group broadband co . ltd and ics , which enables people watching copyrighted programs of ics , both live and vod , for free .	icsbbbtv是上海媒体广播有限公司和icics有限公司的一家品牌新广播电视客户 , 是由上海媒体广播公司和食品公司开发的 。
a town of northern ethiopia south of asmara . emperor menelik ii decisively defeated the italians here in 1896 to secure recognition of ethiopia's independence . population , 21 , 107 .	1896年 , 位于阿马拉南部的一城市 , 皇家尼克·梅里克·梅里克决定在这里缺陷意大利亚的意大利亚人口 , 安全认识 。
but with this example alone can you realize that with some more exercise of thoughts and intelligent i don't wanna say intelligent design here , intelligent design can you actually solve this problem so much more efficiently and just as correctly .	但是 , 在这个例子中 , 你可以意识到有些更多的思想和智能的运动 , 我没有wanna说智能设计 , 智能设计实际上可以很有效地解决这个问题 。
rome , april 7 the strong earthquake that hit central italy on monday has killed at least 150 people , injured some 1 , 500 and left around 70 , 000 homeless , italian media reported on tuesday .	据意大利媒体报道 , 4月7日 , 4月7日 , 4月7日 , 大约7 , 500人受伤 , 至少有150人死亡 , 50万人受伤 。
according to onboard military officers , sailors on the destroyer , coded ddg169 wuhan , carried out comprehensive exercises focusing on rapid response , inspections , and simulated attacks .	根据上述军事官说 , 军事部门在摧毁者 , 编码ddddg-169wuhan , 携带了全面的锻炼 , 仿真攻击 。
paul's message in all of these things is that , i didn't do anything wrong , i'm just here to obey the law , i'm here to serve my people , to honor the traditions of my people and my ethnic group , the jews .	保罗的所有这些事情的消息是 , 我没有做错误的 , 我只是在这里去观察法律 , 我在这里 , 为了尊重我民族的传统 , 耶稣 。
like previous attacks , wednesday's incident in hong kong's busy north point district involved corrosive liquid apparently thrown into a crowded shopping district from a nearby highrise building .	如前的攻击 , 星期二的事故在香港的忙碌点区 , 涉及到正确的液体 , 从附近的高层建筑区走进了一座城市 。
the level of employment is ultimately determined by aggregate demand , and aggregate demand is determined by whatever the central bank thinks the economy can bear , without jeopardising stable prices .	工业水平最终是由集体需求的最终决定的 , 并且集中银行认为 , 中央银行不能承担 , 没有jopard的稳定价格 。
their study subjects ate vegetarian whole foods with 10 percent of calories from fat , walked 30 minutes six days a week , used stressreducing techniques , and went to a weekly support group .	他们的研究对象表明 , 每周有10%的脂肪 , 走了30分钟 , 使用压力技术 , 并且每周到一个星期支持 。
here the supermarket and street stalls coexist , variety of handicraft souvenirs , with ivory and wood carvings of figures , pest birds , flowers , shape lifelike lifelike , are tourists shopping places .	在这里 , 超市和街道站着纺织物 , 各种手工工工工工工艺品 , 拥有ivory和木材 , 鸟 , 花 , 生命 。
the purpose of this study was to describe norms of pinch strength for normal taiwanese adults and to investigate the effects the of age , gender , height , weight , and digit length on pinch strength .	本研究的目的是描述普通台湾强度的普通标准规范 , 探讨了年龄、产量、重量和尺寸的影响 。
beijingfuzhou highway , 104national road , the beijingshanghai railway runs through the north and the south , since ancient times as " fdbwa three , nine province thoroughfare " place .	北京福州高速公路 , 104个国家公路 , 北京上海铁路运行通过北京和南方 , 自从古代的 " fdbwa " 三 , 九个省 。
it is the tallest rocket to emerge from the vehicle assembly building since the massive 363foot saturn v rocket used to launch apollo astronauts to the moon in the 1960s and 1970s .	自1960年和1970年 , 由于大量363英尺的火箭 , 由于汽车组成 , 最高的火箭是从汽车组成的最高的火箭 。
how can the miaos women living in the remote mountain area get to know yinyang fish , the typical symbolic logo of han's culture , and embody the socalled yinyang philosophy in their embroidery ?	如何在远山地区 , 如何能够知道中阳鱼 , 汉文化的典型象征状况 , 体现了它们的象征状态 。
on monday and tuesday , students boycotted classes and examinations while several thousand students maintained a peaceful demonstration outside the college's administration building , students said .	周二和周二 , 学生们在周二和周二 , 学生们说 , 几千名学生保持和平的示威 。
wen jiabao , carry out seriously the spirit of the 17th cpc national congress , devote more efforts to the anticorruption work and a clean and honest government construction , 9 qiushi , 6 .	温家宝 , 严重地出现了17个cpc国家国会的精神 , 使得更多努力更加努力 , 清洁和诚实的政府建设 , 9 。
february 6 , 2005 , the ministry of commerce issued " for the " thousands of rural villages " the pilot informed the market works " officially launched " thousands of rural villages " the market works .	2005年2月6日 , 2005年2月6日 , 商业部发表了 " 数千名农村村村村 " 的 " 正式发布 " 数千名农村 。
building on its expertise in amoled technology , the samsung nx10 sports a large 3 . 0 " amoled screen , delivering a far brighter and clearer image than comparable lcd screens . "	建筑在它的专家 , samsungnx10运动的samsungsung体育一个大量的3.0 " 的屏幕 , 更明显的图像 。
this may result in either a ) the polar ice caps melt , forcing mankind to live on boats with kevin costner or b ) the gulf stream stops , turning new york city into an enormous icecube .	这可能会导致一个 " 极端冰 " 熔融 , 迫使人类生活在水文成本上 , 或者将湾流停止 , 转向纽约市 。
based on structural risk minimization principal , the influences of the error penalty parameter c and the kernel parameter σ on support vector machines generalization ability are studied .	基于结构风险化原理 , 研究了误差penty参数c的影响 , 以及kernel参数对矢量机的支持能力的影响 。
under semantics guidance , through the full title sentence's analysis and the full title sentence's probabilistic logic system , we have a good solution for full title sentence's inductive acceptance .	在语义指导下 , 通过完整的句子的分析和完整的句子句号的概率逻辑系统 , 我们具有良好的解决方案 。
on hearing her routine , christopher hitchens , a polemicist , remarked that “when comedians flatter the president , they become court jesters , and the country becomes a banana republic . ”	在听到她的路由上 , 基督教徒 , 一个潜在主义者 , 表示 , " 无论来自主义 , 他们成为法庭主义者 , 以及国家成为一个巴纳共和国 。 "
as jamel belhaj , general director of public debt in tunisia , puts it , “it is very important for us to maintain an optimal combination of fixed and floating rate debt to manage our debt service costs .	正如杰米尔·贝尔哈哈杰 , 一般的公众债务总监唐尼亚公众债务的总监 , 让我们很重要 , 我们保持了一个固定和浮动率债务的最佳结合 。
designed to access the electronic control and diagnostic systems such as engine , diesel pump , gearbox , clutch , brakes , asd , asr , srs , electrical roof control , dash panel and ac/heating .	为了访问电子控制和诊断系统 , 如引擎、柴油泵、柴油泵、齿轮盒、刀具、刀具、刀具、sr、s、srs、dshpael等 。
the lawyers' associations shall conduct professional selfregulation of the practice of law by lawyers in accordance with the lawyers law , bylaws of lawyers' associations and professional rules .	律师的协会应当根据律师法律法律法律的实践 , 由法律师法律师法律师法律师法律法律的专业自我监管 , 按照法律师的法律法律和专业规定 。
it is important to recognize the circulatory dysfunction in the elderly trauma patients may be primarily caused by hypovolemia , but to differentiate it from cardiac insufficiency may be necessary .	重新认识老年性胃癌患者的循环动态功能 , 可能主要是由低血压引起的主要原因 , 但从心脏功能分化出来 。
" we talk about five core competencies in social and emotional learning , " says weissberg , " selfawareness , selfmanagement , social awareness , relationship skills , and responsible decision making .	" 我们谈论了五个核心竞争在社会和情感学习中 , " 韦斯伯格说 , " 自我管理 , 社会意识 , 和责任决策 。
waste water treatment , water purification , dewatering , bar screen , rotary drum screen , jet diffuser , pump , water filter , belt filter press , powder dissolver pumps and pumping equipment .	废水处理 , 净化 , 水净 , 水净 , 水净 , 水浸渍 , 水滤波器 , 粉末 , 泵 , 水滤波器 , 水滤波器 , 滤波器 , 粉 。
the basic principles and simulation methods of a nullcouplerbased oadm are studied firstly , especially in the crosstalk of a ybranch structure and the coupling properties of a tilted grating .	首先研究了一种基于nuullcoupleroadm的基本原理和仿真方法 , 特别是在ybranch结构和耦合性能的交叉谈 。
george w bush , who is regularly in bed by 10pm , thomas edison , napoleon , condoleezza rice , who wakes at 4 . 30am , and ernest hemingway are among those known as larks .	乔治·布什 , 经常在10pm的床上 , 奥巴马斯·爱德森 , 纳波伦 , 纳波勒逊 , 他在4.30米之间打破了 。
it had been concluded that some certain intermacromolecult cross link was formed among finishing agents and fiber by means of acid and alkalic hydrolysis , amino acid analysis and tg method .	结论 , 采用酸和碱性酸分析法 , 建立了某些微分子交叉链接 , 成纤维素和纤维素纤维素 。
s . refused to sign the agreement , and is urging the united nations' convention on certain conventional weapons " a protocol attached , so as to provide legitimacy to the use of cluster weapons . "	美国拒绝签署协议 , 并将美国在某些传统的武器 " 一个协议 , 所以为了提供立法使用集群武器的使用提供立法 。
i estimate that , based on economic values , these losses will to a further $800 billion to $900 billion , putting total credit losses north of $1 . 7 trillion for the whole period of the crisis .	我估计 , 在经济价值的基础上 , 这些损失将进一步800亿美元到900亿美元 , 将总信贷损失1.7亿美元 。
supachai's comments come as the u . s . house of representatives friday is expected to vote again on a revised $700 billion bailout plan after the bill was struck down monday .	苏巴基的评论是美国代表人周五的美国房子的评论 , 预计将再次投票700亿美元的计划 。
licensor desires to grant to the licensee for agreed sum of money as provided herein , and licensee desires to obtain from licensor , nonassignable , geographically restrictive license .	许可人要求在这里提供资金 , 并提供许可证券 , 非可信、地理检索的许可证券 。
based on the fermented yoghourt , we took fresh milk as raw material and added stabilizer , honey , essence and sugars into it to produce fruity flavor drinks with lactic acid bacteria .	基于发酵的瑜伽小时 , 我们用新鲜的牛奶作为原料 , 添加稳定剂 , 蜂蜜 , 实质 , 糖糖与乳酸的饮料 。
poet yiannis ritsos once called monemvasia " a ship of stone , " and those who have visited rave about " rugged , saltofthe earthbeauty " that provides " a refreshing escape " from the real world .	波特尼亚尼斯曾经被称为蒙瓦斯 " 石头 " 船 , 以及那些被访问的 " 石头 " , 阿尔托贝美 " , 为 " 现实世界提供了一个新鲜的逃避 " 。
when this happens , the pancreas produces greater amounts to compensate , flooding the bloodstream with insulin ; high levels of insulin in the blood have been linked to [some types of] cancer .	当这种发生时 , 胰岛素的胰岛素产生更大的量来补偿胰岛素的血流 , 血液中胰岛素的高水平相关 。
this patent pending formula , amidren contains efficacious amounts of clinically proven natural ingredients to address the 5 critical stages of male hormone modulation to address andropause as men age .	这种专利支持公式 , idren包含了临床证明自然成分的有效程度 , 以解决男性激素模块的5个关键阶段 。
while a full takeover is seen as a stretch , some companies that may cast an eye over the unit include hp's rivals in asia such as china's lenovo group ltd and taiwan's acer inc , banking sources said .	尽管一家完全采取的公司看到 , 一些公司可能在亚洲 , 比如中国诺沃集团有限公司和台湾的公司说 , 一些公司可能在亚洲的眼睛包括hps的上涨 。
the necessity and thinking on the structural adjustment in agricultural industry is discussed , on the basis of investigation and analysis on agricultural present situation of xiangtan city .	论述了农业工业结构调整的必要性和思想 , 提出了农业产业的基础 , 在研究和分析西安市农业现状的基础上 , 提出了农业调查和思路 。
single fundamental mode verticalcavity surfaceemitting laserhas potential applications such as data transmission in optical network , optical interconnect , optical storage , and laser printing .	单个基本模式垂直性表面承认sersha潜在应用程序的潜在应用程序 , 如光网、光学连接、光学存储等 。
spending in 2010 decreased 1 . 3% , after the country’s defense ministry recommended germany close several army bases and cut the number of troops from 250 , 000 to 180 , 000 .	2010年花费在2010年下降了1.3% , 美国防御部长建议德国近几个军队基地 , 并从250万到18万 。
qiu lin is new , heavy is good for her , but she is hypocritical in the eyes of others . < /p> < p> qiu lin went to the director , insisted on their own , the director appreciate her .	徐琳是新娘 , 重度很好 , 但她是个人眼睛的低点批评 , </p><pp><p> , 徐林坚持自己 , 直接欣赏她 。
keenly awaited growth figures for the fourth quarter of 2008 were as clear as mud to most analysts , who were left struggling to work out what is really happening in the world's thirdlargest economy .	2008年第四季 , 肯肯肯定等待生长图 , 正如mud对大多数分析人员的清晰 , 他就在世界第三大经济发生了什么事情 。
in order to establish a fullfledged market economy in our country , we must have a better bankruptcy law , which should remedy the shortcomings of the current law lacking of individual bankruptcy .	为了建立我国全面的市场经济 , 我们必须有更好的破产法律 , 应该重新重新回个人银行的短期收入 。
through simulation and modification , more accuracy experiment data were gained . the calibration curve of alanine dosimeter irradiated by proton was obtained at last . the linear coefficient is 0 . 999 5 .	通过仿真和修改 , 得到了更准确的实验数据 , 最后获得了alan氨酸剂量的振动曲线 , 得到了线性系数为0.999 。
it's going to run through the loop , accumulating the answers , but because i'm subtracting , x it's just going to keep making x more and more negative as it goes along , again it's off into an infinite loop .	要通过loop运行 , 积累答案 , 但是因为我提取 , x它只是保持x和更多的负面 , 同时再次进入一个有限的loop 。
joe biden , the vicepresident , responding to republican sniping today in an interview with nbc . " i hear a lot of criticism , but i never hear anything [suggested] in response .	乔布丹 , 副总统 , 今天共和党人在访谈中反应共和国人 , " 我听到了许多批评 , 但我从未听到任何事情 。
the high mountain is a unique environment . the mountain range poses tough trials for the life forms that inhabit it . yet , the challenges provide the necessary motives for species to adapt and evolve .	高山是一个独特的环境 , 山范围有足够的试验 , 但是 , 挑战提供了适应和进化的必要动力 。
the results showe that it can assist the experiments making glucose plasma which desire ideal de value . and it can significantly reduce the number of experiments , save human resource , money and time .	结果表明 , 可以帮助实验 , 能够帮助这种理想的价值 , 可以显著降低实验、节省人力资源和时间 。
earlier today , all things considered host robert siegel asked anthony carnevale , director of georgetown university's center on education and the workforce , if that number is correct .	今天早些时候 , 所有的东西都考虑了主机罗伯特·iegel问乔治多伦多大学教育中心的话 , 如果这个数字正确 。
even if you're running a oneperson business , invite your spouse or significant other , a trusted friend who knows your business , andif you can afford the hourly feesyour accountant or attorney .	甚至如果你正在运行一个超逊的业务 , 邀请你的精神或意义 , 一个信任的朋友们知道你的业务 , 并且如果你能加强一个小时的费用 。
china's ravenous appetite for energy puts the country at risk of reaching a point of “peak coal , ” when demand for coal will outstrip domestic production capacity , a growing number of experts believe .	中国的少数竞争对能源产量的增长 , 要求煤炭的风险达到一点 " 预期煤炭的风险 , " 当需求扩大国内生产能力 , 增长了许多专家相信 。
i create sculptural ceramic work which , although abstract , is rooted in the natural world . simple curved and undulating forms explore biomorphic shapes and structural growth patterns .	我创建了雕塑陶瓷作品 , 虽然抽象 , 但在天然世界上 , 简单的曲线和雕塑形式开发了生物形状和结构生长模式 。
generally , college savings plans are managed on a very aggressive portfolio of assets in the child’s younger years , switching to a more conservative portfolio as the child nears collegeready age .	一般来说 , 大学节约计划在孩子年轻的资产资产中经营了很大的激烈的港口 , 将更加保守的港口作为孩子的年龄 。
medium and late powdery cushaw , the matured fruit is off white skin with little green , high starchiness , high quality , fit to freezed treatment or cushaw powder , planted in early spring .	中晚期和晚期粉末 , 成熟的果实是白色的皮肤 , 小绿色 , 淀粉 , 高质量 , 适合早期的处理或工艺 。
china has had many 4000 company , according to baidu money signs up for exposure first quarter , in the client amount that baidu advertises , only 161 thousand , 0 . 4% what hold company sum total only .	据巴迪u货币签署 , 中国已经有4000家公司 , 根据巴迪广告的总结 , 只有16万个 , 0.4%的股东总结 。
for more on the thinking behind times open , watch the yahoo developer network's interview with nyt's derek gottfrid , senior software architect the man behind the times open gathering .	为了更多的时间开放之后 , 观看雅虎开发网络的访谈 , 与yyytdek的桌面接触 , 高级软件建筑后面的男人 。
in icrp 1990 recommendations , a new weighting factor——radiation weighting factorw_r was introduced to replace the quality factor q for modifying the absorbed dose averaged over atissue or organ .	在1990年icrp中 , 介绍了一种新的重量因子-辐射强度因子 , 使得吸收剂量的质量因子q替代了吸收剂量的平均 。
an algorithm for marking pitch at the location of the largest amplitude of continuous speech signal is described , which is based on the finding of glottal closure instants in laryngograph signal .	介绍了连续语言信号的最大的放大算法 , 基于全球闭合信号的发现 , 提出了一种基于连续语言信号的最大的放大算法 。
the liverpool manager , who has presided over six defeats in the last eight matches ahead of birmingham city's visit tonight , claimed he was " 100% sure " his team would start to climb the table .	利物浦经理 , 他在昨晚八场比赛前 , 他宣称他是 " 十00%的球队 " 。
" when we use this technique to target gm plants , we can simply identify and kill the accidentally released gm strains without hurting conventional plants , " shen told scidev . net .	" 当我们使用这个技术来目标gmt植物时 , 我们只能简单地识别并杀死了正确释放的gm株 , " 她告诉sv 。
" happy people drag their spouses out of bed to go exercise , and they encourage them to eat healthier , " says bill chopik an associate psychology 3 professor at msu , and lead author of the study .	" 幸福的人从床上挖出来 , 他们鼓励他们吃健康 , " 比尔选择一位心理3教授 , 以及研究的作者 。
though many people continue to identify black eyeliner with a retro look , zoller says it's never really gone out of style at auditions , and it's attractive as long as it's not applied too heavily .	尽管许多人仍然继续识别黑色眼睛 , 但是zoller说 , 很多人从来没有真正在审计中出现的风格 , 吸引力太重 。
chinese cities gained as the yuan strengthened somewhat against most other currencies , said mercer . shanghai , shenzhen and guangzhou moved up to 12th , 22nd and 23rd respectively .	中国城市获得了对大多数货币的加强 , 上海 , 上海 , 广州和广州移动到12 , 23年 。
as a result , it's often easier to use static vxml files even if that option offers less flexibility , reactivity , and extensibility than to go with servlets and frequent recompilations .	结果 , 因此 , 通常使用静态xml文件 , 即使选项提供更少的灵活性 , 反应性和扩展性 。
natural carnival , life of the party , our after the sentiment , smart touch gladdening the heart and refreshing the mind , strong hazel incense bring multiple taste , suddenly lifeincomparable .	自然化 , 党的生命 , 我们的意识之后 , 智能触摸心 , 重新改造心 , 强烈的哈兹尔 , 突然生命共同 。
this week , xstrata , another big mining firm , suspended operations at a nickel mine in the dominican republic while converting its power supply to run on coal , rather than—more expensive—oil .	本周 , xstrata公司 , 另一家大型矿业 , 支持在多尼克尔共和国的镍矿业 , 同时转换它的力量 , 比如更昂贵的 。
according to importance value , the vegetation in beijing wulingshan nature reserve can be classified into 3 vegetation type groups , 5 vegetation types , 42 formations and 139 associations .	根据北京文山自然储备的重要价值 , 可分为3种植物类型、5种植物类型、42种类型和139个协会 。
and , that's a good thing to know because if you come out with an answer that's somewhere near the diameter of the universe and it's supposed to be the diameter of an atom , then you will know that you probably made a mistake .	而且 , 这是一个很好的事情 , 因为如果你在宇宙的直径附近的答案中出现了一个错误 , 那么你会知道你可能会做错误 。
the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite captured these falsecolor images on january 15 , 2010 , and january 21 , 2003 .	2010年1月15日 , 美国sa的恐怖卫星上的空间空间空间排放和反射辐射器在nasa的反射辐射器上捕捉这些虚拟器图像 , 并且一月21日 。
there is a great need for deeply understanding the functions of single molecule of schistosomes in vivo due to the accumulated information from schistosome genomics , transcriptomics and proteomics .	因此 , 因此 , 由于染色体基因的积累信息、转录和蛋白质的积累信息 , 深入了解了单个分子的单个分子的功能 。
the dead sea mineral improves the skin cells metabolism relieves muscle cramps and stiffness . protects body against fluid loss and balances acidalkali levels .	死海矿物提高皮肤细胞代谢缓解肌肉裂纹和稳定性 , 保护体对流感损失和平衡 。
this company endeavors to hardening , normalizing , tempering , high and medium temperature quenching , mesh belt furnace quenching , cementing , time effective freezing and high temperature treatment etc .	本公司的研制 , 正常化 , 温度高 , 中温度高 , 中温泉泉泉泉泉泉泉泉 , 水泥 , 时间高 , 温处理等 。
ma haiyan ; chemical engineering department of nantong university zhang hao & liu zhaofeng ; state key lab for modification of chemical fibers and polymer materials ; donghua university ;	海洋 ; 北京大学的化工工工程部 ; 浙江大学 , 江华大学的化工工工工程部 ;
new york , us: nassau county police officers on horseback patrol outside the best buy electronics store on black friday , which marks the traditional start of the festive shopping season .	纽约 , 美国:nasssau县警察局在巴塞巴克的最好购买电子商店 , 星期五标志着传统的五个购物 。
volunteers of america helper rodney cunningham unloads boxes of thanksgiving food for lowincome families . he'll be getting a box himself to feed his four children and grandchildren .	美国的志愿者罗德尼·克林金·克林姆在低收入家庭的食物中 , 他会让自己感谢低收入家庭 , 给自己带来四个孩子和孙子 。
" wuzhen has a kind of nourishing energy , " said meng jinghui , the artistic director of this year's theater festival . " in terms of content and budget , they have given us complete freedom .	" 武昌有一种保护能源 , " 孟京说 , 今年的战争节日的艺术总裁 , " 在内容和预算的时候 , 他们给我们完全自由 。
after appreciating the exhibition , mr . coumet bought several kinds of souvenir on display and inquired on the business of buying pictures , showing heartfelt affection towards the master's works .	经过欣赏展览之后 , 专栏购买了几种类型的sovenir , 并在购买图片的商业 , 显示了心脏感染主人的工作 。
the spotchecking results of fiber grade pet chip were analysed from intrinsic viscosity , diethylene glycol content , melt point , carboxyl end group , color , agglomerating particle and powder .	分析了纤维级宠物芯片的分布结果 , 分别从属性粘度、二甲基乙醇含量、熔化点、碳化合物组、聚合粒子和粉末的分布结果 。
in the eyes following son , rich brocade scale up of the beauty is engaging , pure such as the face of jade send forth a radiant ray of light and show people heart to concuss perfect creature chi .	在以下的儿子里 , 丰富的布鲁卡德被抓住 , 比如jad发送的脸部 , 显示人们心脏完美的小孩 。
first , yuanshizhu emperor kublai khan ended after the unification war , firmly once issued an order south demolishing the city city wall , after demolishing strictly prohibited repairing .	首先 , 元山皇帝在联合战争结束后 , 一旦发布了一个订单的南部城市墙 , 后来决定严格的修复 。
the expression of pdgf a was mainly found in the renal distal tubule and epithelial cells of distal straight tubule and glomerulus capillary , but igf 1 in transplanting artery equal expressed .	pdgf的表达主要是在肾脏缺血管和腹部细胞中发现的pdgf表达 , 而且在移植动动动脉的同样表达 。
how much people make is " the no . 1 lie , " says julie jansen , a careercoach and author of " i don’t know what i want , but i know it’s not this . " " i tell my clients not to embellish their salaries . "	朱莉·杰森说 , " 大多数人是 " 我不知道我想要的 , 但我告诉我的客户不要这么说 。 "
the budget of a local government at any level includes revenues turned over by the governments at lower levels and revenues refunded or subsidies granted by the governments at higher levels .	在任何层面上 , 任何地方政府的预算包括通过低级的政府的收入 , 并在低级和收入或低级的地方政府的收入 。
you may perhaps have some pleasant , thrilling , glorious hourss , even in a poorhouse . the setting sun is reflected from the windows of the almshouse as brightly as from the rich man's abode ;	或许你可能有一些愉快 , 令人愉快的时光 , 甚至在贫穷的房子里 , 设置太阳被视为丰富的窗户 ;
at least 20 local madrassa students have disappeared , most likely to join the fight in afghanistan , he says , and taliban backers are even trying to stop the traditional music and dancing at weddings .	他说 , 至少有20名当地的马德拉萨学生已经失望 , 大多数可能加入阿富汗战斗 , 甚至塔利班后者甚至试图阻止传统音乐和舞蹈 。
method according to the criterions of diagnosis and degree established by respiratoy branch of chinese medicine academy , 81 patients of mild or moderate bronchial asthma was selected .	方法根据中医学院的诊断和程度建立的诊断和程度 , 采用中医学院的呼吸分支 , 选择81例儿童哮喘患者的81例 。
this is based on changes that first appeared during aix 5 . 3 , when you no longer had to turn off strict_maxclient , increase minfrree and maxfree , or reduce minperm , maxperm , and maxclient .	这是基于aix5.3中第一次出现的变化 , 当你不再转化严格的xmaxclientent , 增加微波 , 或者减少的 , 矩阵 。
the cboe volatility index or vix . vix , wall street's socalled fear gauge , fell despite a decline in stocks earlier in the day as traders saw fewer reasons to buy protection .	虽然早些时候 , cbob的电压指数或vix.vix.vix , 华尔街所谓的恐惧游戏 , 尽管早些时候 , 还有一些原因 。
the council for a parliament of the world's religions has organized meetings in 1999 in cape town , south africa ; in 2004 in barcelona , spain ; and the next is set for 2009 in australia .	2004年 , 世界宗教会议会议会在19999年在坎普城 , 南非 ; 2004年在巴塞罗纳 , 西班牙 , 下一次是澳大利亚 。
the good news is that h1n1 is hitting north america at the tail end of its flu season . it's possible that the virus may peter out and reappear next autumn , but that gives us months to prepare .	好消息是 , h1n1正在击败北美的尾巴结束 , 可能是病毒可能出现并重复出现 , 但这给我们几个月的准备 。
" it's good to know every game is winnable , " lamar odom said after practice saturday . " so we're down 10 , with seven minutes left , six minutes left , we know that we can come back and win that game .	" 每个游戏都很好 , " 拉姆·奥林星期六在练习中说道 , " 所以我们下了10分钟 , 七分钟左后 , 我们知道我们可以回来 。 "
importantly , the wellestablished and proven workflow processes of tmcs that feed into corporate clients’ systems rely almost exclusively upon the airline booking and servicing capabilities of gdss .	最重要的是 , 建立和证明的tmcs的工作流程 , 饲料到公司的客户系统几乎依赖于空中书籍和服务能力 。
the conservative firebrand has signed a multiyear deal to serve as a fox news contributor , the cable channel's executive vice president for programming , bill shine , said in a statement .	在一份声明中 , 保守的纤维品牌已经签署了多年的交易 , 作为一个fox新闻发布者 , 电缆通道的执行副总裁 。
the international community spent an estimated $500 million to bankroll the vote , which senior u . s . and u . n . officials acknowledged in recent weeks would be far from perfect .	国际社区在最近几周被称为 " 美国高级 " 和美国官员 " 的评估将远达500万美元 。
" there is therefore a need to take into account dietary habits when designing studies to assess the association between flavonoidrich foods , antioxidant activity and degenerative disease , " they add .	因此 , 因此 , 当设计研究对象时 , 需要考虑对象的饮食习惯 , 来评估flavonidrich食物的关系 , 抗氧化剂活性和死亡病的关系 。
and then we said you can also achieve octet stability and electron transfer if you look at elements that are just a little bit rich of electrons versus octet stability or a little bit lean of electrons .	然后 , 我们还可以实现卵巢稳定性和电子转移 , 如果你看到的元素只是一个小型的电子稳定性或少量的电子 。
based on high effective locations algorithm and error estimate , improvement of the publickey scheme based on chebyshev maps proposed recently was presented and a key agreement protocol was given .	基于高效位置算法和错误估计 , 提出了基于chebyhev地图的改进方案 , 并提出了一个关键协议 。
six kinds of new schiff base tripodals were prepared by using the triethanolamine , salicylaldehyde , and amines as materials . the synthesis of these compounds are shown as follows .	采用三甲醇、三甲醛、三甲醛制备了六种新型的三甲基三聚合物 , 并提醒了这些化合物的合成 。
she had brought up bits of old packing cases and the seats of broken kitchen chairs , and things of that sort , and spread them across from rafter to rafter so as to make a bit of floor .	她带来了很多旧包装案件和布鲁森厨房椅子的座位 , 以及那种艺术的东西 , 把它们放在地板上 。
cocacola south pacific last year ran advertising titled " motherhood &mythbusting , " featuring popular australian actress kerry armstrong and claiming coke was " kiddy safe .	去年 , 加拿大南太平洋地区的广告指出 " 母亲&mybus " , 特别是澳大利亚的演员克里坚强 , 声称这是孩子安全的 。
it suggested that the malignant transformation of human embryo lung diploid fibroblast cell strain kmb17 cell could be induced by cofc , which might have potential carcinogenicity to human .	建议 , 人胚肺纤维细胞的恶性变化可能由cofc导致 , 可能有潜在的癌细胞产生 。
epitaxial growth of lbd and laser on single crystal silicon film quartz substrate or single crystal silicon film quartz substrate deposited buffer layer .	单晶晶硅薄膜的单晶晶晶晶晶晶晶晶粒子的生长或单晶晶晶晶晶晶晶晶粒子的单晶晶晶晶粒子 。
private secondary schools are unlikely to succeed in the situation have been beneficial to their own circumstances , to attract highquality source of students , the school must have a high quality .	私人二级学校不可能成功地成功在自己的环境状况下 , 为了吸引高质量的学生 , 学校必须有很高的质量 。
conclusion the expression status of her2 is closely related with gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma , the positive expression of her2 is a poor prognosis indicator for gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma .	结论t2的表达状况与胃心肌癌的表达状况密切相关 , 是胃癌的阳性表达 。
methods: gene chip and rtpcr were used to study expression of cxcr4 mrna in two cell lines and the cxcr4 surface expression was also examined by flow cytometry analysis .	方法:采用基因芯片和rtpcrcrrcr4mrna在两个细胞内的cxcrcr4mrna和cxcr4表达的表达方法 。
the performance nevertheless missed wall street expectations , as the new yorkbased life insurer raised capital for its $15 . 5 billion purchase of american life insurance co . , or alico .	没有错过的墙街道预期 , 因为纽约的生命存储储储储资本增加了15亿美元的美国生活保险公司的15.5亿美元 。
build scripts in languages like groovy or ruby are more concise and easier to read . there’s less clutter , boilerplate code , and your build script can be structured better .	如graovy或ruby这样的语言脚本 , 比如graooovy或ruby , 更容易阅读 , 更小的cutt , boilplate代码 , 并且您的脚本可以更好 。
the fall of rome did not destroy one of the most important tenacious and significant aspects of the old culture , the roman catholic church , which remained and became the central fact for the new culture .	罗马主义教会不会摧毁一个最重要的角色之一 , 最重要的是旧文化的重要方面 , 罗马帝国教堂 , 仍然成为新文化的中心事实 。
mr paisley , who leads the dup , the largest unionist party , is an 80yearold protestant cleric who has spent his life denouncing the very idea of a rapprochement with republican leaders like mr adams .	帕伊利先生领导了荷兰 , 最大的联合党 , 是一名80岁的抗议客户 , 他花了自己的生活 , 和共和党领导人一样的想法 。
in america babyboomers are flooding into retirement ; in europe the market is greying ; and in india and china the large number of graduates masks low numbers of truly highquality candidates .	在美国婴儿体育家正在流入退休 , 欧洲市场正在绿化 ; 印度和中国大量的毕业人数低 。
the 1974 neonoir movie “chinatown” was based on the insider land grab by speculators and the bitter water wars the department of water and power fought during the 1930s with owens valley residents .	1974年74年尼龙电影 " chatatown " 是根据投资者和投资者的投资者 , 并在1930年的雪谷居民 。
on m111 engine test bench , using the test methods specified in gb/t19230 . 62003 , the effect of different oils to deposits at air inlet valve and combustion chamber of the engine is studied .	针对m11发动机测试方法 , 利用gb/t230.62003指定的测试方法 , 研究了不同的油脂在空气阀和燃烧室内的影响 。
if several hundred thousand more haitians were able to migrate , those dominican , honduran or salvadoran numbers suggest that remittances to haiti would give its economy a huge and continuing jolt .	如果有几千多名海地人能够迁徙 , 这些多个海地人或海地的数字表明 , 重新承诺了经济的巨大和继续的约翰 。
perhaps people need to remember that china refused tosurrender to the japanese , and kept a third of the japanese armed forcesengaged , preventing them from being diverted to fight other alloed forces .	也许人们需要记得中国拒绝对日本的旅游趋势 , 并保持三分之三的日本武装力量 , 防止其它合作力量 。
i guess i’m saying that even though i’m not making a significant direct financial input into our family , the volunteer work that i do is significant enough that some people get paid to do it .	虽然我觉得 , 尽管我不会在家里做出一个重要的直接金融输入 , 志愿者的工作很重要 。
vicki back atmosphere was more awkward . < /p> < p> 11 weeks old and rainbow and eat together , two people about good signal if one felt good on the old week to pinch his ear .	维克尼回来的大气越来越多 , </p><1周的<p>111周老雨 , 吃一起 , 两个人在老周都吃好信号 。
relatively new campaigning groups such as uk uncut will be joining traditional political attendees at the festival , including trade unions , as well as antinuclear , green and grassroots groups .	比如英国联合会的相对新竞争团体 , 如英国联合会 , 将加入传统的政治关注 , 包括贸易协会 , 绿色和葡萄牙集团 。
the equilibrium temperatures of inclusion in pingbei area are characterized by double peak , which means at least two session of hydrocarbon filling occurred in the reservoir of pinghu formation .	双峰的平衡温度由双峰形成的两个部分 , 均衡的平衡温度 , 其中至少有两个层次的水文碳填充在pinghu形成的储层中 。
the fluid was so hot that it made upper ordovician palaeotemperature go up 50 °c , and increased the hydrocarbongenerating rate of carbonate rock in ordovician 32 times at least .	所以 , 这种流感很热 , 它使得上海的太平洋温度达到50°c , 增加了碳酸盐岩的氢生成率至少32倍 。
treated with high temperature steam produced by the autoclave and pressure cooker , the influence of high temperature steam treatment on the content of gcg in green tea was studied in this article .	本文研究了高温蒸汽制备的高温蒸汽和压力烹饪器 , 研究了高温蒸汽处理对绿茶含量的影响 。
the geometric model for target hitting analysis of predictive arctype trajectory is set up and its analytical solution is derived . this is a new algorithm for target hitting analysis .	建立了预测弧形轨迹的几何模型 , 并提出了其分析解决方案 , 提出了一种新的目标冲击算法 。
in my opinion , having a dinner party can of couse reinforces the friendship among the friends . but it won't be forgoten that we shouldn't lay others' pain aside , while enjoying ourselves .	在我的想法中 , 晚餐党可以加强朋友的友谊 , 但是我们不会忘记其他人痛苦 , 而享受自己 。
the pavilion was made out of 12 translucent orange cylinders housing the exhibit's various functions: conference room , information booth , food stand , and advertising column , for example .	例如 , 由12个透明橙色圆筒制成 , 展览的各种功能:会议室、会议室、信息室、食物标准和广告栏目 。
as a gift to 2012 sinoseychelles culture year , the final of global cultural ambassador will be held on pearl on indian oceanbeautiful archipelago country seychelles .	作为2012年的礼物 , 全球文化的最后一年 , 将在印度海洋美丽的阿普拉戈州海洋海洋美丽的阿拉戈 。
the japanese industry pavilion is quite near to the pavilion of urban civilization . japan has always paid great attention to participating in world expos , and surely it will not disappoint you .	日本工业旅行很近城市文明的旅行 , 日本总是为了参加世界博览 , 并且肯定不会失去你 。
nowadays , our markets include southern and eastern europe , australia , middle east , southeastern asia and america , and we have regular shipment to many of these destinations monthly .	目前 , 我们的市场包括南欧和东欧、澳大利亚、中东、中东、中东、中东、南亚和美国 , 我们经常提到许多债务 。
article 35 2 limit orders for options contracts may state that the order must be executed immediately or else be canceled , or must be executed immediately in full or else be canceled .	第三十五十二条选项有限订单 , 必须立即执行订单 , 或必须立即执行 , 或必须立即执行 。
wellknown for the loyalty to his sovereign , jeong mongju is a poet , scholar and famous minister who believes in confucianism during the gongmin and simwu dynasties of korea .	著名为他忠诚的忠诚 , 江蒙是一个诗人 , 学者和著名部长 , 相信在朝鲜时期的儒家和同样的朝鲜时代 。
women's or girls' suits , ensembles , jackets , blazers dresses , skirts , divided skirts , trousers , bib and brace overalls , breeches and shorts	女人或女孩的服装 , 包装 , 夹克 , 衣服 , 裙子 , 裙子 , 分布的裙子 , 裤子 , 双手和短裤 。
have " big sen " of business is drawing a voice to draw the color earth as the good believerses or the descriptions in the future fine blue print , or point out future generations maze ;	具有 " 大型 " 业务 " 的大感觉 , 将来的蓝色印刷 , 指出了未来的未来一代的颜色 ;
this result discloses that gekko gecko may improve ovulatory function of patients with anovulatory dysfunctional uterine bleeding , anovulatory infertility , and so on .	本研究结果表明 , gekkogeko可能提高患者的卵巢功能 , 血管功能的血管功能 , 可提高患者的卵巢功能 。
objective to illustrate the mechanism and significance of increased diagnostic rate of brachial plexus injuries using electromyographic examination of phrenic and accessory nerves .	目的:通过电磁检测和访问神经的电磁检测 , 阐述了大脑插入损伤的机理和意义 。
by combining with some project example , the bridge navigable clear width are calculated and analyzed . in addition , several advices are put forward for implementing current navigation standard .	通过对某些项目例子进行结合 , 提出了可导航的可导航宽度计算 , 并分析了几个建议 , 实现目前的导航标准 。
yet there was one more surprise left in this uruguay team , with maxi pereira's injurytime strike turning the last minutes of the game into wetyourpants time for holland's defenders .	然而 , 在这个乌克圭的队伍中 , 马西·波莱拉的伤害时刻 , 将最后一分钟的比赛转化为霍尔兰的守卫时间 。
pop singer mariah carey was born on march 27 , 1970 in huntington , n . y . to an irishamerican opera singer mother and an africanvenezuelan engineer father .	1970年3月270年3月27日出生于华盛顿 , 纽约出生在华盛顿 , 到一个爱国裔歌手和非洲工程师父亲 。
however grist , the local force's equine liaison officer , cautioned drivers that they could face assault charges if their flag flew off and struck a pedestrian or a cyclist and hurt them .	然而 , 当地军队的平等利亚松官员 , 他们可以面对他们的旗帜飞行 , 打破他们 , 如果他们能面对自己的旗帜飞行 , 打破他们 。
in 1968 , with memories of the sixday war with israel fresh in arab minds , he caused a furore by kissing a jewish woman , barbra streisand , in the movie funny girl .	1968年 , 68年 , 随着6天的战争的记忆 , 在阿拉伯思想中 , 他引起了四个被吻合一名犹太女人 , 巴布拉·斯坦德 。
the village stands far behind , and the streams that jog through the soft green valleys all about have as little knowledge of the seas as the threeyear old child of the storms and passions of manhood .	村庄站在后面 , 走过软绿谷 , 所有关于海洋的三年的老孩子和热情的浪漫 。
their works not only expressed the depressed and discontented history and the palpitate unstable soul of ci poets , but reached the perfect fusion of current affairs and the aesthetic specialty of ci .	他们的作品并不仅表达了深刻的历史和不稳定的灵魂 , 却达到了当前事务的完美融合和美学特色 。
modest pattinson , dubbed rpatz by fans , admitted he was still getting used to the fan hysteria , which kicked off in 2008 when he first played vampire edward cullen in the first twilight movie .	2008年 , 最大的巴特丁森 , 他承认他仍然被法国的法国哈斯蒂尼亚打了沃尔·爱德华尔的第一次电影 。
when the crisis unfolded and markets devalued all banks across the board , investors picked up seemingly cheap stock , expecting earnings to normalize in 18 to 24 months , ocampo said .	奥波斯说 , 当危机不折磨和市场价格的时候 , 投资者看起来很廉价的股票 , 预计在18至24个月的正常化 。
meanwhile , further arms cuts , both hope , might smooth the path to agreement on boosting the battered nuclear nonproliferation treaty at its fiveyearly review in 2010 ;	同时 , 进一步 , 两个希望 , 两个希望 , 同时 , 同时 , 同时 , 将电池核非增殖治疗在2010年的五年内重新审 ;
spain's carles puyol scores a goal past germany's goalkeeper manuel neuer during the 2010 world cup semifinal soccer match at moses mabhida stadium in durban july 7 , 2010 .	2010年7月7月7日 , 西班牙汽车在2010年7月7月7日 , 德国目标第一名半决赛者在莫斯班牙马里达·马拉巴达州举行的目标 。
in a sign of increasing confidence in the pace of recovery , ford said it would begin to push its inventory levels over the 400 , 000vehicle level that it has maintained in recent months .	在回收过程中 , 福特表示 , 将开始在400 , 000辆车辆水平上提高信心的迹象 , 最近几个月保持了4万辆车辆水平 。
downing street said prime minister david cameron has decided to stop using the treasury as his personal photographer of two wages , so as to avoid " the wrong signal to the public release . "	下街表示 , 首席大卫卡梅隆决定使用两个字母的个人照片 , 因此避免 " 错误信号 " 。
since being elected president in february 2010 , mr yanukovych has moved in two directions , consolidating his personal power but also pursuing economic integration with the european union .	自从2010年2月以来 , 云南基先生在两个方向上搬迁 , 巩固自己的个人力 , 还采取了经济集成 。
other features include electric starter with recoil backup , single lever hydraulic disc front brakes , hydraulic rear foot brake , stamped steel wheels , and comes in indy red .	其他特点包括电动启动器 , 单叶液压分布前包 , 液压背包 , 停止钢轮 , 并在红色 。
on a large television screen the previous day , elisabeth , 42 , had confronted her father with the full horror of her 24year ordeal in hour after hour of harrowing prerecorded testimony .	在前一天 , 42岁的电视屏幕上 , 伊丽莎白 , 她的父亲与她的24年或一小时之后 , 与她的父亲相关 。
organizers hope the dinner will raise $185 , 000 for the royal parks , which provided the setting for scenes in the second film in the series , " bridget jones: the edge of reason . "	组织者希望晚餐会提高185万美元 , 为皇家公园提供了第二部电影的设置 , " 桥桥琼斯: "
since independence from britain in 1956 , sudan's northern leaders have fought to extend their power throughout the rebellious south , waging a civil war for all but 11 of the past 48 years .	自从1956年英国独立 , 苏丹北部领导人已经足够扩大他们的力量 , 扩大了过去48年的民间战争 , 扩大了他们的力量 。
that is , until the great archaeological discoveries of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries , which unearthed for us the great civilizations of the ancient near east , of which i have drawn a remarkably lifelike map ] here on the board: mediterranean , i always start with the mediterranean ocean , the nile river , the tigris and the euphrates .	这是 , 直到九十年和二十世纪的伟大的建筑发现 , 对于我们来说 , 古代的文明 , 我开始了一个明显的生活 。
sanford c . bernstein analyst jeffrey lindsay estimates yahoo's standalone value at closer to $25 per share , leaving out any deal with microsoft or google . yahoo shares closed at $25 . 72 on tuesday .	桑福德.伯恩斯坦分析师jefeffreylindsayyyysay估计yyyyyyysaresay的标准值25美元 , 每股25美元 。
and all of a sudden he had a crisis well , i'm not going to get into the depth of it but our banks , because they wanted to make more and more moneyand our investment bank , wall streetkept issuing different paper against mortgages so it made it simple to give a mortgage .	所有突然他有危机的突然 , 我不会进入我们银行的深度 , 因为他们想赚更多的钱 , 华尔街的投资银行 , 让它变得不同 。
copies of these works , totaling 381 bundles , have been distributed so as to render them accessible to european scholars . prof . jayadeva singh writes in his " introduction to madhyamika philosophy " .	这些作品的复制 , 总有381英镑 , 因此 , 要把他们分配到欧洲学者的学者 , 教授 , 杰达瓦在他的 " 智利 " 中写道 。
the japanese artists isobe katsushiro and mizuno ryo continue to follow japanese beau ideal style , one draws the insect world with his pencils , another builds the weird atmosphere with his ball pens .	日本艺术家isobebekatsushiro和mzununoryo继续跟随日本北美的理想风格 , 一个画了它的珠宝 。
portugal has several other tourism regions such as douro sul , templários , dãolafões , costa do sol , costa azul , planície dourada , etc . most of them are unknown to tourists and locals alike .	葡萄牙有几个旅游地区 , 比如多元苏格斯 , 德罗斯 , 科斯塔太太太阳 , 科斯塔·多达 , 大多数游客和当地 。
