there is a television in the middle of living room .	房间中间有一个电视 。
they will spend a lot of money on new buildings .	他们将花很多钱在新建筑上 。
ifnecessary , we shall send a telegram home .	如果有必要的话 , 我们将发送一个电信家 。
and you fixed them up with the plasters in your firstaid kit .	你把他们固定在你第一次海底厨房里 , 把它们固定起来 。
the notsosubtle juxtaposition is inescapable .	难以置信的朱克思塔斯是不可避免的 。
he's pasturing his cattle on the top meadow .	他在顶部梅德ow上把猫走过去 。
but his teacher commented: " you are not in yet . "	但是他的老师说: " 你还不在 。 "
but this was also a year in which the chinese dream showed clearly .	但这也是一年 , 中国梦的一年 , 显然显示出来 。
i shall join the lunch on 17 october 2010 .	我将在2010年10月加入午餐 。
he can whisper mellifluous nothings in my ear .	他可以在我的耳朵里没有什么东西 。
the supply of raw material has been greatly reinforced .	原材料的供应很大程度上加强 。
this kind of walking tractor runs on diesel oil .	这种行车跟踪器在柴油上运行 。
i bought a plastic cover for a typewriter .	我买了一个塑料盖 , 用于类型的作家 。
it had the spiral structure revealed by congo red .	它有螺旋结构由刚果红色透露出来 。
because we're students we get in free of charge .	因为我们是学生 , 我们在免费电费中得到的 。
this is what psychologists dream about at night .	这是心理学家在晚上梦想的 。
let us know , let us pursue the knowledge of the lord .	让我们知道 , 让我们追求耶和华的知识 。
that he's not going to suddenly be left adrift .	那时他不会突然离开 。
to assail with stinging criticism ; excoriate .	为了保证评论的批评 ; 勇敢的 。
example: a woman is married to mr . zhao .	例如:一个女人嫁给赵先生 。
i won 100 dollars in the scratch lottery .	我赢得了100美元的投资贷款 。
is it too much to ask for a little precipitation ?	这太多要问一点沉淀吗 ?
his efforts were defeated by the forces of reaction .	他的努力受到反应力的影响 。
contact the old knowledge , revealing new lesson .	联系旧知识 , 揭露新的教训 。
and here in london , you have a lot of africans .	在伦敦 , 你有很多非洲人 。
definitely huaqing pool . it's the most famous .	无限是华庆池 , 是最著名的 。
and all my little candle flames burned out ;	我的小烛火烧了出来 ;
i've called it 'wikiwiki . '	我已经把它称为 " 威基威基 " 。
sickness is suffering , death is suffering ;	疾病正在遭受伤害 , 死亡正遭受伤害 ;
indicate the operating sound level for each valve .	指出每个阀门的操作声水平 。
the children were marshalled into straight lines .	孩子们在直线上被冲进了 。
b:here is viewing fish at rower harbor .	比如:在这里 , 正在看鱼在棕榈港口看 。
at a party in paris after violetta's return .	在巴黎后 , 维尔兰塔的回归后 , 在巴黎 。
some of you have come fresh from narrow jail cells .	一些你来自狭窄的jail细胞的新鲜 。
salma asks her husband when the couple get home .	萨尔玛问她丈夫在夫妇回家时问她的丈夫 。
i take a deep inhale , depressed at the freshness .	我带着深海 , 新鲜感到沮丧 。
i was an editor in morningstar from 2003 to 2007 .	今天早晨我是2003年到2007年的一名编辑家 。
with such a great victory come unreasonably great expectations .	这种伟大的胜利是不合理的预期 。
steven: i have a lot of wark to do in the company recently .	史蒂文:我最近在公司做了很多战争 。
but that of the fixed dunes is the contention between species .	但是 , 固定的鸭子是物种之间的矛盾 。
on hearing that , her face went white to the lips .	在听到那个时候 , 她的脸朝着嘴唇走了白色 。
it is not enough to say there is some economic growth .	这并不足以说有些经济增长 。
how dirty the house is ! it has many dust bunnies .	房子多么污染 , 是多少尘埃 。
then joshua let the people go away , every man to his heritage .	然后约书让人民离开 , 每个人都去他的遗产 。
in case there is a collision of characters libra should concede .	在案例中 , 有一个字符libra的碰撞应该隐藏 。
on the way home , several passersby wished me well .	回家的路上 , 几个旅客希望我很好 。
figure 3 shows a screenshot of the doap home page .	图3显示了doap主页的屏幕 。
one car come , one car go , two car bongbong , one people die .	一辆汽车到来 , 一辆车 , 两辆车长 , 一人死了 。
his list ultimately became church policy .	他的列表最终成为教会政策 。
the ancient wild alone and dolphins connector .	古代的野生独立和海豚连接器 。
i swear on my honour that i knew nothing about this .	我在我的荣誉上 , 我知道这件事没有什么东西 。
the first concept was the use of the bind/unbind methods .	第一个概念是bind/unbind/unbind-bind方法的使用 。
orlando bloom had a couple of broken ribs ;	奥兰多·布洛姆有几个破碎的肋骨 ;
sophistry is a kind of special negative thought .	索菲里是一种特殊的负面思想 。
i think it's one of the best things about life in london	我认为这是伦敦生活中最好的事情之一 。
okay , we know . this is the opposite of plan 3 .	好的 , 我们知道 , 这是计划3的反对方案 。
the person , even the child , mose choose for himself .	人 , 即使是孩子 , 莫斯选择自己 。
sexologist's home turned into education center	性学家的家庭变成教育中心 。
you can watch the parleys . com keynote .	你可以看到parley.com键盘 。
storage for ten months in shady room and dry place .	存储10个月的沙迪房间和干燥的地方 。
an option of viewing each of them in detail is given .	详细介绍了它们每个观点的选项 。
i bought a spray shampoo in a pet shop .	我在宠物店买了一只喷雾的沙马poo 。
those attributes are used by the system and should not be modified .	这些属性被系统使用 , 并不应修改 。
this time the croc goes after jack's dog minty .	这个时候 , 克莱克的狗小了 。
jalo has forgotten that he fell off his bicycle .	杰罗忘了 , 他自行车下跌了 。
attendant: certainly . cream and sugar ?	参加者:当然 , 奶奶和糖 ?
his reception however was of the most flattering kind .	然而 , 他的接待却是最平坦的种类 。
tan mei met john at the park again .	谭梅再次在公园里遇见约翰 。
i have lost my dictionary . please lend me yours .	我已经失去了我的词典 , 请把我留下来 。
why is english article use so difficult ?	为什么英语文章如此困难 ?
that's how we got to the fahrenheit scale .	这就是我们如何到fahrenheit范围中获得的 。
she rarely spoke , she had no connection with the world .	她很少说话 , 她没有与世界联系 。
the loops are connected by a crossover section .	循环由交叉区连接起来 。
krämer: i find the us initiative highly problematic .	克拉默:我发现美国的初始性很高 。
don't go for a usual all things tech blog .	不要去通常所有技术博客 。
no . that’s how people refer to little girls .	不 , 那就是人们指少女孩怎么样参考 。
she waited patiently for frances to finish .	她等待法国人来完成 。
all locks have the following basic attributes	所有锁都有以下基本属性
b: these are the various kinds of packing for pliers .	b:这些是各种包装 , 用于推动者的包装 。
directly across was the arco building .	直接过去是阿科建筑物 。
c1400 the great vowel shift begins .	c1400的伟大的vowel转换开始 。
this is called the monotonic property of entailment .	这被称为 " 环境 " 的单构性质 。
they are my older brother and younger sister .	他们是我的哥哥哥和妹妹妹 。
so , what does the family protect behoove to do ?	所以 , 家庭保护怎么做 ?
oh fiona found out she had some money in her pocket .	哦 , 弗里亚发现她在口袋里有一些钱 。
" none of us had ever been one on one with him , " she said .	她说: " 没有人曾经和他一起曾经是一个人 。 "
now before magnycours we had a very strong test there .	现在 , 在磁学前我们在那里有很强的测试 。
amy is smaller than sue . sue is smaller than lee .	艾米比su更小 。 苏珊比李更小 。
there’s no getting away from it , if you’re irish .	如果你是爱尔兰的话 , 就不会离开它了 。
soft skin , red lips , so kissable .	柔软的皮肤 , 红唇 , 所以吻合 。
note that metadata is stored in the storage cluster .	注意 , 元数据存储在存储集群中 。
he is perfect as the sensitive but strong reporter .	他完美作为敏感但强烈的记者 。
all it sees are elements that all look and behave the same .	所有它都看到的是元素 , 所有的看法都是相同的 。
a file system must be unmounted to be reformatted .	必须修改文件系统 , 必须无法修改文件系统 。
lady: you mean , you were posessed ? father ?	女士:你意味着 , 你是否拥有吗 ? 父亲 ?
have a meatless monday recipe you think we should try ?	周一你觉得我们应该尝试吗 ?
supports j1939 through software switch setting .	通过软件开关设置支持j1939的支持 。
my students have been working with the star festival .	我的学生们一直在与明星节工作 。
the winner is the first to draw three people in one space .	胜利者是第一次在一个空间里画三人 。
" three ! " zhang bin simply answer .	" 三 ! " 张斌简单回答 。
look no further than the amazing muscle maker !	看不到 , 让人惊讶的肌肉制造商 !
eyebrows glued up into tiny peaks .	眼睛褐色变成小的峰值 。
abandoned away by her lover , she pined away .	离开她的爱人 , 她把她的爱人抛弃了 。
listing 2 is an example php function .	清单2是一个例子php函数 。
the lucky ones do not always have the best .	幸运的是 , 不总是有最好的 。
administrative districts: 10 parishes .	行政区:10个公园 。
the news sent a shudder through the audience .	新闻通过观众发出了一名欺骗者 。
the batteries then drive motors in the wheels .	然后 , 电池驱动汽车在轮子里 。
please return the completed form to your school .	请将完整的表单返回到学校 。
a picture worths one thousand words .	一张照片价值一千个字 。
i feel this is entirely the wrong answer .	我觉得这是错误的答案 。
inside the firewall , there is no anonymity .	在火墙内 , 没有匿名性 。
the snow , frost , and hail return .	雪 , 冰雪 , 冻结 , 海上回来 。
the tyres were old and had been smooth .	这种轮胎是老人 , 已经平滑了 。
your partner may be somewhat irritable this week .	你的合作伙伴本周可能是一些可怕的 。
i have been acting contrary to all my sense of right ;	我一直对我所有的权利感到相反 ;
remove chain drive wheel from crankshaft .	把链驱动车轮从克兰克斯沙ft去除 。
he is almost a herolike character on the campus .	他在校园里几乎是个英雄的角色 。
but fate did not give them the opportunity to continue .	但是 , 命运并没有给他们带来机会继续 。
i am going to redraw it horizontally .	我一定要把它放在地上 。
shoes are too close together on conveyor .	鞋子在传输商上太近了 。
taxidriver : ok . is that your luggage ?	税克里弗:好吧 , 那是你的幸运吗 ?
increment real constant table number by rinc .	通过rinc增加真正的常量表数字 。
he was sent by his father to go to college .	他被父亲送往大学 。
" we need more of this kind of thing , " one shouts .	" 我们需要更多的东西 , " 一声喊道 。
the soviet knight is dying inside his armor .	苏联人骑士在他的armar中死亡 。
water went down his throat and he started to choke .	水从喉咙里走下来 , 他开始选择 。
she has looks like flowers and spirit like jade .	她看起来像花朵和精神像犹太人一样 。
what kind of land do they live in ? is it good or bad ?	他们住在哪种地方呢 ? 是好的还是坏的 ?
we prepared a picnic and drove down by the river .	我们准备了一条金枪 , 用河驱车 。
hurt , injure , or otherwise maim the bastard .	伤害 , 伤害 , 或者伤害 , 否则最大伤害 。
no , i think you can go . i don't even get flan ?	不 , 我觉得你能去 , 我甚至不能得到旗帜呢 ?
from the day’s chores , pause a minute	从那天的日子里 , 把一分钟一分钟的颜色放在了 。
what christ said to his mother made her want to cry .	基督对他的母亲说 , 她想哭泣 。
ireland reports the lowest temperature in 50 years .	爱尔兰报道 , 50年内最低温度 。
if you think of ideas as these more abstract things .	如果你认为这些想法更抽象的东西 。
ater a semester , i yearn to see may parents .	一个学期 , 我一年看见父母 。
if you don't , she's not likely to call you back .	如果你不会 , 她不太可能叫你回来 。
methods raw material dissolved in methanol ;	方法以甲醇原料溶解为原料 ;
e is for her eyes , with love—light shining .	对于她的眼睛 , 爱情 , 轻轻轻地闪烁着 。
but credit is the lifeblood of the car business .	但是信用是汽车业务的生命血液 。
there is a sequence imposed on you by the author .	作者对你来说有一个序列 。
do you have the experience to go out in your pajama ?	你有经历在你的帕贾玛里出去吗 ?
its legs are short and strong with hard hairs .	它的腿很短 , 硬发很强 。
my brother and his wife are a happy couple .	我的兄弟和他的妻子是一对幸福的夫妻 。
but there is much uncertainty about what it will involve .	但是 , 关于它将涉及的事情有很多不确定性 。
and so we get mired in decisionmaking quicksand .	所以我们在决策中得到了错误 。
i'm going straight home after the play . what about you ?	我在玩完完后直接回家 , 怎么办 ?
his actions were not in consonance with his words .	他的行为并非与他的话语组成一致 。
this is my father . he's tall and strong .	这是我的父亲 , 他很高 , 很强 。
but they were too terrified to fall asleep .	但是他们太恐怖了 , 睡眠太多了 。
and what he does is writes this equation here .	他在这里写了这个方程 。
he was a pagan ... who worshiped idols .	他是个巴根人 , 崇拜的偶像 。
in that numbers game it converged to 1 .	在那个数字游戏中 , 它将它转换为1 。
please change to a single room with a bath .	请改变单房间的房间 , 洗澡 。
but the thing about change is it’s disruptive .	但是 , 改变的事情是令人沮丧的 。
the executioner had never seen anything like this !	执行官从来没有看到任何东西 , 就像这样 !
overjoyed , she dashed out of the house .	过度喜欢 , 她从房子里跳出来 。
bitterness imprisons life ; love releases it .	苦涩的冲浪生命 ; 爱释放它 。
it turned our homes into funeral tents .	它把我们的房子变成葬礼帐篷 。
or maybe curiosity is a better word .	或许是急救是一个更好的词 。
so this is where the mixing of the solute comes in .	所以 , 这就是溶液混合物的地方 。
can you give me a lift to the next town ? ;	你能给我一个提升到下一个城镇吗 ?
enter a few new lines after the input box .	输入箱后输入几条新线 。
a:what did uncle green come here for ?	一个:不清绿色来这里吗 ?
request that all communication be in writing .	请求所有通信都在写作中 。
miniskirts were in fashion last summer .	去年夏天 , 米迪斯基尔斯正在时尚 。
it can even cause disharmony in a family .	它甚至可以在家里引起disharmony 。
a site has been chosen for the new school .	一个网站被选为新学校 。
he replaced his brother as goalkeeper .	他把他的兄弟取代为进球员 。
this tea tasted of orange blossoms .	这茶味着橙色的花朵 。
karen zhou is perhaps an exception .	卡伦周也许是个例外 。
conductor: silverplated copper wire ;	导电器:银镀铜线 ;
i haven't recovered from jet lag yet .	然而 , 我还没有从喷射灯中恢复出来 。
a torch symbolizes the brightness .	火炬象征着亮度 。
the moon shines fully into west tower .	月亮完全变成西塔 。
he raised those goats from newborn kids .	他从新生儿童中提起了这些山羊 。
but first , someone had to get them into their transport tanks .	但是首先 , 有人必须把他们带到他们的交通坦克里 。
display them in their rooms when they’re done .	当他们做的时候 , 显示他们在他们的房间里 。
then light the thing on fire and burn it .	然后照亮火焰的东西 , 燃烧它 。
other chapters are available in our elibrary .	其他章节在我们的brary中可用 。
keep in mind that is bad is not abandoned .	记住 , 是坏的 , 是不被抛弃的 。
still , no matter what , the debt will be huge .	然而 , 不管怎样 , 债务将是巨大的 。
i remember back then , i met you on my way home .	我记得回忆起来 , 我在家里遇见你 。
we stopped the clock at $3200 per head .	我们每头都停止了3200美元的钟 。
if you had clock problems , you will need to fix those .	如果你有点钟的问题 , 您将需要修改这些 。
juicers equipment , users need to contact me .	司法设备 , 用户需要联系我 。
the policy doesnot base on the will of the people .	政策不会根据人民的意愿而基础 。
he was dozing in the hammock when i called .	当我称为时 , 他在汉姆姆斯的时候 , 他正在打电话的时候 。
please attach a passportsized photo .	请附上一张传照片 。
elephant , your ears are like cymbals .	大象 , 你的耳朵像圆柱 。
rooster: hey , are you free friday ?	罗斯特:嗨 , 你是周五自由的 ?
figure 3 . roundrobin's at the top !	图3.roundrobin的顶部 !
i overdid it at work and damaged my heart .	我在工作中忽视它 , 伤害了我的心 。
i felt some breeze in that one . smile .	我觉得那个微笑里有些风 。
greenfly can literally suck a plant dry .	绿飞可以把植物清洗干燥 。
attacking midfielder , 18 , river plate	攻击中场 , 18年 , 河板 。
by the way , i don't want a night flight .	这样 , 我不想一夜飞行 。
he missed the bus , because he got up late .	他错过公共汽车 , 因为他迟到了 。
the huntsman entered the forest , gun in hand .	猎人进入森林 , 枪手里 。
our readers don’t like you . i don’t like you .	我们的读者不喜欢你 , 我不喜欢你 。
a knowledgable man knows he has limited knowledge .	一个知识的人知道他有限的知识 。
well , we could consider not putting in item 0 .	嗯 , 我们可以考虑不在0项中放置 。
why are all the best parties found on islands ?	为什么所有在岛屿上找到的最佳派对都是为什么 ?
have the straight and uppercut , many changes .	有直接和上升 , 许多变化 。
the landlord put a new stove in my room .	土地人在我房间里放了一个新的停车 。
the company is a world leader in electrical goods .	公司是一家在电子商品中领导者 。
more than a twirling wobble is implied .	超过一只双圈的木头 , 被禁止 。
the theory of fermi operator is developed .	研制了铁路操作器的理论 。
a deepening happens , as you teach .	一个深刻的事情 , 正如你教的那样 。
we don't know him ! " exclaimed meg .	我们不知道他 ! " 梅格说 。
next , you need to give it some data to parse .	接下来 , 您需要给出一些数据来解析 。
hiti te9 hammer drill for each bay .	hitite9锤为每个湾都钻井 。
he looked so dispirited i took pity on him .	他看起来那么令人惊讶的是我在他身上拿了一点钱 。
that was my first love , and i suspect hers , too .	这是我第一次爱 , 我怀疑她 , 也怀疑她 。
do you require trading in nonhk stocks ?	你需要在非hk股票中交易吗 ?
vatel has been in my family for over 20 years now .	瓦特尔现在在我家里已经过20年了 。
an old dog will learn no new tricks .	一只老狗不会学到新的小狗 。
minutes of board committee meetings	几分钟的董事会委员会会会会会会会会议 。
people found hoarding during the famine were punished .	人们在家庭中找到了保护 。
fish begins to stink at the head .	鱼开始在头部停止 。
the connection member has a tapered hole .	连接成员有一个高层孔 。
distinguish between an lvalue and rvalue .	值与r值之间差异 。
shine , and you cannot have any dissents .	嗨 , 你不能有任何不满的事情 。
okay . i have five minutes left .	好吧 。 我有五分钟左左 。
it's a time thing for the elephants .	这是一段时间的事情 , 是大象的事情 。
tensiometers can be made small enough .	紧张度计可以做到足够小的 。
how far away is dalian from lvshun ?	远离大连是多远的 ?
where are the lightning arresters installed ?	灯光逮捕者安装在哪里 ?
you have the same warm , sincere heart .	你有同样的温暖 , 诚挚的心 。
yet china quickly upended this consensus .	然而 , 中国迅速上升了这个共识 。
who will win the battle for the backbones ?	谁将赢得对背骨的战斗呢 ?
it urges you , instead , to live .	相反 , 让你感到愤怒 , 相反 , 为了生活 。
i remember coming here once years ago .	几年前我记得来到这里 。
health administers to peace of mind .	健康管理人员对和平的心理和平 。
marty tried to keep his head during the fire .	玛丽试图在火中保持他的头部 。
see ? picky eaters like food , too .	看吗 ? 像食物一样吃东西 , 还有吃 。
his eyes gleamed with relief and joy .	他的眼睛看起来有救济和快乐 。
" now we have to be sustainable , " he said .	" 现在我们必须是可持续的 , " 他说 。
there are lots of places to get startup capital .	有很多地方来获得创业资本 。
they are independent yet they are complementary .	他们是独立的 , 还是他们是补充的 。
the soldiers bedded down in a barn .	士兵们在一条酒吧里躺下来 。
the environment not bad , quite clean .	环境不坏 , 很清洁 。
michelle: i didn’t know you were going .	迈克尔:我不知道你会去 。
he lowered his voice to a whisper .	他把他的声音降低到一位威斯勒的声音 。
japan gas appliances inspection assn .	日本气体申请检测assn 。
oh , he's a white sox fan ?	哦 , 他是个白色的袜子球迷吗 ?
a love triangle of the most grotesque kind .	一个爱三角的三角形 。
always take your finesses , ' she said .	她说: " 总是带着你的财务 , 总是带着你的财务 。 "
no , thanks . i'm quite full .	不 , 谢谢 。 我很完全 。
a partial interest of any nature is insurable .	任何自然的部分利益是不可保证的 。
i hope he can see the movie next time .	我希望他能在下次看到电影 。
soup henqing , almost no oil .	汤亨庆 , 几乎没有油 。
both these books and those clothes are mine .	这些书和这些衣服都是我的 。
sit cross legged on the floor .	坐在地板上 。
but it is also an existential struggle .	但是它也是一个存在的斗争 。
the ship struck the rocks head on .	这艘船在船头上挣扎了石头 。
he was driven by necessity to steal .	他是必要的驱动者来偷偷偷的 。
in our class there are fiftyone students .	在我们班里有五十个学生 。
i ' ll buy that for a dollar !	我要买那美元 !
you delight to fish in troubled waters .	你很高兴在麻烦的水中捕鱼 。
i will take my leave , like a butterfly .	我会把我的叶子拿到 , 像一只蝴蝶一样 。
i want a 3piece mafiastyle suit .	我想要一个3picemaastyle适合 。
pasquale giunta: sure there are .	帕奎尔·吉尼塔:肯定有 。
the designated holotype species has not been found .	研究结果表明 , 设计的蜂类型并没有发现 。
but nobody saw her copying the name .	但是没有人看到她的名字的名字 。
oxen have made great contributions to the world .	牛津已经给世界带来了很大的贡献 。
put the long ruler in the pencil box .	把长期的监管放在铅笔箱里 。
others say only if they cheat , or abuse you .	另外一些人说 , 如果他们欺骗 , 或者滥用你 。
how do you cope when your brain locks up ?	当你的大脑锁起时 , 你怎么会怎么能预防 ?
i would fly to the moon if i had wings .	我会飞到月球 , 如果我有翅膀 , 我就会飞到月球 。
honey , where is my benz actually ?	好的 , 我的本尼斯实际上是哪里 ?
this tree . times when it was , were young .	这棵树 , 年轻的时候 , 是年轻的 。
and , after all , we are harvard so we know .	毕竟 , 我们是哈佛大学 , 所以我们知道 。
the umpire lost his cap and his cool .	他的帽子和他的冷却 。
one 1970 stop still gives him chills .	一个1970年代仍然停止给他带来的疾病 。
then he punches tweener in the chest .	然后他在胸部里打了tweener 。
defarge was pleased at their arrival .	国防部很高兴在他们的争论中 。
i wanted greenberg to be my pollster .	我希望格林伯格成为我的报纸 。
he also wrote preface for the monograph .	他还写了前面 。
violet said that she would reach the border .	维拉特说她将达到边界 。
the man abstracted a pen from my pocket .	男人从我的口袋里抽出一笔笔笔 。
she will run over her lines in the evening .	她会在晚上跑过她的线路 。
he plays the violin better than mary .	他比玛丽踢得更好 。
he splashed in the heavy rain .	他在重雨中喷出来 。
" why ? " tom snorted .	" 为什么呢 ? " 汤姆斯·斯·斯·斯·斯·斯恩斯说 。
does she always dress that badly ?	她总是穿那件坏衣服呢 ?
we'll have to start when sophia gets back .	当苏菲亚回来时 , 我们必须开始开始 。
i watched the cow when she said moo !	当她说妈妈时 , 我看着牛仔 !
dennis , what're you talking about ?	丹尼斯 , 你在谈论什么 ?
the steak is as tough as leather . ;	蒸汽就像皮革一样艰难 ;
sue: do you have don's number ?	苏:你有没有数字吗 ?
how long does it take to make an evening dress ?	晚上有多长时间来做晚衣呢 ?
cataracts can affect your vision .	猫能影响你的视觉 。
washing machine motor vbelts ;	洗衣机电动机v带 ;
the young tree has struck root .	这棵年轻的树木有块根 。
she licked the honey off the spoon .	她把蜜蜂拿出来 。
let's learn english songs .	让我们学英语歌曲 。
because it has to drop off precipitously .	因为它必须降低精确的降低 。
b:yes , it's getting dark .	是的 , 这是黑暗的 。
we owe our existence to these variations .	我们允许我们的存在 , 这些变化 。
so you take two documents and diff them .	所以你拿了两个文档 , 把它们扩散 。
what makes a good system verification tester ?	一个好的系统验证测试人员是什么 ?
a: what would say was the lowest point in your point ?	答:你说的最低点是什么 ?
we learn not in school , but in life .	我们学不在学校 , 但在生活中 。
li lei beat jim and won the first place .	李莉打了吉姆 , 赢得第一位 。
que: did you have sex every time she came ?	问:你每次都有性感吗 ?
one feels so alone when it is cold .	一个人感觉如此冷 。
he is the only son in a family of three .	他是三个家庭唯一的儿子 。
thank you for calling japan airlines .	谢谢你们呼吁日本航空公司 。
may the lord save us from all heresies .	愿耶和华救我们从所有遗产中拯救我们 。
piani would tell them they had shot me .	钢琴将告诉他们 , 他们打了我 。
where is monsieur le maire going ?	蒙西·李梅尔去哪里 ?
you win some , you lose some . that is life .	你赢得了一些 , 你失去了一些 。 这就是生活 。
then we could insist on that target ;	然后我们可以坚持这种目标 ;
that year , that day , we are stranger .	那一年 , 那天 , 我们是陌生人 。
his body was found in the floor hole .	他的身体在地板孔中发现 。
knive are used to cut things .	knive被用来切割东西 。
how can jiancaigong without rain !	如何不雨啊 !
peace is always relational .	和平总是相互关系 。
what do jack russells do ?	jackrussells做什么 ?
do not lure her away from her duty .	不要从她的职责中走出她的职责 。
did the wisteria blossom this year ?	今年 , 威斯特尼亚的花朵是否有 ?
i wonder what this night will bring .	我想知道这个晚上会带来什么样的 。
you forgive me for being so pathetic .	你迫使我那么痛苦 。
we walked far into the woods .	我们走进树林里 。
a:forgive me for interrupting you .	阿:为了解决你们 , 为了让我努力 。
jeff loves to play with jayden .	jeff喜欢与杰登玩耍 。
i don't want to be told grow up .	我不想被告诉成长 。
it is not that you are just vegetating .	不过你只是蔬菜 。
before you get another oil change , stop !	在你获得另一个油改变之前 , 停止停止 !
the intruders shot up the town .	印第安人在城里射击 。
there are not apples on the appletree .	苹果树上没有苹果苹果 。
all things change , and we change with them .	所有的事情都改变了 , 我们和他们改变了 。
so they drove boner out of the door .	所以他们从门外开车 。
i think their last win was just a fluke .	我认为他们的最后一场比赛只是一场流感 。
besides , he is only a baby .	此外 , 他只是个婴儿 。
lily some money me the other week .	另一个星期里 , 莉莉有些钱给我钱 。
it was paisley's first visit .	这是巴西利第一次访问 。
they're rewarded for their waiting .	他们在等待他们的等待上奖励 。
i'm trying to sleep .	我试着睡觉 。
both can be treated with braces .	两者都可以用手镯治疗 。
and its government is enraged .	而它的政府被抓住了 。
there is a purple from below .	下面有一个紫色的紫色 。
can i get a mike in on patrick ?	我能在帕里克上买一辆汽车吗 ?
i heard somebody skirling .	我听说有人滑雪了 。
he is the sower of the good seed .	他是好种子的草原 。
we have to change trains at didcot .	我们必须改变多科特的火车 。
beat me half to death with it .	打我半人去死了 。
he ate too many hamburgers .	他吃太多的汉堡 。
she was popeyed with amazement .	她很喜欢吃惊 。
and then art on the weekends .	然后在周末的艺术 。
how big is a wolf's track ?	小狼的轨道是多大的 ?
large artery distensibility ;	大动脉的可溶性 ;
this completes the installation .	这完成了安装 。
he just dabbles in politics .	他只是在政治上大胆 。
the bill was sent to her room .	账单被送到她的房间里 。
is your car manual or automatic ?	你的汽车手册或自动化 ?
it helps you not be inside so much .	它有助于你不在那么多的内部 。
that's what i think finance is about .	这就是我认为金融是什么 。
throw it at him ! i dare you !	把它扔在他身上 , 我敢你 !
what is unique about the program ?	这个项目是什么独特的 ?
why could i never please them ?	为什么我永远不能请他们吗 ?
welcome to the new dad guide !	欢迎来到新爸爸的指南 !
losers hangout with losers .	失败者汉戈没有失败者 。
a feeling of shame came over her .	一个感觉到羞辱的感觉在她身上 。
fasten seatbelt at all times .	所有时候 , 密封的座椅带 。
examine if this is a pattern .	考试如果这是一个模式 。
he really cares about his family .	他真的关心他的家人 。
this brings me to my question .	这给我带来了我的问题 。
please drive a bit faster!	请快速驱动一点快 !
tingting seems nervous .	丁看起来很紧张 。
it is for bird watchers .	这是鸟看家 。
she banged up the receiver .	她把接收者挂起来 。
i like your new hair style .	我喜欢你的新发风格 。
her hands smelt of fish .	她的手味着鱼 。
but there's reason for hope .	但是 , 希望有理由 。
how did my papers get out of order ?	我的论文如何从秩序中取出来 ?
she had a shock and conked out .	她有一个冲击 , 然后冲出来 。
how can you put a price on life ?	你怎么能把价格放在生命上 ?
hope you understand what , hehe .	希望你知道什么 , 他是怎样的 。
i slept like a fat cat .	我睡得像脂肪猫一样 。
oh , so you feel the same way !	哦 , 所以你觉得同样的方法 !
rf output power over 4w ;	rf输出功率超过4w ;
many different leadership styles work .	许多不同领导风格的工作 。
you have many ways to kill your time .	你有许多方法杀死你的时间 。
here are so many oil jars .	这里有那么多的油罐 。
one rope here , one rope there .	一个绳索在这里 , 一个绳索 。
let's tie the knot !	让我们把刀捆住 !
this service defines three operations	这个服务定义了三个操作 。
he spends gold like soil .	他花了金像土壤一样 。
let's take these in turn .	让我们把这些转变成 。
power elevation mill head .	电力大提升机头 。
that gives me the creeps .	这给我带来了这只蠕虫 。
ianto: that's just me .	伊托:这只是我 。
we are the host of andaz .	我们是安德萨兹的主人 。
it was from the sugar i think .	这是从糖中我想的 。
but why the redemption ?	但是 , 为什么改革为什么 ?
he is only a child of three .	他只是三个孩子 。
i think beyonce is hot !	我觉得超越太热了 !
and put bomb craters in there .	把炸弹炸弹放在那里 。
the civets play two roles .	电视剧演出了两个角色 。
i've taken some small classes .	我已经拿了一些小班了 。
join a startup and get stock .	加入启动并获得股票 。
slide out onto a large plate .	滑到一个大板上 。
well , i love madrid !	嗯 , 我喜欢马德里 !
it does have intentions .	它有注意力 。
do you have nosebleed ?	你有鼻子吗 ?
faugh dead u over !	肥胖死了 !
what is the name of that process ?	这个过程的名字是什么 ?
one of my asq friend...	我的一个朋友...
of course i will come back .	当然我会回来 。
the other seven are tiny .	另外七个是小的 。
are you a selfstarter ?	你是个自学者吗 ?
create a . toc file .	创建一个.tc文件 。
but it still does me good service .	但是它仍然是我很好的服务 。
yeah . that's right .	是的 , 这是对的 。
so , what do i do with this ?	那么 , 我怎么做呢 ?
when did you start to act ?	当你开始行动时 , 你开始行动吗 ?
would you like shampoo ?	你喜欢山坡吗 ?
my greatgrandmother .	我的祖母 。
that’s my girl .	这是我的女孩 。
we all are from shandong .	我们都来自山东 。
are you a working poor ?	你是个工作穷人吗 ?
i learn chinese every day .	我每天都学习汉语 。
but the gang goes on .	然而 , 这个赌博就走了 。
he liked to do the same .	他喜欢做同样的事 。
what's montague ?	什么是蒙特兰德 ?
time never comes back .	时间永远不会回来 。
as in organ donor .	正如在有机捐赠者 。
are you a salesman ?	你是个销售员吗 ?
we just don't know .	我们只是不知道 。
that can be done .	这可能是做的 。
i love my job !	我喜欢我的工作 !
trust is low .	信任低 。
these are foundational .	这些是基础的 。
i could feel it !	我能感觉到它 !
d a digit	d一个数字代码 。
electronic truck scale construction process is simple and fast .	电子卡车规模建设过程简单 , 快速 。
almighty father rushed to rescue these lost lambs you ...	轻的父亲匆匆匆匆匆匆匆忙救援这些失去的羔羊 。
the customer and developer negotiate a fixed price for the project .	客户和开发商谈判项目的固定价格 。
photo club took a photo shooting trip to mendocino ... more .	照片俱乐部拍摄了一张照片 , 拍摄到墨西哥...
so the choice we make in our mid20s has to be a pretty smart one .	所以我们在20年代中期做出的选择 , 我们必须成为一个非常聪明的聪明 。
but if i want a unit vector , then i should scale this down to length one .	但是如果我想要一个单元矢量 , 那么我应该把这段时间缩小到一个长度 。
weibian has vast iron inkstone wear , kousong notes that year hand .	威比亚有巨大的铁墨石 , 金龙注意到那年的手 。
they will continue mr . kabe as acting principal of the school .	他们将继续作为学校的行动原则的kabe先生 。
let this represent the total energy of the incident electron .	让这代表了事故电子的总能量 。
in recent years , aquaporins in the brain become a research hotspot .	近年来 , 在大脑中 , 水黄素成为研究热点 。
in the biological sense it's selfdecoding , storing and scanning .	在生物学意义上 , 它是自编码、存储和扫描 。
being unwanted , or failing to fulfil the expectations of parents	毫无疑问 , 或者不能完成父母的期望 。
fight the rapids as you kayak and raft down the vast mekong river .	战斗快速 , 当你kayak时 , 飞下了巨大的孟长河 。
disk systems will repair themselves or can be left unrepaired for years .	磁盘系统将修复自己 , 或者可以留下几年不修复 。
i practiced facial expressions , and i snarled like a wolf .	我实践了面部表达 , 我看起来像一只狼一样 。
this happens five or six times . the monkey is very angry .	这发生了五次或六次 , 猴子很愤怒 。
so we think the dwarf mutant " ddf1 " was ga insensitive .	因此我们认为 , 黑暗突变剂 " ddf1 " 是气体敏感 。
and as it is in the floral tribe , so it is in god's kingdom .	正如上帝的王国一样 , 就像是在佛罗里部落里 , 所以它是在神的国王 。
there are many legends concerning the origins of lantern festival .	有许多传说关于兰特节的起源 。
and in the case of women , that often included sexual assault .	在妇女的情况下 , 这种情况常常包括性假设 。
leep is an effective way to prevent the generation of cervical carcinoma .	睡眠是防止宫颈癌发生的有效方法 。
close the gate of the pen properly to prevent the sheep from getting away .	关闭笔门的门口 , 以防止羊毛从离开 。
and the multitudes hearing it , were in admiration at his doctrine .	多态度听到它 , 在他的医生中 , 被感谢 。
paramedic: i see you've caught yourself a maroon shark .	参数学:我看到你自己已经抓到了一只马龙鲨鱼 。
all right , mammy . i'll teach her to ride sidesaddle .	好的 , 妈妈 。 我会教她去骑边缘 。
it provides the opportunity to test unrelated applications running together .	为测试不相关的应用提供了机会 。
taihao had another name , fuxi , one of an ancient three emperors .	台海有另一个名字 , 福西 , 一个古代三皇帝之一 。
twists can help detoxify the internal organs and lymphatic system .	twists可以帮助减少内部器官和淋巴系统 。
male mallard ducks are famous for their long , spiraling genitalia .	男性马拉德鸭是他们长期以来著名的 , 螺旋性生殖炎 。
even though that solves the immediate problem , the problem can still occur .	尽管如此 , 即使解决直接问题 , 问题仍然会发生 。
see then that ye walk circumspectly , not as fools , but as wise .	然后看到那个是的 , 不像愚蠢 , 却像智慧一样 。
rubber mount ; finite element modeling ; static elastic characteristic ;	橡胶山 ; 有限元模型 ; 静弹性特性 ;
create china world cup bid shanghai langao road stadium construction ;	创造中国世界杯上海上海拉加路球场建设 ;
however , in hsr territory , the issue is even more important .	然而 , 在hsr领域中 , 问题更重要 。
it's up to you whether you go or not . but i only have time on weekend .	你是否走不了 , 但周末我只有时间在周末 。
personally , i think his biggest drawback is that like as one or more dualuse .	个人上 , 我认为他最大的画面是像一个或更多的双重用户一样 。
she gets pretty drunk and stumbles home in the wrong direction .	她在错误的方向中得到了很好的醉酒 , 然后让她感到很不安 。
the num received payments from the trade unions of afghanistan .	这个数字从阿富汗贸易联盟收到了薪酬 。
being aware that we only have one life to live also reinforces that conviction .	意识到我们只有一个生命的生活 , 也只能加强这种信服 。
this joy is unthinkable divided cheap wow gold from the peasants .	这个乐趣是不可思议的 , 来自农民的廉价黄金 。
anyone who does not deny himself on that day must be cut off from his people .	任何人都不否认自己在那天 , 必须从他的人民中砍掉 。
fancy hotels are beginning to accommodate both man and pets .	丰富的酒店开始适应男人和宠物的饮料 。
tracing the significance of wanxian incident and roar , china !	追踪wanxian事故和roar的意义 , 中国 !
cath: hello , i'm cath , cath jones . what's your name ?	凯瑟:你好 , 我是凯瑟 , 凯瑟·琼斯 。 你的名字是什么 ?
mami is thinner friends are quite good , all my best wishes to all .	妈妈是瘦的朋友 , 很好 , 我最好的祝福都很好 。
behind this jolt was one of the world's most concentrated property bubbles .	这个琼斯后面是世界上最集中的财产泡沫之一 。
brownie , birdy and cowcow drank the honey cheerfully .	布朗妮 , 女孩和同事喝了蜜蜂 。
okay that's a straightforward either or . isn't it ?	好的 , 这是一个直线的 , 还是 , 还是 , 不能吗 ?
consumable market prosperity is stable , supply of goods is enough .	消费市场繁荣稳定 , 货物供应足够 。
and everybody was very against them , the bookstore , because , you know ,	每个人都对他们来说都非常反对 , 书店 , 因为你知道了 。
bonds payable are the typical example of longterm liabilities .	债券支付是长期债券的典型例子 。
you are probably aware that in a database , data is stored in tables .	您可能意识到在数据库中 , 数据存储在表中 。
you could also try using some for the advanced commands in google .	你也可以尝试使用谷歌的先进命令 。
they have also stirred emotions in the greek american community .	他们也在希腊的美国社区里有着严峻的情感 。
countylevel cities have both urban and rural dual characteristics .	县级城市都有城乡双重特征 。
he will be sorely missed . he was a great president , " he said . "	他总统说: " 他会太错了 。 他是个伟大的总统 。 "
a slight , metallic sound , as of coins rattling in a pocket .	稍微的 , 金属声音 , 就像硬币一张口袋里一样 。
i'm finishing , there's no point in making a song and dance about it .	我正在完成 , 没有点在做歌曲 , 舞蹈它 。
stop messing about , boys ! i'm trying to do some reading .	停止消息 , 男孩 ! 我试图做一些阅读 。
trace hooks can be applied at the entry or exit of any function .	跟踪钩可用于任何功能的进口或出口 。
i came on business before , but this time i'm here to sightsee .	我以前在业务上出现了 , 但这次我在这里看着 。
" summer hours " are a longestablished institution in the us .	" 夏季小时 " 是美国最长期建立的机构 。
it seems most chinese people use a modified emule that abuse servers .	似乎大多数中国人使用了一个修改的emule , 这个buse服务器 。
gloucester board of real estate or financial plans bureau .	房地产或金融计划局的格鲁斯特董事会 。
her testimony helped put several of the perpetrators behind bars .	她的测试机构帮助把几位外包商放在酒吧后面 。
we must try our best to reduce the damage to a minumum .	我们必须尝试我们最好的努力减少损坏到一个小时 。
an impressive 75 percent of germans eat breakfast daily .	75%的德国每天吃早餐 。
google gobbles internet explorer’s market share with chrome	googlegooble网络探索商的市场份额与chrome共享 。
it was the first year my dad bought season tickets to the clips .	第一年我爸买了赛季票 , 到了剪辑 。
he also blessed us that we would be able to remember our previous lives .	他还祝福我们 , 我们能够记住我们以前的生活 。
hand rails and banisters shall be constructed for stainless steel pipe .	无锈钢管、无锈钢管、无锈钢管的手工铁路和禁车人应该建造 。
tian'anmen square is the bigest square in the world .	天安平方是世界上最大的平方 。
objective to prepare purified tick borne encephalitis vaccine .	目的制备纯化股骨性脑炎疫苗 。
stresses applied to plastically deform the metal are usually compressive .	应力适用于塑性变形金属的应力通常是压缩的 。
the northeast is one of the biggest grainproducing areas in china .	东北是我国最大的粮产区之一 。
eric blair wrote under the pseudonym of george orwell .	埃里·布莱尔在乔治·奥威尔的伪造下写道 。
the whole community turned out to wipe out the four pests .	整个社区变成了四个虫子 。
to facilitate this task , birt provides the data explorer view .	为了促进这个任务 , birt提供了数据探索器视图 。
gina:hello , dr . kellers clinic . what can i do for you ?	吉娜:嗨 , 凯尔博士临床 , 我能为你做什么 ?
sergio: yeah , it sure is but they have the best drinks .	塞尔吉奥:是的 , 是的 , 但是他们有最好的饮料 。
it was amazing that the boy was able to solve the problem so quickly .	令人惊讶的是 , 男孩能够很快解决这个问题 。
let's suppose you have a subteam working in a private branch .	假设你在私人分支中有一个子团队工作 。
she also writes for the times and the magazine psychologies .	她还写了时代和杂志心理学 。
these real problems already bridge the dichotomies in the science .	这些真正的问题已经在科学中建立了二极管 。
art is communicating and perhaps people can get something from this respect .	艺术是交流的 , 也许人们可以从这个尊重中获得一些东西 。
i mean , you're already talking about how that's not applicable .	我的意思是 , 你已经谈论这并不适用 。
" is the tao in a handheld calculator ? " asked the novice .	" 是一名手持计算机的台吗 ? " 小说问道 。
these new ideas are penetrating into the minds of the younger generation .	这些新的思想正在渗透到年轻一代的思想 。
there’s another detail i love in this shot—the cropped foot .	另外一个细节我喜欢在这场射击中 , 我喜欢的是作物脚 。
it brings longer droughts between more intense periods of rain .	它带来更长的干旱 , 越来越强烈的雨时期 。
each player who searches his or her library shuffles it afterwards .	每个球员都搜索他的或她的图书馆的每个球员都在后面 。
creation is then rooted in the mutual love of the persons of the triune god .	然后 , 创造就在三月神的相互爱上帝的人中根据了 。
but if you are going to make them permanent ? where are you gonna cut spending ?	但是如果你愿意让他们永久的话 , 你会在哪里削减开支 ?
good programmers strive for code clarity in addition to code performance .	很好的程序员为代码清晰度提供了努力 。
i do remember my brother learning to ride a bike though .	我记得我哥哥学习骑自行车 。
the summer season is upon us and with it comes bathing suit season .	夏季的季节在我们身上 , 随着它来到了洗衣季节 。
please play with it before everyday use , in case miss important calls !	请在每天都使用之前玩它 , 因此错过重大调用 !
they're used to large nontoxic animals , like wolves and bears .	他们习惯于大型非毒性动物 , 像狼和熊一样 。
this was probably the first time the britons came into contact with other peoples .	这可能是第一次英国人和其他人一起接触的时候 。
there's nothing stuckup about the great english wild flower .	大英国野花没有什么东西 。
study on divisible abelean group of difference familypairs ;	研究了不同家庭对比组的差异性 ;
any parcel over the dimension limit should be repacked into smaller ones .	任何尺寸限制的公园都应该被修复成更小的一个公园 。
a thin , whitehaired man was sitting on a wooden seat .	一个瘦的 , 白头发的男人坐在木头座上 。
but he still admires christians because of the way they face death .	但是他仍然承认基督徒 , 因为他们面临死亡的途径 , 他仍然承认基督徒 。
here are five steps you can take to help your machines run much faster .	这里有五个步骤 , 你可以帮助你的机器跑得更快 。
the report on thatstrand of hair found in elena ortiz's wound margin .	这份报告的报告在埃利娜·奥蒂兹的伤口边缘找到了这份报告 。
technically , a cms stores all of the content in a database .	技术上 , cms存储在数据库中的所有内容 。
the procedures are similar to thesis flow ratetime method .	这种过程与论文流量比法相似 。
my mother was wrapping some banana fritters for a customer .	我的母亲正在为客户打包一些香蕉霜 。
at the left is a temple dedicated to the roman emperor hadrian .	在左边 , 是一个寺庙 , 向罗马帝帝国帝国展示 。
the connecting of these pipes is done by the message receiver .	这些管道的连接是由消息接收器完成的 。
experiment result: smoke is poisonous to tadpoles .	实验结果:吸烟有毒于坦波 。
then , the low dose effects and roentgenography interval were discussed .	然后 , 讨论了低剂量效应和罗氏根理间隔效应 。
so i advocate socalled 'xiaocheng english' .	所以我倡导所谓的 " 小城英语 " 。
the application conditions and methods of using the tiltmeter are described .	介绍了用钛计的应用条件和方法 。
whether caffeine banishes cellulite is less clear .	无论咖啡因是胡萝卜素是否比较清晰 。
a 9to5 work schedule provides enough time to relax .	9to5工作规划提供足够的时间来放松 。
do you remember he gives ? a couple of examples of this sort ?	你记得他给了吗 ? 有几个例子的例子吗 ?
the sailors couldn't find anything to caulk the seam in the boat .	帆船员不能找到任何东西 , 可以在船里捕捉海啸 。
hundreds of deceased soldiers lay in a state of disarray .	数百名士兵们在一个残疾状态中丧失了 。
you can always go trickortreating during the afternoon or to the mall .	你总是可以在下午或下午的时候去打电话 。
total number under poverty line 2010: 815 , 755	总数在2010年的贫困线2010年:815 , 755
kisangani resident said the plane had broken into three pieces .	康南居民说这架飞机已经破坏了三件 。
with the coming of national day , i have a one week holiday .	随着国际日子的来临 , 我有一个星期的假日 。
the reactionaries are fierce in appearance but feeble in reality .	反应力在出现中更激烈 , 但实际上却是费用的 。
the boy plays up his strong points and minimizes his weaknesses .	这个男孩打起了他的强点 , 减少了他的弱点 。
that's somewhere we haven't dragged morley to yet .	这是我们还没有拖着摩利的地方 。
ottawa is also a mustsee city where i currently live .	奥塔瓦也是我目前生活的一个必要城市 。
we must carry on with the investigation until all the facts are found .	我们必须进行调查 , 直到所有事实都发现 , 直到所有事实都必须进行 。
the significance of perinatal diagnosis was discussed .	探讨外周诊断的意义 。
the passengers turned quite green with sea sickness .	旅客们用海病变得很绿 。
please line the drawers with clean paper after you have emptied them .	请在你雇佣他们之后 , 用清洁纸带清洁纸 。
a noblewoman holding the rank of viscount in her own right .	一名诺贝尔·沃尔曼在自己的权利中举行了签证人 。
doing so will help offset the harmful effects of urban pollution .	因此 , 将有助于解决城市污染的危害效果 。
many specialistic techniques contribute to archaeology .	许多专业技术有助于考古学 。
forest ecoeconomic productivity and the development of forestry produce ;	森林生态生态生态生产力和森林产业的发展 ;
the calculations are performed in parallel on each partition where the data is .	计算结果是在每个分区中执行并行并行的 。
investigators have identified the bomber as han wushun .	调查人员已经确认这只炸弹是汉武器 。
leiomyosarcoma of the small intestine is an uncommon tumor .	小肠道肌肉瘤是一种不常见的肿瘤 。
faultstring is a human readable description of the fault .	故障字符串是故障的可读性描述 。
launch an effort to get together the various departments .	共同开展各种部门的努力 。
very possible that you don't meet any one of these two conditions .	很可能你不会遇到这两个条件之一 。
mom: you just care about this ? haven't you compared other things ?	妈妈:你只是关心这件事吗 ? 你没有比其他东西比较吗 ?
the cristae of the mitochondria are arranged closely .	米托龙德里亚的危机很密切地变成了 。
winter morning , most of the bleak shantang should be it snow !	冬天早上 , 大多数黑色的山东应该是雪 !
i thought it would raise a smile with people at the exhibition .	我觉得这会带着一个微笑的人在展览中提高一个微笑 。
can i get some phenobarbital , something to calm this guy down ?	我能得到一些皮诺比尔的东西 , 让这个男人平静吗 ?
if you keep on collection , in time you'll have a wealth of data .	如果你保持收集 , 在你收集的时候 , 你会有一个财富的数据 。
the “others” were asleep , while they both breathed the same fever .	这些 " 人 " 都睡着 , 两个人都呼吸着同样的热情 。
oh , i love new orleans , but i want to go home and visit tara .	哦 , 我喜欢新奥尔良 , 但我想去家里去看塔拉 。
i will be 96 , so i will be making films very , very slowly .	我将是96岁的 , 所以我会很慢地拍摄电影 , 很慢 。
thanks obama for all the nasa cuts . you big dummy .	谢谢奥巴马为所有的nasa切割而感谢奥巴马 。 你大责任 。
back to what we do should be for all the limitless affectionate and so back to .	回到我们所做的事情 , 应该是所有无限的感情 , 所以回到 。
however , by year end , it has been found : it is a false alarm .	然而 , 去年底 , 发现了:它是一个虚假的警报 。
most who unveil hisagendas deserve the condemnation they receive。	大多数人都要求他们接受的辩护 。
tom: i feel very depressed and don't feel like doing anything .	汤姆:我觉得很沮丧 , 不喜欢做任何事情 。
this is a major step and also can be the most tedious step in tuning .	这是一个主要的步骤 , 也可以是调整最严重的步骤 。
spammers also have become more sophisticated about exploiting trust .	蜘蛛侠也更加对开发信任感到兴奋 。
mission control said sharipov had reported that the crew were feeling fine .	任务控制人士称 , 沙利波夫已经报告说 , 这个船员感到很好 。
players on its own strength , through hard work then realize their dreams .	在自己的力量上 , 通过艰苦的努力 , 然后实现他们的梦想 。
a: absolutely . it gives the team a scoring chance .	答:绝对的是 , 它给团队提供了一个分数机会 。
the bridge ways that you form and that all of you know are made of this vitality .	你所形成的桥梁方法和你所知道的所有人都是由于这种生命性而成的 。
we have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the sweater .	我们两个裙子和裤子都看起来很好 。
because people always sit in the closestools in washrooms .	因为人们总是坐在洗衣室里 , 人们总是坐在衣室里 。
on the two ends are designs of a blue dragon and a white tiger .	两端的设计是蓝龙和白虎的设计 。
mining for malware there's gold in them thar proxy logs !	为了malware有金在它们的thar代理日志里有金 !
lao k: sorry , second young master . can i say a word ?	老k:对不起 , 第二位年轻老师 , 我能说一句话吗 ?
i like norma because she's genuine person and never puts on side .	我喜欢诺马 , 因为她真的是uuine人 , 永远不会放在面上 。
what if last night god destroyed my soul and put in a new soul ?	昨天晚上 , 神摧毁了我的灵魂 , 放在一个新的灵魂中 ?
the development of dark tourism from edge to typical in practice .	黑暗旅游的发展从边缘到典型的实践中 , 是黑暗旅游的发展 。
may we all embrace life with love and faith , happiness and compassion .	愿我们一切用爱和诚信 , 幸福和同情的时代生活 。
thus another form of generosity is sharing the word of god .	因此 , 另一种形式的生殖形式是共享神的话 。
i buried my head under the quilts , but my aunt heard me .	我把我的头埋在那里 , 但我的姨妈听见我 。
mining and oil stocks moved lower , especially in london .	矿石和石油股票在伦敦下降 , 尤其是在伦敦 。
the unique imaging findings have never been reported in literature .	独特的成像发现从未在文学中报道 。
the thirdgraders are having a traffic education lesson .	第三年级的第三学生是交通教育课程 。
hell for some time , full of murderous look will become more angry .	他会有些时间 , 充满谋杀的看法会变得更愤怒 。
you and i are particulars ; your favorite chair is a particular .	你和我特别特别是 , 你最喜欢的椅子是一个特别的 。
it's been a heartbreakingly tragic two months for coal .	这是一场对煤炭的悲剧两个月 。
seconds out . let's go . what do we do ? tell me what to do .	第二次 , 让我们去 。 我们做什么呢 ? 告诉我怎么做 。
extract the contents of the festivalwin32 . zip file .	提取节价win32.zip文件的内容 。
the maid comes with god's blessing , and must be obeyed .	女性来到神的祝福 , 必须遵循上帝的祝福 。
it cannot easily be palpated on physical examination .	物理考试不能很容易地渗透 。
the economic outlook deteriorates significantly ; or	经济的出口显著降低 ; 或是经济的出口也显著 ;
the birds by aristophanes – (download pdf)	阿里斯托山的鸟儿 " [downloadpdf " 。
click and drag from the start to endpoint that you wish to measure .	单击和拖动从开始结束点到最终点 , 您希望测量 。
stir in basil . spoon curry over rice . serve .	西班牙在巴西 。 西班牙在米饭里 , 仆人 。
component gis software is the opposite of application software .	组件gis软件是应用软件对象 。
but i think unless you marry it , inherit it or work really hard for it ,	但我认为 , 除非你结婚 , 除非你还是继承它 , 还是很难工作 。
and we've seen them before from the macroscopic point of view .	我们从宏观角度看到了他们的观点 。
can the world really afford another risk of this magnitude ?	世界能否真的保持这种巨大的风险 ?
results:in rau , there was large amount of inflame cells .	结果:在rau中 , 火焰细胞有大量的火焰细胞 。
computer science: $56 , 400 / $97 , 400	计算机科学:$56 , 400美元 , 97400美元 。
rubin claims the gizmo can even improve your sex life .	rubin声称 , gizmo甚至可以改善你的性生活 。
is it possible fme to see the harbour in person today ?	今天 , 人们今天看到哈尔伯尔是可能的吗 ?
airing is under ventilated place , drying machine is not allowed .	空气在通风的地方 , 干燥机不允许 。
alex: no , i will take my 6yearold daughter with me .	阿历克斯:不 , 我将带我6岁的女儿和我一起 。
at the last lap john held him , and then began to pick up on him .	在最后一夫约翰举行了他 , 然后开始把他拿起来 。
patsy divorced her husband and is now living alone .	帕特西离婚了她的丈夫 , 现在只有独自生活 。
procrastination is spending 30 mins looking for the right pen .	宣传是花30分钟的时间来寻找正确的笔 。
she doesn't end the mask stuck to comus' chair .	她不会结束面具的东西 , 到馆主席 。
did you know 65 percent of women have curly hair ? [1]	你知道 , 65%的女性有毛 ? [1] 。
volume control was provided by a mccormack micro line drive .	由mccormack微线驱动提供的容量控制 。
it feels as if they are whipping my face with wire whips .	它感觉如果他们正在用电线擦脸的话 , 就像她们一样感觉 。
jia sixie is wellknown as a pioneer in farming .	嘉西是农业领导人 , 是一位著名的先锋 。
the short scaling time series have multifractal properties .	短规模时间系列具有多分形性能 。
i ordered the hairy crab , but you gave me the green crab .	我命令了头发 , 但你给我给了绿色的蟹 。
they shot poisoned arrows from behind the thick bushes .	他们从厚的公共汽车后面拍了毒箭 。
story of cultural symbols of china's mentorship .	中国文化符号的故事 。
continue pushing foward and success will eventually meet you .	继续推动前进 , 成功最终会遇到你 。
you can turn any email address into a google account .	您可以将任何电子邮件地址转换成谷歌账户 。
cold shut is not acceptable on " a " surfaces .	冷关不可接受 " 表面 " 的 " 表面 。
haikou is the capit's city of hainan province .	海口是海南省海南省的首席城市 。
the current director is professor wang keqiang .	目前的主任王智教授是王智教授 。
that attitude affects idiomatic patterns as well .	这种态度也影响了偶像模式的影响 。
it’s a great complement to rice dishes , soups and pasta .	这是一个很好的补充水稻菜 , 汤匙和巴斯塔 。
a good painting is shown before people as each drawing is done to the point .	在每一幅画面之前 , 每一幅画面都显示出一个很好的画面 。
if you want to add foshan , then our bank said that you should have other swift .	如果你想加入福山 , 那么我们的银行说你应该有其他的转换 。
few of the men of the round table had much heart to dispel them .	几个圆桌的男人心里有很多的心 , 让他们消失 。
you probably won't even risk injury or go hungry .	你可能不会危险甚至危险 , 甚至不会遭受伤害或饥饿 。
as we all know , the character of internet is fictitious and doubleacting .	正如我们所知道的 , 互联网的特点是有害的和双重的 。
it looks at things like fashion , how people wear different clothes .	看起来像时尚一样 , 人们穿着不同的衣服 。
handy to use and you may enjoy your flower tea anywhere !	用手 , 你可以在任何地方享受你的花茶 !
vacuum sweeper with robust petrol engine for outdoor use .	真空游泳器具有最强的石油发动机 , 用于室外使用 。
when it is cloudy , i am cold , impuissant and sad .	当它是云时 , 我是寒冷的 , 寒冷的 , 难以忍受和悲伤 。
i would be grumpy and cause those around me to be unhappy .	我会是贪婪的 , 使我周围的那些人变得不幸福 。
you called it a script kiddy language , remember ?	你把它称为一个脚本的孩子语言 , 记住吗 ?
they then created a simple mathematical model of what's going on .	然后 , 它们创建了一个简单的数学模型 。
the first and each subsequent bezier spline requires only three points .	第一个和每个后续的bezierspraline只需要三个点 。
where myth clashes with myth , it is however a very real clash .	神话的克拉斯和神话的地方 , 无论是一个真正的破裂 。
the second place we visited was monaco ville with the palace .	第二个地方 , 我们访问了蒙哥村 , 和宫殿 。
this button hook makes dressing with one hand easier and quicker .	这个按钮钩使一只手更容易 , 更快地穿着衣服 。
this time it was those in the businessjet industry who cringed .	这个时候 , 这是那些在商业jet行业中哭泣的行业 。
then change your default gateway and hit the enter key twice .	然后改变默认门口 , 打击输入关键二次 。
finally , this paper discusses the procedures and applications of jmi .	最后 , 本文讨论了jmi的过程和应用程 。
shoichiro toyoda says he doesn't recall the meeting .	史蒂罗·托伊达说他不回忆会议 。
we were completely amazed at the wonder and the greatness of nature .	我们完全惊讶于自然的想法和自然的伟大 。
there is no such thing as nothingness , and zero does not exist .	没有这样的事情 , 零不存在 。
the amish people are living peacefully in our midst , slow development .	人们在我们中期和平生活 , 缓慢发展 。
the canvas pane is where all the viewer portlets are placed .	蜡烛花板是所有视图portlet都放置的地方 。
antoni gaudi , from spain , main object of the thesis .	安东尼高迪从西班牙 , 主要对象是论文的主要对象 。
the receptionist asks , “have you ever seen a doctor ?	接受者问: " 你曾经看过一名医生吗 ?
finally a vanity tool that doesnâ€tmt despise you !	最后 , 一个无数的工具-------------------------------------
you have your work , your entertainment and your firends . i have only you .	你有你的工作 , 你的娱乐 , 你的娱乐和你的火灾 。 我只有你 。
every day there are seven lessons . this is my timetable for monday .	每天都有七个课程 , 这是我周一的时间 。
you are the ones on earth who open the gate to the light .	你是在地球上打开门口的地球上 , 打开门口 。
we have the example of the banking system and the car industry .	我们有银行系统和汽车行业的例子 。
the glass hit the corner of the table and broke on impact .	玻璃撞击桌子的角落 , 撞击了对桌子的影响 。
the late arrived of the ship had messed up all our plans .	晚些时候 , 船已经消失了我们的计划 。
a lot of asexual people do want relationships and children .	很多异性的人都想要关系和孩子们的关系 。
smetimes a beetle lost its way in the passages .	时候 , 一只熊在传递中丢失了路径 。
however , where you can eat authentic donkey to fire it ?	然而 , 你可以在哪里吃真实的驴子来消灭它吗 ?
he was in a tiny capsule called friendship 7 .	他在一个叫做友谊7号的小船上被称为 " 友谊 " 的小船上 。
you know , do these things that i have no future , you know , in .	你知道 , 这些事情我没有未来的事情 , 你知道 , 进入 。
anti corruption is a big issue of practice and theory .	反腐败是实践和理论的重大问题 。
for the first time , i felt like i was running into the wilderness .	第一次 , 我觉得像我一样跑到野蛮 。
the university boasts a team of welltrained teachers .	大学拥有一个良好的教师团队 。
but a strong volcker rule just might take the cake away .	但是 , 强烈的火箭规则可能会把蛋糕离开 。
the renderer determines the quality of your final render .	渲染器决定您最后渲染器的质量 。
wildflowers of different colors brighten the rocky land .	不同颜色的野花 , 亮着岩石的土地 。
project only for those , who have suomi as mother language .	只有对这些项目来说 , 那些有苏米尼的母亲语言的项目 。
what you need is an xml version of the directory listing .	您需要的是目录清单的xml版本 。
adam and eve conversed with god in the garden of eden .	亚当和埃德伦花园里与上帝交谈 。
pingping's mother is one of the district nurses .	平平平的母亲是地区护士之一 。
she expertly slid the hypodermic needle into my vein .	她专家把假针放到我的静脉里 。
please amend your copy of the contract accordingly .	请根据合同进行修改 。
eg . he says his friend is confident in turning the table .	他说他的朋友在转桌子里有信心 。
she implored piteously a voice choked with sobs .	她很高兴地用sobs打开了声音 。
you want to know how quickly is the other side going to get hot ?	你想知道 , 另一个方面要怎么快速才能得到热情呢 ?
he shouted and rapped with his walking stick on the door .	他喊着 , 和他走在门上 。
the children build sandcastles on the beach .	孩子们在海滩上建造沙弹 。
it's the final gasp of the burst housing bubble .	这是最后一个空气的房屋泡沫 。
and if it sounds good , ask if there’s any way i can see their results .	如果听起来很好 , 请问如果有任何方法我可以看到他们的结果 。
in starcraft , some units had instant attack animations .	在星球飞行中 , 一些单位有瞬间袭击动物 。
this new painkiller doe 't take long to act on the pain ?	这个新的疼痛者很长时间就会在痛苦上行动吗 ?
could we pretend that this is a normal first date between two normal people ?	我们能预测这是两个正常人之间的第一次日期 ?
i later found out the world is full of victors , of people saying no .	后来 , 我发现世界是全世界的受害者 , 人们说不了 。
once those are finished you can use your res . to make garages .	一旦这些人完成了你可以使用你的树脂 , 让垃圾 。
still , there were young men willing to ride for the pony express .	然而 , 年轻的男人愿意为诗尼表达而骑 。
it shows all infos from the header and dumps records...	它展示了所有的内容 , 从头部和尾部记录中显示出来 。
they can tell us a lot about the history of trading on sea .	他们可以告诉我们很多关于在海上交易的历史 。
in part 1 , you learned how to create an obex server application .	在第1部分中 , 您学习如何创建一个oexserver应用程序 。
on the whole it's a good plan and we shouldn't nitpick .	在整个情况下 , 我们不应该是一个很好的计划 , 而且我们不应该nitpick 。
separate the essence of the test from the implementation details .	从实现细节中分离测试的本质 。
you didn't realize how much part of your life it was going to become .	你没有意识到你的生活中多少部分 , 它会变成多少 。
place smaller sticks crosswise to make a lattice effect .	放置更小的粘贴 , 使得更多的效果变得更加严重 。
he mutilated the nun and stuffed into a closet .	他把那个国家变成一个闭合的关闭 。
geminis are often good at language , speaking and writing .	格明尼斯常常在语言、讲话和写作方面很好 。
i paid for the beers so i call dibs on the last bottle .	我为啤酒支付了 , 所以我在最后一瓶啤酒上称为dibs 。
and i can tell you at that point i wished i was back in canada .	我可以告诉你 , 我希望我在加拿大回来 。
you'll need to calculate how much time the assignment will take .	您将需要计算多少时间的分配时间 。
a but not tomorrow night . . . when are you next free ?	不过明天晚上 , 明天晚上 , 你下一个自由吗 ?
marylebone station was packed with homeward bound commuters .	马里勒骨站被包装在家里边界交流员 。
do not leave when she is poor , ill , or unbeautiful .	不要留在她贫穷、疾病或不美丽的时候 。
let us be determined not to collect grievances today .	今天我们决定不要收集今天的贪婪 。
conclusion:asqa had good reliability and construct validity .	结论:asqa具有良好的可靠性 , 构建有效性 。
study group and control group had isonitrogenous and isocaloric intake .	研究组和对照组均有异性和异性摄入 。
g1/2 " 2perpendicular entries with hung cover . "	g1/2 " 与匈牙盖的2个独立条款 " 。
with the development of science , computer increasingly popular .	随着科学的发展 , 计算机越来越受欢迎 。
you've got to hand it to the bottled water industry .	你必须把它处理到底水工业 。
with things as such , we‘ll have to let things slide .	随着这样的事情 , 我们必须让事情滑动 。
flyfish the spring creeks of paradise valley .	飞往天堂谷的春水裂隙 。
franklin: i peeked at one letter , that's all .	弗兰克林:我在一封信里一封 , 这是一封信 。
peddling a handful can lead to a 15year sentence .	把握一只手 , 可以导致一个15年的句子 。
little duck says: spring is a gentle and soft river .	小鸭说:春天是一条柔软的河 。
tonight jobs cleared up the matter once and for all .	今天晚上工作清理了一次事情 , 所有事情 。
please pass me that pile of semicircular tiles .	请把我传给半圆形砖 。
men scoured the country looking for the lost child .	男性把这个国家看起来是失去孩子的 。
guixi city shizhi compiling committee office ?	贵西市石西编译委员会办公室吗 ?
whom the gods destroy , we number1 do mad .	谁是神摧毁了 , 我们数字1的恶魔 。
house: only an idiot gets between ahab and his whale .	房子:只有一个idiot在ahab和他的鲸鱼之间 , 只有一个idiot 。
for me , personally , i can really see both sides to the coin .	对我来说 , 个人来说 , 我真的可以看到两边都能看到硬币 。
“from many cotton plants , ” the man answered .	" 很多棉厂 , " 这个男人回答说 。
or you can begin to " work " to make your sex life more exciting .	或者你可以开始 " 工作 " 来让你的性生活更加兴奋 。
because of film editing , we couldn't see the whole show .	由于电影编辑 , 我们不能看到整个节目 。
how do children and teens experience depression ?	儿童和青少年经历抑郁 ?
where is now monk xuanzang of the tang dynasty ?	现在 , 唐代的僧侣是哪里的 ?
okay ? ! possibly . or you . okay .	好吗 ? 哦 ! 可能 , 或者你 。 好吧 。
the otaku the media picks up on are usually this kind .	奥克鲁的媒体通常是这样的 。
wen wen practicing her backward crossover in dec 2010 .	2010年12月 , 温文在2010年12月实践了她的背景十字架 。
what are the units here ? we write 12 . 011 .	这里的单位是什么 ? 我们写了12.011 。
aim: to study the constituents of abrus mollis hance .	目的:研究brusmollis的组成部分 。
antony goes for projects on a massive scale .	安东尼在大规模的范围内进行项目 。
and it deepens household and community poverty .	而且它深化了房屋和社区贫困 。
this aspect of luke's work has occasioned much discussion .	这个方面 , 卢克的作品发生了很多讨论 。
standards for drinking water have been improved continuously .	饮用水的标准不断提高 。
'of course , ' ms . darling sneers .	" 哦 , " 达林斯先生说 。
i quickly put all the socks are washed over again .	我迅速把所有的袜子都洗了 。
chandler: blue blazer back . hehe wants it back .	查德勒:蓝色的布莱斯勒回来 , 他想回来 。
no one questions china’s civilian control of the military .	没有一个问题 , 中国的民事控制是军事的 。
holyflag will be customized for the entire handling process .	假旗将被定制为整个处理过程 。
the filial piety is the center of retirement throughout .	菲律佩蒂是整个退休中心的中心 。
no04 , 5 . i don't know how to thank you for all your help .	诺04 , 5 。 我不知道如何感谢你们的帮助 。
i have so much to do today . i am run off my feet .	今天我有太多的做法 , 我跑了我的脚 。
the company did not say in the filing which banks loaned the money .	本公司并没有说明银行贷款贷款的文件 。
after about half an hour , i realised i really needed to fart .	大约一半小时后 , 我真的意识到我真的需要失败 。
love is , and it can last , if we remember our differences .	爱是 , 最后 , 如果我们记得我们的差异 。
leo: now , if you’ll just follow me to the lounge .	莱奥:现在 , 如果你只是跟我跟着我去伦敦 。
this life , this love that you and i have been dreaming of , for so long .	这个生命 , 这个爱你们 , 我一直梦想着 , 因为长期以来 。
the poor man at last was eased and hence lived happily .	最后 , 穷人很容易生活 , 因此生活得很幸福 。
the warning is based on the latest 5day weather forecasts .	警告基于最近5天气预测的基础上 , 是基于最新的5天气预测 。
ma kang is a good friend of mine , and a unique one .	马康是我好朋友 , 一个独特的朋友 。
it is a basic emotion with a characteristic facial expression .	它是一种基本的情感 , 具有特殊的面表达式 。
triumphing over death , and chance , and thee , o time .	穿越死亡 , 和死亡的机会 , 还有时间 。
a popup tip will tell you whether it is on or off .	一个popuptptp将告诉你 , 是否是在或关闭 。
these things could change if you learn how to manage your violence .	如果你学习如何管理你的暴力 , 这些事情可能会改变 。
huang zongzhi is one of the most famous legal historian .	黄宗宗是最著名的法律史家之一 。
he has been given a label " playboy " by his friends .	他曾经被他的朋友给了一个标签 " 玩家伙 " 的标签 。
it's also unbelievable to me that he would ever end his life .	这也不能相信我 , 他永远会结束他的生命 。
each of us dipped a finger into the mixture and sucked it .	我们每个人都把指指指甲扔进混合物中 , 然后把它放进混合物中 。
the caribbean waters there are also perfect for scuba diving .	加勒比亚水也有很好的水 , 还有很好的水 。
an airraid alarm sounded in the depths of night .	一个空气的警报在夜深处发出声音 。
they would like to after a long night can see by the morning glow !	他们愿意经过一段长夜之后 , 可以看到早晨的光芒 !
dougong was widely used in the spring and autumn period .	多龙在春秋时期被广泛应用 。
will judge hudson's decision be upheld on appeal ?	法官赫德森的决定是否会被判断的 ?
i thought it would help . you're the best , you know that ?	我觉得这会有帮助 。 你是最好的 , 你知道那么 ?
and why do we make it so hard to amend our constitution .	为什么我们努力修改我们的宪法 。
no one near seems to be thinking , or feeling , or working .	似乎没有人认为 , 或者感觉 , 或者工作 。
afterwards , ao patient about aunt and monica a pile .	后来 , ao患者关于姨妈和蒙妮卡一堆堆堆 。
great minds think alike , but fools seldom differ .	很好的思想一样 , 但愚蠢的差异很少 。
many people with foot pain can get relief just by losing weight .	足部疼痛的许多人只能通过失去重量来减少 。
i will never draw like them . but they will never draw like me .	我永远不会像他们一样画 , 但他们永远不会像我一样画 。
i could not control and make selfrepression on such rational basic .	我不能控制并对这种理性基本进行自我抑制 。
he was just a person . he was avoiding eye contact .	他只是个人 , 避免眼睛接触 。
this group was laid out and arranged in accordance with buddhist cosmology .	这个团体依照佛教宇宙学的研究 , 建立了这一团体 。
determine the relationship qiang shen and qin day together very happy .	确定张沈和秦天的关系非常高兴 。
runners who lost more than 3% of their weight during the run finished fastest .	运行者在最快的运行过程中失去了3%的重量 。
the weekold peace talks there between the two sides were near collapse .	这个星期的和平会谈在两边之间 , 两边之间的谈话近于崩溃 。
there was a relationship between the conductance activation energy and detergency .	导电活性能与脱能之间存在着一个关系 。
our brains are roughly 25 percent larger than those of the late homo erectus .	我们的大脑比最后的同性直肠的25%大 。
they stood on the top of the mountain , watching the sun rising in the east .	他们站在山顶上 , 看着太阳在东面上升 。
yueliangshan fault is the east segment of haiyuan fault zone .	玉林山断裂是海元断裂带东段 。
we'll be reading his essay on suicide . hume died , had an illness .	我们将在自杀中读到他的评论 , 哈姆死了 , 病了 。
there is only one practicing spot here in liuyang . i have been there for only three times .	这里只有一个实践点在刘阳 , 我只有三次 。
in the center of town is a pair of 20footlong sheet metal shidas .	在城市中心是一对20英尺长的金属盾牌 。
together with the avalokitesvara figure in the middle , 33 in total .	在中间33个中间 , 与avaloksvara数字一起 , 总数为33 。
the little ship tried to escape when the big pirate ship bore down on it .	小船只试图逃离大海盗船在船上飞船的时候 。
he was standing almost broadside , his great head up and turned toward them .	他站起来几乎宽阔 , 他的大头上抬起来 , 向他们转向 。
but i think it will be wiser of lee to put your best side outward , ' she added .	但是我觉得这会更聪明的李子把你最好的侧面放在外面 , " 她补充道 。
a loving husband who treats me like a queen yet everyday i remember .	一个爱的丈夫 , 每天我都记得像女王一样 , 我还记得他 。
their metabolism and the mechanism of antifatigue are elaborated in this paper .	阐述了它们的代谢机理和反位置的机理 。
little birds and pigs now come in the form of edible cake toppers .	小鸟和猪肉现在来到了食用蛋糕的形式 。
obtain the essential feature that is larcenous behavior secretly .	本质特征是严格的行为行为 。
you know that the function of a protein is intimately related to its structure .	你知道 , 蛋白的功能与其结构相关 。
18they divide my garments among them and cast lots for my clothing .	18岁的时候 , 我的服装在他们里分成了很多衣服 。
it is nto the same thing to have a bare field in january and in juluy .	这是nto同样的事情 , 在一月和六月份有一个不足的领域 。
steering gear is the most important component of the automotive veering system .	转向齿轮是汽车向量系统中最重要的组成部分 。
sitting comfortably at number three is bagan temple and pagodas .	坐在数字三号是巴根寺和巴哥达斯 。
it is characterized by containing concave and convex rod stone powder in said paste .	说明 , 包含含含含含含含形状和凸棒石粉的特点 。
currently sharp does not make compressors , a key air conditioner component .	目前鲨鱼并不制造压缩机 , 一个关键的空调条件组件 。
to provide monitoring , inspection and technical guidance for food hygiene ;	为了为食品卫生提供监测、检查、技术指导 ;
around tenthirty that night , they ended up back in madeleine’s dorm room .	第十三天晚上 , 他们终于回到玛丽琳的宿舍房间里 。
the actual rate discount would have to be applied in the credit card management system .	实际的速率折扣必须在信用卡管理系统中应用 。
he is not only the pride of the people in hainan , but also the pride of people all over the world .	他不仅是海南人民的骄傲 , 而且也是全世界人民的骄傲 。
main components: a variety of aromatic ketones and aromatic esters .	主要组成部分:各种芳烃和芳香树脂 。
this article has a brief review on holocene climate changes in mongolia .	本文对蒙古地区全球气候变化进行了简要评述 。
in the scene turns the large flame often gushes out to the window outside .	在场景中 , 大火往往往往冲到窗外 。
to handle an invalid contract must abide by the principle of restitution .	为了处理有效的合同 , 必须遵循复习原则 。
optimistic , tigers always bounce back for new and fresh challenges .	乐观 , 老虎总是对新鲜的挑战来说 , 老虎总是会回到新鲜的挑战 。
many of the people of darwin escaped by hiding in cellars that night .	许多黑白人被隐藏在夜间的细胞中逃离 。
i'm not doubting for a moment the sincerity of the couple's distress .	我并不怀疑一刻对夫妇的诚信度 。
the first section of this article ponders the corporation in the point of view of right and power .	本文的第一部分 , 在权利和权力的角度 , 提出了公司在权利和权力方面的角度 。
we did talk about changing it , but feared it would only be perceived as a nerf .	我们谈论改变它 , 但恐惧只会被视为神经 。
your parents tell you to boil herbs and stay inside when you get sick .	你的父母告诉你在你病的时候 , 你父母告诉你煮草本 , 然后留在内面 。
the club only has an 18hole green fee and caddie fee at weekends .	俱乐部只有18英里绿色的费用和周末的费用 。
virtually every new company complains about the difficulty of raising seed capital .	几乎每家新公司都抱怨提高种子资本困难 。
i desire no further advice from you , ' answered mr linton .	林顿先生回答说: " 我不愿意从你身边的建议 。 "
i have a stomachache . i think i got some bad food at lunch today .	我觉得今天午餐吃了一些坏食物 。
good moring , mr . smith . i am sunfang coming for an interview .	很好的动作 , 史密斯先生 。 我是太阳来访一次采访 。
half a shovelful has fallen off . ) evil's mask of innocence .	半个鞋子已经落下了 , 邪恶的面罩就会失去 。
mt . 10:23 and when they persecute you in this city , flee into another .	10:23 , 当他们在这个城市里偷走你时 , 飞到另一个城市 , 飞到另一个城市 。
let's look at the curriculum for the robotics engineering program at wpi .	让我们看一下wpi的机器人工程程程程序的课程 。
i think it was you i sent , " he added , addressing the staffofficer . "	我觉得你是我送的 , " 他补充道 , 地址员工 。
i thenrealizedi had no right to place myself abovehimjust because he was busking .	然后我再也没有权利把自己放在himjus上面 , 因为他是忙碌的 。
the train was full of proles , in holiday mood because of the summery weather .	火车是由于夏天的天气 , 火车充满了阳光 , 在假日的情绪中 , 因此 , 火车是充满的 。
he spent over ten thousand us dollars to buy a table filled with holes .	他花了十万美元买一张桌子 , 用孔子买一张桌子 。
diluted earnings per american depositary share came to $1 . 26 .	每个美国储蓄股票的收益达到1.26美元 。
" some were thrilled that caesar had died , and some were horrified , " he said .	他说: " 有些人因为卡萨已经死了 , 有些人被证实了 。 "
between history and the eternal i have chosen history because i like certainties .	在历史和永恒之间 , 我选择了历史 , 因为我喜欢肯定 。
the discovery also reveals how male squid compete for female mating partners .	发现还揭示了男性安全竞争对女性伴侣的男性如何竞争 。
improved management of the cadre and personnel files of the rules and regulations .	改进了规则和规定的cadre和人员文件的管理 。
red narrating: you could argue he'd done it to carry favor with the guards .	红叙述:你可以认为他能做到的是 , 与卫队相比 。
it's so nice to have you today . please come and see me again sometime .	今天你很好 , 请再次看看我 。
thousands of militants traded in guns for stipends and training .	数千名军人在枪手中交易 , 为火车和训练 。
roundtrip economy class air ticket for hong kong and gold coast on sq . .	香港和黄金海岸的环境经济类空气票 。
above , an artist's conception of the space launch system blasting off .	上面 , 一个艺术家的概念是空间发射系统爆炸的概念 。
the idc has a more uniform work function distribution than an oxide cathode .	idc具有比氧化物cathode更均匀的工作功能分布 。
many of jones' old friends join his team , along with some new ones .	许多乔恩斯的老朋友加入他的团队 , 和一些新的团队一起 。
artists using this method of mixing colours to draw are called " pointillism " .	艺术家使用这种混合颜色的方法被称为 " 虚拟主义 " 。
because i really want to understand what it is like for a son and a father to relate each other .	因为我真的想理解 , 就像儿子和父亲一样 , 相互关系 。
scientists are conducting sampling to understand the threats from water pollution .	科学家们正在采取采样 , 以理解水污染的威胁 。
just permit the dime that she so shrinks in the carriage , allow her to so wail .	只是允许她如此在车里闪烁 , 就允许她如此wail 。
the effects of sedation may make you forget what you were instructed after the procedure .	爱情的影响可能使你忘记你在过程中被指导的是什么 。
he chuckled slightly and blushed . " yeah , that was my girl . "	他轻轻轻地冲着 , 冲着 , " 是的 , 那是我的女孩 。 "
cut the fish fillet in chunks , marinate it with some salt and pepper .	砍鱼在春天里 , 用一些盐和辣椒把鱼放在一起 。
our company is specialized in the production of pet collar , traction with the enterprise .	本公司专业生产宠物核心 , 跟踪企业 。
after years of ross mooning over rachel , she finally found out that he was in love with her .	几年之后 , 罗斯在拉克尔的月球上 , 她终于发现他与她一起爱着她 。
to spirit , getting is meaningless and giving is all . t5 . i . 1 . 7	为了精神 , 获得的是无意义的 , 给予的是 。 t5.7 。
and " change " refers to unleashing staff potential through deepening reform .	" 改革 " 指通过深化改革来解放员工的潜力 。
when someone drives a perfect car in an improper manner , no one blames the car...	当有人驾驶完美的汽车时 , 没有人指责汽车...
the user can also select another language and read content in that language .	用户也可以选择另一个语言和阅读内容 。
if you’re a fan of the bubbly , you could try seltzer water instead .	如果你是个泡沫的球迷 , 你可以尝试用盐水来替代 。
therefore hear now this , thou afflicted , and drunken , but not with wine	因此 , 现在听到这件事 , 你就冲突了 , 喝醉醉 , 但不用酒 。
abundant kidneyyang warms and promotes all the viscera and organs .	丰富的肾阳温暖 , 促进所有的vicesra和组织 。
there are many methods to solve the one kind of ion reactions for the problem of groundwater .	有许多方法解决地下水问题的一种离子反应方法 。
lather enhancer advantage in shampoos , soap , and facial wash .	激光增强剂在沙麻、皂、面部洗涤中具有优势 。
the best physicians are dr . diet , dr quiet and dr . merryman .	最好的物理学家是饮食、安静和默里曼博士 。
the longterm bull market trendline drawn from 2001 has remained intact .	长期的牛市趋势从2001年出发 , 仍然没有完整的 。
meattextured fish protein concentrate is a new product developed in 1980's .	鱼类鱼类蛋白浓度是1980年代发展的一种新产品 。
hook the small prawn from tail to head for fishing prawns and small fish .	把小鱼从尾巴上拉到头部 , 用鱼和小鱼 。
she waited for narcissus to speak first , and prepared her answer .	她等候纳西斯首先讲话 , 准备了她的答案 。
if i didn't study , i would buy a baby rabbit like mr . wu .	如果我没有学习 , 我会买一只婴儿兔像吴先生这样的兔子 。
a group of people starts a business and they say , let's divide up the proceeds .	一群人开始了一个业务 , 他们说 , 我们分开了这个程序 。
otherwise , you're wasting a bit , so to speak , unnecessarily .	否则 , 你正在浪费一点 , 所以说话 , 不必要 。
relationalism is the essence of practical materialism and piagets theory .	关系主义是实际材料主义和图书理论的精神 。
antiaustralia graffiti is sprinkled around the capital , dili .	反澳大利亚grafifti在首都迪里的资本上散步 。
lounge patrons desperately wanted to imbibe the essence of all this .	洛杉矶巡逻队绝对想要imbibe所有这一切的本质 。
modern cpus contain a subsystem known as the memory management unit .	现代cpus包含一个被称为记忆管理单元的子系统 。
police said sunday that the death toll in the shooting rose to 86 .	警方周日称 , 死亡者在射击中升至86年 。
the invention discloses a microbial inoculum and a preparation method thereof .	本发明公开了一种微生物细胞和制备方法 。
youth , in particular , are seen as beacons of innovation and creativity .	年轻人 , 尤其是年轻人 , 被视为创新和创新 。
she also advises against anything with the words " antiaging . "	她还建议对任何与 " 抗衰老 " 的话都有反对 。
the editorinchief blue penciled the article written by his reporter .	编辑长蓝把这篇文章由记者写成的文章 。
to date , there have been 63 , 595 sales through the torontomls system this year .	迄今为止 , 今为止 , 今年已经有63 , 595个销售经历了今年的全面体系 。
i made a statement on our website that freddie is and will be part of our squad .	我在我们的网站上发表了一份声明 , 这是我们的广场的一部分 。
everyone else tweaking their sites for their own use can do anything they want and will !	另外 , 其他其他人都可以为自己的用途做任何他们想要和愿意的事情 , 都可以做到自己的用途 。
later in the season , despite good planning , product starts to run out unevenly .	后来在赛季 , 尽管好规划 , 产品开始不均匀运行 。
time for striver is kind of treasure , for lazy person , is a kind of burden .	严格的时间是一种宝藏 , 对于懒惰的人来说 , 是一种负担 。
our silks are known for good quality . they are one of our traditional exports .	我们的丝绸是很好的质量 , 是我们传统的出口之一 。
if you build your team from start , you will have much easyer time in the future .	如果你从开始建立你的团队 , 你将有很容易的时间在未来 。
but even so , the two sister still can not help but think she is the advantage of their home .	但即使如此 , 两个姐妹仍然不能帮助 , 但认为她是他们家的优势 。
figure 1 shows a screen capture of the application , a bar graph of yearly results .	图1显示了应用程序的屏幕捕获 , 一年的结果 。
my mouth was wide open when i entered the cup room in via turati .	我的嘴巴很广泛 , 当我进入了西拉蒂杯房间的时候 , 我的嘴巴就很开了 。
imagine another 250 million people urbanising china over the next 20 years .	想象在未来20年里 , 中国还有另外250万人城市化中国 。
you can hover over vertical arrows to get details on the locks being held .	您可以在垂直箭头上保持详细的锁头 。
these landforms were dubbed tiankeng , or " naturally formed pits " .	这些地形被称为天城 , 或者 " 天然形成的坑 " 。
if the ball arrives one second beforehand , will you yield it to the wind ?	如果球队到达了一秒之前 , 你会把它产到风中吗 ?
button shaped beads pendant , earing , a meson , welcome to order !	按钮形成的珠裤 , 耳朵 , 儿子 , 儿子 , 欢迎订单 !
as to what and how to release , the authorities will comply with relevant laws .	正如何释放的 , 政府将遵循相关法律 。
journalist: mr lin , do you think this is a very nice chance for bening ?	记者:林先生 , 你认为这是一个很好的机会吗 ?
twiggy was a little of both boy and girl , a mirror of her time .	twiggy是一个小男孩和女孩 , 她的时候的镜子 。
if the market goes his way , he waits to be proven even more right bigger is better .	如果市场走了他的路 , 他等待证明更多的权利更好 。
after a moment’s hesitation , tweener reaches out and takes the burger .	经过一刻的沉思 , 温格尔到达了外面 , 拿着手术 。
the world in general , and even more your briny world , accepts flogging .	一般来说 , 世界上 , 更多你的briny世界 , 接受了登录 。
stack two 1 . 4x is better than one 2x in terms of picture quality .	栈2.4x在图片质量方面比图片质量更好 。
listen to the tape and find out the main idea of this article and how it is organized .	听这篇文章的主要思想 , 以及如何组织 。
1923 insulin first became generally available for use by diabetics .	1923年胰岛素首次成为糖尿病学家使用的一般用途 。
of course , not all longstanding restaurants are celebrity haunts .	当然 , 不一切长期的餐馆都是庆祝的乐趣 。
effect analysis: day heart to have the devil body , brandied denied .	效果分析:日常心脏有恶魔身体 , 分支忽视 。
the bride was delighted , kissed him , and loved him with all of her heart .	新娘很高兴 , 亲吻他 , 爱他一切心 。
you will be able to swap hotbar configurations at the same time you swap specs .	同时 , 您将能够在同一时间吞噬物种的时候吞噬热栏配置 。
there are many drove past some rubber estate around in kuala lumpur .	有许多驾驶过去在卡卡拉·卢普尔周围的一些橡胶房地产 。
vanda miss joaquim is the national flower of singapore .	范达错误约翰是新加坡的民族花 。
objective to establish quality standard for compound zhuanggu capsule .	目的建立复合张光胶囊的质量标准 。
investigation and study of medicinal plants over yao wang mountain .	调查和研究了杨山上医药植物的研究 。
however , this defeats the strong typing of the anonymous type .	然而 , 这对匿名类型的强大类型造成了冲击 。
sun yuwen was an important figure of late qing dynasty .	孙元文是清末清代晚期的重要数字 。
the coming of automation is bound tohave important social consequences .	自动化的未来是界限性的重要社会后果 。
this was the realisation that many children here can’t afford to go school .	这是实现许多孩子在这里不能去学校 。
it's proving very difficult to peg him down to a definite date for completion .	很难把他拉到完成的一段时间里 , 很难完成他 。
a lot of the issues we do within epa , or technically , is in nature .	很多我们在epa中做的问题 , 或技术上 , 是在自然上 。
the man was an undercover deputy from iredell county sheriff's office .	这个男子是来自爱尔德尔德尔县牧师办公室的一个认知部门 。
mc: would you please update us about shinhwa members' activities .	麦克:您将请更新我们关于shinhwa成员的活动 。
we are not told why jesus made some mud and placed it over the man's eyes .	我们不告诉耶稣为什么犯了一些泥泞 , 把它放在男人眼里 。
the captain brought the men to attention as the general arrived .	这名队长带来了男人注意力 , 作为一般来到 。
your father takes on too much . he forgets he's not growing any younger .	你的父亲太多了 , 他忘记他不会成长任何年轻人 。
you need to have an existing project loaded into the integrated development environment .	您需要将现有的项目负载到整合开发环境中 。
and , during feiler's battle with cancer , they would fight alongside him .	而且 , 在菲律师与癌症的战斗中 , 他们会沿着他身边战斗 。
henceforth it will be more difficult to avoid customs examination .	因此 , 要避免自定制考试更难以避免 。
american liquor companies are finding inspiration in the financial crisis .	美国液体公司正在寻找在金融危机中寻找启发 。
it is of reference value to control the pollution of the regional environment .	控制区域环境污染的参考价值 。
keep track of how much you'll need to pay for insurance and office supplies .	跟踪你需要多少钱保险和办公室供应 。
concise , after receipt of the g frequently reply in turn good mood .	吻合之后 , 通常收到gg的时候 , 常常会回应好的情绪 。
unclaimed bodies of the victims , such as rehabilitation work is under way .	无声称受害者的身体 , 比如重建工作 , 正如恢复工作 。
karen: i read about that in a trade mag . it's a new technology .	卡伦:我在贸易杂志中读到了这一点 , 是一个新的技术 。
this is the third in the discussion of the stars that make up the summer triangle .	这是第三个星系的讨论 , 使夏季三角形成的明星的讨论 。
in play garden , his since actor , it is miscellaneous labour ;	在玩园里 , 他的演员自从演员之后 , 是错误的劳动者 ;
using this factory , the following data types used for the service definition were designed .	采用此工厂 , 设计了以下的数据类型用于服务定义的应用 。
the beaver dammed the stream with mud , branches and leaves .	海滩上有泥泞、分支和叶子坝坝坝坝 。
let's get some more coffee first . i'd like a sandwich , too .	首先让我们得到更多的咖啡 , 我也喜欢一个沙威克 , 还有 。
i don't want to suggest that sabrina's work is purely erotic here .	我不想建议萨布莱纳的工作是纯粹的浪漫 。
i call this italy's “straits of messina phenomenon .	我称这是意大利的 " 悲剧现象 " 。
read the directions and directly you will be directed in the right direction .	阅读正确的方向 , 直接在正确的方向中直接直接 。
but when the policyholder is mortgages people , the situation should be different .	但是当政策持有者是抵押贷款的人时 , 应该是不同的 。
this helps the doctor estimate how long you have been pregnant and your due date .	这帮助医生估计你已经怀孕了多久 , 你的日期 。
this ' honing ' is necessary in my opinion because of some reasons .	这是因为一些原因 , 我的意见是必要的 。
when deciding whether or not to refinance , there are many factors to con sider .	当决定是否决定财政是否有很多因素 , 还有很多因素 。
we have seven children in my family . all sisters , excepting me .	我们在家里有七个孩子 , 所有姐姐 , 除了我外 。
it offers the theoretical foundation for the use of this endosperm specific promoter .	为此 , 为本文的内皮特定推广者提供了理论基础 。
when the weather warms up , ice cream shops have lines out their doors .	当天气温暖的时候 , 冰淇淋店已经走出门 。
in his art world , also an impressive spring waters and autumn hills scene .	在他的艺术世界 , 还有一个印象性的春水和秋山景观 。
and he has discovered many such grassroots experts on douban . com .	他发现了许多这些草根专家在双方 。 com上发现了许多这样的草根专家 。
i made whales , fish , and birds of every size , shape and colour .	我使鲸、鱼、鱼和鸟类的大小、形状和颜色 。
if two people are meant to be together , eventually they ' ll find their wat back .	如果两个人一起在一起 , 最终他们会发现他们的手表回来 。
our evaluation: the parallel web provides no data locality whatsoever .	我们的评估:并行网络提供了无论数据的局部性 。
these restaurant recommendations can be viewed by other friends of yours .	这些餐馆建议可以被其他朋友看到 。
i’m trying to remove as many impediments to that as possible .	我试图去除许多实施 , 就像可能的那样可能 。
that he had fed live kittens to sharks . ( " no kittens . "	那时他曾经吃过食物的厨房去鲨鱼 。 " 没有厨房 。
shield and heraldic mail with surcoat show your custom banner .	屏蔽和草本邮件显示您的自定义禁止者 。
some believe there are concerns among the central government as well .	一些人相信中央政府中心也存在着很大的关注 。
and she passed a crime scene where somebody was shot on the street .	她透过一场犯罪场景 , 有人在街上拍摄 。
the east end of the chapel projects farther eastwards than the great gate .	查普尔项目的东端比大门更远 。
all others who found—and opened bottles—would be put to death .	所有发现的其他人都打开瓶子-------------------------------------
in version 6 . 0 , many additional enhancements have been introduced .	在版本6.0版本中 , 介绍了许多额外的增强 。
pilate therefore , willing to release jesus , spake again to them .	因此 , 愿意释放耶稣 , 再次向他们讲话 。
this product has the functions of antifatigue and adjusting immune .	本产品具有抗疲劳和调节免疫功能 。
firstly , i needed to register domain name with a registrant . for e . g .	首先 , 我需要注册域名的名字 , 请注册者 。
the cast iron rod bushing provides maximum load bearing support .	铸铁滚形提供最大负载轴承支撑 。
flower town: yunnan known as " kingdom of plants " .	花城:云南被称为 " 植物王国 " 。
here's a frontispiece with rosenberg in a military coat .	在这里 , 罗森伯格和罗森伯格在军事服装中扮演了一场前卫 。
love the team , love the whole team , believe and trust , 4ever .	爱团队 , 爱整个团队 , 相信和信任 , 每4个团队 。
the machine is with accessories and suitable for the binging of insole .	机器具有配套性和适合于印索勒的翅膀 。
he then changed into overalls and spent the next eight hours as a dustman .	然后 , 他改变了整体 , 把下一个八个小时作为尘埃人 。
i gave away a block of cheddar cheese with crumbled bacon in it .	我离开了一块切德拉奶酪 , 然后在它里挤出了一块切德拉奶酪 。
we came in third . that was because ivor caught a crab right at the start .	我们第三次来到了 , 这是因为ivor在第三个开始捕获了一只蟹 。
the beekeepers did not find dead adult bees as they often do after winter .	蜜蜂保持者在冬天之后不会发现死亡成年蜜蜂 。
stiga has now managed to combine speed and touch in the same blade .	stiga现在已经经理结合速度和触摸在同样的刀片中 。
you may override this behavior with the n , or maxargs , parameter .	你可以用n , 或者maxargs , 参数覆盖这个行为 。
no , you may keep him out the whole night for me , '' i answered .	不 , 你可以把他留在我整晚 , " 我回答道 。
at the same time , their sensitivity to the absurd is sharper than ever .	与此同时 , 他们对吸收的敏感性比以前更明显 。
all good chinese writers who to my mind are worth anything have repudiated it .	所有好的中国作家都值得任何值得重复的东西 。
for whom , for whom , who has waited for eternity in a thousand years ?	对于谁来说 , 谁等待在千年里等待永恒呢 ?
however , the injunction means it will miss out on the opportunity .	然而 , 注射意味着它会错过机会 。
these were led by arthur's halfsister , morgan , who was a witch .	这些是由阿瑟的半姐摩根领导的 , 摩根是一位巫师 。
under kelly , westpac merged with st . george's in 2008 .	在凯利 , 西方队在2008年合并了圣乔治的队伍 。
i ' m calling you because the boy comes from your city , said dr . haydon .	我打电话叫你 , 因为这个男孩来自你的城市 , 海登博士说 。
it was a gloomy picture , but even so we were glad to be back in formosa .	这是一幅全球的照片 , 但即使我们很高兴地回到正式奥萨 。
though it would mean in reality we would probably look much different or not exist at all .	尽管实际上 , 我们可能会看起来很多不同或不存在 。
the housing cost is concerned with the vital interests of the billions of people .	房屋成本与数十亿人民的重要利益有关 。
nominations and eight marriages , has died in los angeles at age 79 .	提名和八个婚姻 , 在79岁的洛杉矶死于洛杉矶 。
wild campaign charges were made against both polk and clay .	野外竞选对波尔克和克莱克都做出了反对 。
and these were different from the areas activated during the initial learning of the sequence .	在序列初始学习中 , 这些区域不同于活跃的区域 。
a large press , inlaid with agate and lapislazuli , filled one .	一个大型的新闻 , 用协议和拉皮斯拉zuli , 填充一个 。
iron the fly area of the pants , then the seams and hem of the first leg .	铁的飞行区域 , 然后第一条腿的缝合和海姆 。
objective:to observe the action of ningxue decrease piles suppository .	前言:目的:观察宁津津市的作用 , 降低桩供应库的作用 。
breastfeeding pamphlets are available in our hospital to help you .	在我们医院的乳腺喂养帕米尔特 , 可以帮助你 。
in order to properly handle criticism , you also need to properly handle praise .	为了适当处理批评 , 您也需要正确处理赞美 。
horrible . unwilling to die ! can not be married , and divorce !	可怕 。 不愿死 ! 不能结婚 , 离婚 !
for it is just as when i feed myself – i don't expect to be rewarded .	只有当我喂养自己的时候 , 我不希望得到奖励 。
poor barry stopped a packet when his car was in collision with a lorry .	穷的巴利停止了一包包包 , 他的汽车与耶和华一起碰撞时就停止了 。
when someone says , " i'm a speaker , " this is generally what they mean .	当有人说的时候 , " 我是个演讲者 , " 这通常是他们的意思 。
saponification slagfly ash can be used in the high fill sections of highway .	可在高速公路的高速公路中使用sapon化渣灰 。
the discovery was made by nasa's planethunting telescope kepler .	这个发现是由美国宇航局的飞机发射电镜卡普勒制造的 。
his daily work is to riddle coal cinders to get out the larger pieces .	他的日常工作是骑着煤器来获得更大的部分 。
an applied study of radioligand binding assay on some different receptors ;	研究了一些不同接收器中辐射和绑定的研究 。
it is far away in the country , but always with me , wherever i am .	远远处于全国 , 但总是与我一起 , 无论我是在哪里 。
to him , all the farewell sentiments are something one has to endure in life .	对于他来说 , 所有的失败情绪都是某种事情 , 必须终止生活 。
" this project was interesting for manyreasons , " says mr . rochon .	" 这个项目对许多原因很有兴趣 , " rochon先生说 。
in fact , the world of friendship there are jealous , that nothing less than love .	事实上 , 朋友世界的友谊有嫉妒 , 没有什么比爱更少 。
the inmates burst out laughing: " where do you think you are , sweden ? "	格式大笑: " 你觉得你是哪里 , 瑞典 ? "
neil webb got injured and i got my chance to play for england .	尼尔网络受伤 , 我得到了我的机会 , 为英格兰打球 。
so i made some metal tips for my fingers and learned to play again .	所以我为我的手指做了一些金属提示 , 学会再次演奏 。
if you can keep your cool under stressful situations , she'll notice .	如果你可以在压力情况下保持冷却 , 她会注意到 。
with these sprigs just fly ahead of the other pocket bikes in the race .	在比赛中 , 这些分裂只是飞行在其他包车前面 。
improving the water desalting efficient is also an important method to saving water .	提高水处理效率也是节约水的重要方法之一 。
jeremy's eyes widened as he looked down at the city lights .	杰里米的眼睛在城市灯光下看着 , 看着他眼睛的眼睛 。
we left there at 5:00pm , and we were all very happy for this excursion .	我们离开在那里 , 00pm , 我们都很高兴 。
how you find " smart " people who know the technology and the business ?	你怎么找到 " 聪明 " 的人知道技术和业务 ?
yes , i must thank you for organizing that . i found it most interesting .	是的 , 我必须感谢您组织这一点 , 我发现它最有趣 。
the spring water is of dark green , deep and running all the year round .	春水是深绿、深深、运行一年的春水 。
this means they will also have access to compulsory education for free .	这意味着他们也将有访问自由自由的强制教育 。
to recognize the disease , the review and report are as follows .	为了认识疾病 , 评论和报告就像以下一样 。
jeanie is right . here inuit can hunt and shoottokill freely .	简妮是对的 , 这里的感觉可以打猎和拍摄自由 。
" i dance rather well for a cowboy , " he told her amusedly .	" 我跳得很好 , " 他告诉她她说 , " 我还跳得很好 。
meshing the research and marketing operations will be mr . furlaud's job .	将研究和营销操作融合在一起 , 弗兰德先生的工作 。
homicides are also rare , which makes new zealand a safe place to live in .	同样罕见的是 , 这使得新西兰一个安全的地方生活在一起 。
at citigroup , revenue fell by $28 billion , or 34% .	在citigroup上 , 收入下降了28亿美元 , 或34% 。
could your faith remain firm and immoveable through these challenging times ?	你的信仰仍然能够通过这些挑战时代的挑战 , 你的信心还能保持稳定和移动 ?
it is no good hen that crackles in your house and lay in another's .	没有好的亨恩 , 在你的房子里裂缝 , 还有另一个房子 。
mr . abas said the talk with powell was deep , severe and hopeful...	阿巴斯先生说 , 与波威尔谈话深 , 严重和希望...
the codification of china's private law should model led on german one .	中国私法的编码应该在德国领导下模拟 。
as a writer , i make my life known and woven into the fabric of literature .	作为一位作家 , 我把我所知的生命和织成文学的织物 。
before then , operating systems were handcoded in assembly and were not portable .	在此之前 , 操作系统在组装中处理并不可移植 。
at least now , you will have something to show for it . it may even end up on youtube .	至少现在 , 你会有一些东西来展示它 , 甚至可能会结束你们的东西 。
getting this one in the fairway is a must to avoid the canyon left .	在公平公平公平中获得这一点 , 必须避免加仑离开 。
the little mermaid is one of anderson's more moving fairytales .	小梅玛德是安德森更多的运动公平家之一 。
as soon as the baby cormorant breaks the eggs , it is watched by damin himself .	就像婴儿的腐败一样很快就会破坏鸡蛋 , 它被大卫看起来 。
chinese translations shall be attached to the documents and forms done in foreign languages .	中国翻译应该被附加到外语中文和形式 。
navy blue is a trusted colour and gives us confidence , " lindsay said . "	李德萨说: " 海军蓝色是一个信任的颜色 , 给我们信心 。 "
except it's difficult to analyze the genes of the extinct mosasaurs .	除了对现有的mosaursaurs的基因进行分析 。
therefore , collectivity design on the underwater ship hull cleaning robot is finished .	因此 , 完成了水下船壳清洗机器人收集性设计 。
grasp planning is the most important subject of the masterslave dexterous hand grasping .	grasp规划是主人解决决决决决策略的重要主题 。
using the latest technologies and procedures in manufacturing , officemanagement and design .	采用最新技术和工艺 , 制造、办公管理和设计 。
returns the zerobased index of the item at the specified coordinates .	在指定的协调中 , 返回了基于零的指标 。
he extended along to see an outside and started to grip a duck leg to bite all alone .	他沿着看到外面 , 开始把一只鸭腿咬到一只鸭子里 。
chanel's dedication to the apparel industry will never be forgotten by people of the world .	通道对服装行业的绝望永远不会被世界人忘记 。
some discussions concerning the application and selected method of power line carrier equipment are also given .	给出了关于电力线载体设备的应用和选择方法 。
a soa is an enterprisescale it architecture for linking resources on demand .	soa是一个企业规模it架构 , 用于链接资源的需求 。
total firsttime enrolment of international graduate students rose 12 per cent this year .	今年 , 国际大学毕业生总数上升了12% 。
the soviet commitment to the destruction of capitalism is not purely ritualistic and proforma .	资本主义破坏的苏联承诺并非纯粹的理想主义和表现 。
the town of lunenburg just like tongli is also a world cultural heritage site .	lunenburg的城市也是一座世界文化遗产网站 。
in this paper , a kind of new catalysts for olefins hydroformylation was studied .	本文研究了一种新型的催化剂 , 用于氧化氢化氢化物的催化剂 。
finally , the key issues for future development and solving strategies were discussed .	最后 , 讨论了未来发展和解决策略的关键问题 。
objective to study the protective effects of pts on focal cerebral ischemia in rats .	目的探讨ptts对大鼠焦虑脑缺血的保护作用 。
ftlauderdalesun — stark contrast to the violent and swift water of the beach .	ftlauderdaleun的星星与海滩的暴力和漂浮水相比 。
tarpaulin , can be seen everywhere in china and is said not only very unique landscape .	塔尔帕林 , 可以看到中国各地的地方 , 说不仅是非常独特的景观 。
a deep change is coming and it aims to transform several life phellolosophelloes .	深度的变化正在到来 , 它旨在转换几个生命的phlololosophellosophellolosophlolosophlololosophlolololosophlo
during the summer months , mice will generally live outside and remain contended there .	在夏季的几个月里 , 小鼠一般生活在外面 , 仍然坚持在那里 。
the key to making a skidded parallel turn is the controlled sideslip .	使滑雪并行的关键是控制侧滑的关键 。
the next step is to instantiate the runtime wires that connect the components .	下一步是实现连接组件的运行时线的运行时线 。
one free draft beer for purchasing draft beer at lunch time in de bistro .	一个免费的抽屉啤酒在午餐时间购买的啤酒啤酒 。
the judge told the prisoner the jury had acquitted him of the charge of bigamy .	法官告诉监狱官 , 陪审员已经收到了他的负责 。
the six u . s . schools have awarded more than 2 , 250 degrees here .	美国六所学校在这里获得了超过2 , 250个学位 。
these attacks must stop and so must the smuggling of weapons into gaza .	这些攻击必须停止 , 所以必须把武器的武器吸入加沙 。
i am very satisfied , from 2001 to the present the past few years amounted to more than live .	我非常满意 , 从2001年到过去几年里 , 到现在的几年里 , 到了过去的生活 。
figure 4: mapping the various abd workflows across several projects	图4:在几个项目中映射各种abd工作流程 。
the medieval worlds in its everyday transactions , had never insisted upon ready money .	中世纪的世界每天都在交易中 , 从来没有坚持准备金钱 。
you cannot abuse and torture people and expect to get results that are accurate and credible .	你不能滥用和耐磨人士 , 希望得到准确和可信的结果 。
clark's sgmls is the most widelyused sgml parser in the world .	克拉克的sgmls是世界上最广泛的sgml解析器 。
" look , nanny , perfume , " eleanor holds up a bottle of cologne .	" 看 , 南妮 , 香水 , " eleanor拥有一瓶cologone 。
have you ever tried to answer questions like these , either for yourself or for someone else ?	你曾经试图回答这样的问题 , 就像这些问题 , 或者你自己或其他人 ?
the catalog contains the latest releases of projects and their descriptions .	这个目录包含最新发布的项目和其描述 。
it sets out tax policy for the year . since 1997 there has also been a prebudget report .	自1997年以来 , 今年建立了税收政策 。 自1997年以来 , 还有一份预算报告 。
objective to establish the qualitative identification methods of ninxin capsules .	目的建立ninxin胶囊的质量鉴定方法 。
objective: to set up the fast immune method in detecting ureaplasma urealyticum .	目的:建立快速免疫法检测尿浆尿管分析法 。
he al ays makes full preparations for his classes and corrects our home ork carefully .	他的亚历人为他的班级做好完全准备 , 仔细地准备我们的家务 。
lady gaga: for halloween i'm going to be...a little monster ! ! ! !	女士gaga:为了哈莱坞 , 我会是......那个小怪物 ! !
and the living creatures ran and returned as the appearance of a flash of lightning .	生活生物的出现是一片闪烁的灯光的出现 。
we caught up with a variety of lawyers and legal academics on the deal .	我们以各种法律家和法律学家在交易上采取了一系列的办法 。
when poissons ratio is zero , tile exact solution of displacement is obtained .	利用poissonsson比为零时 , 得出了位移的精确解决方案 。
affects a maximum of 5 friendly targets and 5 enemy targets .	影响5个友好的目标和5个敌人目标的最大目标 。
he apparently expected to see only lattesipping , scriptwriting spectators .	他显然希望只能看到晚期ipping , 脚本写作谱 。
it's a smile , a rather dorky smile , but there's a smile .	这是个微笑 , 一个相当的多尔基微笑 , 但是有一个微笑 。
minimizes penetration , which may help prevent burnthrough on thin materials .	最小化惩罚 , 可能有助于防止燃烧在薄材料上 。
the state space equation of rigidflexible coupled isolation system is established .	建立了刚性耦合分离系统的状态空间方程 。
her louboutin ankle boots provide that highfashion edge she's become famous for .	她的路板踝靴子提供了高时尚的边缘 , 她已经成为著名的 。
high cortisol levels can affect sleep , weight and immune resistance .	高固醇水平可以影响睡眠、重量、免疫阻力 。
resultsincidence rate of psychological problems was 15 . 79% in the editors ;	结果心理问题的发生率为15.79% ;
our publication house plans to publish a series of modern versions of the classics .	我们的出版社计划出版一系列现代版本的古典版本 。
made out of chestnut wood , and all the blocks and cleats are made out of cherry wood .	由切割木制成 , 所有的块和清洁的木制成 , 由樱桃木制成 。
his artwork has been compiled into the series collected art work of jao tsungi .	他的艺术作品已经被编译成了一系列收集的艺术作品 。
if you run into crocodiles , just kick them with your boots . you want to catch me up ?	如果你跑进了鳄鱼 , 只要用你的靴子打击他们 , 你想抓住我吗 ?
when you’re enjoying what you do , you’re more likely to do it well and to be successful .	当你喜欢你做的时候 , 你更可能做得很好 , 做得很成功 。
their insights were invaluable to me in putting the " how to " parts of these posts together .	他们的注意力对我来说 , " 如何 " 这些邮件的部分都是不可价值的 。
this can be made a skip test to try to ping localhost if apache is in the process list .	如果apache在过程列表中 , 这可以做到一个skip测试来尝试在ping当地主机 。
tom: that is weird . if every comment was left at 2:08 , it must be a clue .	汤姆:这是我们的 , 如果每个评论都在2:08左右 , 那么它必须是一个关键 。
andrew feustel , an astronaut , got soap in his eye and started tearing up .	安德鲁·费斯特尔 , 一名宇航员 , 他的眼睛里得到了肥皂 , 开始撕裂 。
experimentation proved that tdd digital handset is feasible in technology .	实验证明 , tdd数字手机在技术上可行 。
we will provide you some inquiry or reference about view , food , residence during the journey .	我们将提供一些关于看法、食品、居住在旅途中提供一些查询或参考 。
enrico letta of the democratic party of the left said the violence must be deplored .	左派的民主党的恩里奥·卡塔说 , 暴力必须被删除 。
joe:well , it's a ...ok . let me teach you . one plus one equals two .	乔:好吧 , 这是个...好吧 。 让我教你 , 另一个等于两个 。
this paper makes a further development on the basis of the study made by the traditional grammarians .	本文以传统语法学家的研究为基础 , 提出了进一步的发展 。
reference:help improve . . . . therefore , it is in the basic interestes of all chinese .	参考:help改进 。 因此 , 是中国的基本利益 。
this moment will nap , you will have a dream ; but this moment study , you will interpret a dream .	这个时刻 , 你会有梦想 , 但这时候 , 你会解释梦想 。
like i mentioned , you can also use " i want to " to ask if you may do something indirectly .	就像我提到的那样 , 你也可以使用 " 我想要 " 问你是否可以直接做一些事情 。
i did ask and the guy said he was neg and only ever played safe but hadnt been tested in over a year .	我问了 , 这个男人说他是坏的 , 只有一年都没有测试过 。
thee guy replies , " oh , that was his mother . she wanted him tobe a doctor . " "	" 哦 , 这是他的母亲 , 她希望他是个医生 。 "
well it is a watch but it is a steampunk watch and that is what makes all the difference .	嗯 , 这是一个看法 , 但它是一张蒸汽的看法 , 这就是让所有的差异 。
butterflies , flying around della , said , " can you smell the spring in the air ?	德拉亚周围飞行的蝴蝶 , 说: " 你能在空中闻到春天吗 ?
i swear to god . i'll throw you out of this house and never look at you again !	我对上帝誓言 , 我会把你从这个房子里扔出来 , 从不再看你 !
every time you touch your face , you're oepositing dirt and oil , which can clog pores .	每次你触摸你的脸 , 你都在吃脏和油 , 可以登录孔 。
the premium line will be designed by tara members , and include their writing and pictures .	前提线将由塔拉成员设计 , 包括他们的写作和图片设计 。
if an amount is not stated in the appendix to tender this sub clause shall not apply .	如果一个数量不在附加x中指出 , 应当不申请这个子条款 。
and ebay claims it does a better job of preventing fraud than other payment services .	而ebay则声称 , 预防诈骗的工作比其他支付服务更好 。
correlation of different tnm stages in the overall correlation coefficient is0 . 569 .	不同的tnm阶段在整体相关系数是0.569 。
if you give up the right , anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law .	如果你放弃权利 , 你所说的任何东西都可以用来反对你在法律法庭的法庭 。
at the same time . the interference in the detection caused by the presence of m50 alkyl...	同时 , 由m50天空存在的m50天空的检测引起的干扰 。
may you remain strong and continue praying for us , most honoured and reverent lord .	愿你依旧坚强 , 继续祈祷我们 , 大多数荣誉 , 耶和华 。
you can also design your own modules , so webmin can always be adapted to fit your needs .	您还可以设计自己的模块 , 因此webmin总是可以适应您的需求 。
the dialer makes out going phone calls on the pc with a usb phone or headset .	经销商把电话打电话叫做 , 用usb电话或头部的电话 。
we want to try to solve problems that have troubled our nations and our relationship for decades .	我们希望能够解决我们国家的问题 , 几十年来我们的关系 。
there are many many ways round it , i think that at every occasion we need to look for the best fingering .	有许多方式 , 我认为每一次我们都需要寻找最好的手指 。
finally , when she turned fortyfive years old , she found the courage to walk away .	最后 , 当她转了四十五岁的时候 , 她发现了勇气去走 。
there is nothing more damaging than not having a single question at the end of an interview .	在采访结束的结束中 , 没有任何更多的损坏 , 就不会有一个单个问题 。
sundress in chiffon with adjustable shoulder straps and layered sweep .	雪佛龙的时候 , 有可调节的肩带和层面的汗水 。
in addition , bba could increase the expression of hsp60 at 12 h after sn lesion .	此外 , bba在sn病变后可以增加hsp60的表达 。
merrie shook her head . “i don’t think they’ve figured out yet how to live . ”	默里把她的头子拍了 , " 我不认为他们还没想到如何生活 。 "
the second newly confirmed case was a 23yearold man from bogor , west java .	第二个新证实的案件是一名来自波格尔的23岁男子 , 西杰瓦 。
single flagship product with potential integrations to other aspects of the sccm suite	单个旗舰产品具有潜在的集成到其它方面的scm套件的其他方面 。
i'm carl azuz , welcome to a new week of cnn student news .	我是卡尔·阿兹 , 欢迎来到一个新星期的cnn学生新闻 。
last time john flow to hong kong he was so ill he had to use the airsickness bag .	上次约翰流到香港 , 他太病了 , 他必须用空病袋 。
when i got it out of the trash , it was covered in soggy , sticky garbage .	当我从垃圾里走出来时 , 它被覆盖在蛋糕里 , 粘着垃圾 。
listen to the reports , know the landscape , plug your ears , and go on ahead .	听到报告 , 了解了景观 , 把耳朵插在耳朵上 , 走 。
lest the lord see it , and it displease him , and he turn away his wrath from him .	把耶和华看见他 , 把他放弃 , 把他从他那里转去 。
plg and antibiotic group exhibited significantly lower scores than others .	plg和抗生素组表现明显低于其他人 。
if they do something good , no matter how small , celebrate like they just landed on the moon !	如果他们做的事情很好 , 不管怎么样小 , 庆祝他们只是在月球上登上了 !
idiographic type , each technical parameter , please call oremail !	图形类型 , 每个技术参数 , 请打电话邮件 !
there's someone who loves you far more than you know with a love that kee growing as days come and go .	有些人喜欢你们的爱 , 远远远超过你知道自己的爱 , 就像每天的日子一样生长 。
globalisation is a catchall to describe increased international trade .	全球化是描述国际贸易的捕获者之一 。
use the " i'm frustrated " pattern to express yourself when you feel stifled ,	使用 " 我被破坏 " 模式表达自己时 , 当你感到僵化的时候 , 就会表达自己 。
my parents speak and act like " old children " , often make people laugh .	我父母说话 , 像 " 老孩子 " 这样的行为 , 常常让人笑 。
buffalo has offered many insights into the human dance in the materials we have shared .	在我们共享的材料中 , 布法洛提供了许多注意力 。
the u . s . emerged from the grueling 20072009 recession just over two years ago .	美国在2007-2009年刚刚刚刚刚刚出现了两年前的衰退 。
kneed for 10 minutes and set aside in a large bowl until double in size .	膝盖10分钟 , 放在大碗里 , 直到大小两倍 。
her children vetoed the idea , saying mr . diez just wants her money .	她的孩子们对这个想法说 , 迪兹先生只是想要她的钱 。
things between us you can't hide , a stranger's hand weighs upon your mind .	我们之间的东西不能隐藏 , 一位陌生人手重在你的心里 。
however , when the snow continued to the south sala , has become a disaster .	然而 , 当雪继续到南沙拉的时候 , 已经变成灾难 。
here is the reddest rose in all the world . you will wear it tonight next your heart .	这里是世界上最红色的玫瑰 , 你今晚将穿上它 , 下面的心里 。
love is our true destiny . we do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone .	爱是我们真正的命运 , 我们不会通过自己独自找到生命的意义 。
out of his trance jim seemed quickly to wake . he enfolded his della .	他的悲伤似乎很快就醒来了 。 他把他的戴拉放在了 。
the breed is only one in a gallery of bizarre variations of the common goldfish .	这种种子只是在一幅普通金鱼的花园里 , 只有一幅花园里的变化 。
ceaselessly musing , venturing , throwing , seeking the spheres to connect them .	毫无疑问的音乐 , 雕塑 , 扔 , 寻找蜘蛛连接它们 。
how can a side , the spot asked zhu xiaoshui is a small shewolf .	如何一边 , 这个地点问朱晓淑是个小羊毛 。
dragons are terrifying and aweinspiring as they take wing and breathe fire .	龙正在恐怖 , 呼吸着翅膀 , 呼吸着火 。
but your precious hours are probably better spent thinking about whether you like your date .	但是你的珍贵小时可能会更好地花费在考虑你是否喜欢你的日期 。
yet others advertise their services – known as escort services – on the internet .	然而 , 其他人广告他们的服务 , 称为scortrt服务在互联网上 。
if they add artificial intelligence , we can find out if the device is happy as a clam .	如果他们增加了人工智能 , 我们可以发现设备是否很高兴 , 那么设备是否很高兴 。
in addition , 2/84 cases could not be detected by rsca for their poor pcr results .	此外 , 2/84例rsca不能被rsca检测到 , 可用于较差的pcr结果 。
i'll live my life apart from you , just glimpsing you across the sky .	我将住在你身边 , 只要在天空里跳过你 。
people , but i don't know , at the same time , i think people are really interested in what they're doing .	人们 , 但我也不知道 , 同时我觉得人们对他们做的事情非常感兴趣 。
greek , made in athens , 510 – 490 bc , from vulci , italy .	希腊 , 在雅典 , 510-490英亩 , 来自维尔奇 , 意大利 。
this not only recite a long time , will be known to the " cooked " to " fine " , as i can .	这并不仅是重新兴起的时间 , 将被称为 " 烹饪 " 到 " 好 " , 就像我可以 。
young plants of the wheat and the grass were the best to feed the nymphae .	小麦和草的年轻植物是最好的喂养nympha 。
nowadays as more and more people study abroad , the returnees are not so popular as before .	如今 , 越来越多的人学习国外 , 返回并不如以前所受欢迎 。
however , eventually the crowds tire of him and he gets bored just swinging on tires .	然而 , 最终 , 人群在他身上的疲倦 , 他只是在轮胎上骑着 。
as we all know the opium war in 1840 china began to the modernization of humiliation .	正如我们所有人都知道 , 中国在1840年开始到现代化的中国战争 。
jeb wilkinson: a man has only one life time . but history can remember you forever .	杰比·威尔金森:一个人只有一个生命时间 , 但历史只能记住你永远 。
the heat then propels the seawater back up through the crust , where it meets colder water .	然后 , 热将海水从崩溃中恢复起来 , 会遇到冷水 。
david k . cohen's teaching and its predicaments takes on that paradox .	大卫k.科恩的教学和教学预测是在那个公园上采取的 。
in late 1970s , some npos have realized that marketing may be helpful to reach their goal .	在1970年代末 , 一些npos已经认识到市场可能有助于达到他们的目标 。
crop scientist jess lowenbergdeboer says this helps local farmers relate to them .	作物科学家jsoenbergdeboer说 , 这帮助当地农民与他们有关 。
say , " mary is my friend , and it makes me feel bad to hear you talk this way . "	说: " 玛丽是我的朋友 , 让我觉得很坏 , 听到你讲话 。 "
nitrate was the mainly form of dissolved inorganic nitrogen in zhelin bay .	硝酸氮是锌湾溶解无机氮的主要形式 。
consider purchasing a hepa filter to remove the greatest amount of allergens .	考虑购买一只肝过滤器去除绝大量的所有器官 。
if you decide to have a more featurerich database later , you will have to change the code in your application .	如果你决定有更多特性的数据库后 , 您必须在应用程序中改变代码 。
one day , when they do find time to stop to smell the flowers , it might be too late .	一天 , 当他们找到时间停止闻到花朵的时候 , 可能太晚了 。
kra could not be applied to uncertain data directly because uncertain data has probability .	kra不能直接应用于不确定的数据 , 因为不确定的数据具有概率 。
please send your resumes , expected salary and photos to address by post .	请发送您的回报 , 预期薪水和照片通过邮件发送 。
li bai said there is a place near the hot springs , is an excellent place to cultivate .	李白说 , 在热泉附近有一个地方 , 是一个很好的地方培养 。
but perhaps you'd like to see it in hires on a huge screen ? maybe in 3d ?	但是可能你想在大屏幕上看到它吗 ? 可能在3d里 ?
he kept his strong and vigorous mien . the water bottle in his bag wobbled .	他保持强烈的和强烈的米林 , 水瓶在他的袋子里被咬了 。
as logistics sites , cities are of higher risk of harmful biological invasion .	随着物流网站 , 城市的危险更高 。
in joint offense has transitional form of crimes , also exists surplus behavior .	在联合防御的过渡形式中 , 还存在了更多的行为 。
in certain circumstances the capabilities of a human observer are limited .	在某些情况下 , 人们的观察器的能力有限 。
careful examination of the orings confirmed that there was no blowby whatsoever .	仔细的检查证实 , 无论是什么都没有吹嘘 。
most of the time this will apply to cutting up visual designs or helping troubleshoot a bug .	大部分时间 , 这将适用于切断视觉设计或帮助麻烦的时候 。
no matter where i go , yangzhou's snacks will never leave my mind .	不管我去哪里 , 杨州的小蛇不会留下我的心 。
the increasing speed of internet connections is the main reason for the fastgrowth .	互联网连接的增加速度是快速增长的主要原因 。
here's hoping that more of his work gets translated into english . and soon , please !	这里希望他的作品更多地翻译成英语 。 很快 , 请 !
representation of cancer in the medical literature a bibliometric analysis	医学文献中癌症的表现表现为生物学分析 。
the mayfly is to trout fly fishing , what the microchip is to the personal computer .	可能的飞行是把飞行捕捞 , 微芯片是对个人计算机的 。
we pissed our teacher off again today , horsing around and acting up .	今天我们的老师们又一次把我们的老师打开 , 把我们的老师打起来 。
the findings of physical examination correlated with the different nerve root deficits .	与不同神经根缺陷相关的物理检查结果相关 。
disabling , refractory knee pain that meets both of the following criteria .	破坏 , 折射性膝痛 , 满足以下标准的两者 。
village environment safety is beautiful and clean , vegetation is rich !	村庄环境安全优美 , 清洁 , 蔬菜丰富 !
you can air dry sports bras to prolong the life of the moisturewicking fabrics .	您可以空气干燥的体育勇敢 , 以延长水画面料的生活 。
chill winter didn't affect the trend of outbreak of summer and fall .	寒冷的冬天并没有影响夏季的出现趋势和秋季的影响 。
in xikang , for instance , a number of problems have cropped up in this field .	例如 , 在西康 , 许多问题已经在这个领域中作业了 。
minute fragments of shoot apices are proverbially difficult to culture .	几分钟的拍摄指标是很难文化的 。
a tipical reset technique for five transistors active pixel is proposed .	提出了一种用于五个交易器活性pixel的尖端恢复技术 。
well , the answer is simple , the answer is found using a counterexample .	嗯 , 答案简单 , 使用对比例来找到答案 。
objective: nutrients in northern hibiscus syriacus are determined .	目的:测定北hibicusyricus的营养物 。
burning fire dragon in huanglongxi dated back to the southern song dynasty .	黄龙中烧火龙回到南宋时期 。
cu sidhe are huge , dark green fay hounds from the land of ever young .	cusidhe是个巨大的 , 黑绿色的家伙 , 从年轻的土地里来 。
print a machine parsable list of features the specified plugin provides .	打印一个机器可解析列表 , 指定的插件提供了指定的插件 。
the chinese traditional culture is kind of material form of the chinese thinking , speaking and operating .	中国传统文化是中国思维、讲话和操作的一种材料形式 。
the workers were frequently beaten and were forced to live in prisonlike conditions .	工人经常被迫在监狱类似条件下生活 。
an entrylevel position in sales . eventual goal: manager of marketing department .	销售中一个进口级别位置 , 事件目标:营销部经理 。
in the course of our trip , we have learned a great deal in all the places we visited .	在我们的旅行过程中 , 我们已经学习了我们参观的所有地方 。
oh , i went to this beautiful place in italy . it's called tuscany .	哦 , 我去意大利这个美丽的地方 , 叫土斯坦 。
that he might sanctify her , cleansing her by the washing of the water in the word .	那时他也许会撒清她 , 清理她 , 用水洗净她 。
how does ability overcome my old selfabased psychology ? very irritated !	如何克服我的老人自我欺骗心理 ? 非常激动 !
there's less than two weeks to go until the start of the shenzhen universiade .	直到深圳大学开始 , 直到两个星期内 , 直到深圳大学开始 。
rub the cream , for heating , which is more easily absorbed by the skin .	橡胶 , 用于加热 , 更容易被皮肤吸收 。
the hexapede staggers . it stands , its muscles spasming , then falls over .	赫克斯帕德的球员 , 站在一起 , 音乐跳跃 , 然后摔倒了 。
to get myself to actually do , my favorite trick is the 50 minutes rule .	为了让自己实际上去做 , 我最喜欢的是50分钟的尝试是规则 。
the next step would be to add the such systems to subways in major metropolitan areas .	下一个步骤将是添加这样的系统 , 将在主要的地铁地区 。
in old china , eighty per cent of the children received no formal education .	在中国古老的中国 , 8%的儿童收到了没有正式的教育 。
my dad was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in the prime of hellos life .	我的爸爸被诊断在海洛生命总理的多个硬化病 。
these projects showed the wisdom and innovativeness of the participating students .	这些项目显示了参与学生的智慧和创新性 。
tour montparnasse , with 209 meters the second highest in europe , paris .	游客蒙特帕纳斯 , 209米 , 在巴黎第二个最高的欧洲巴黎 。
during the month the house was under repair , we lived with our cousins next door .	几个月 , 房子在修理之下 , 我们住在我们的房子里 。
the news isn't all bad , according to an accompanying editorial .	新闻并不全是坏的 , 根据一份符合编辑辑的报道 。
an object of the present invention is to miniaturize a circuit board connector .	本发明的一个对象是微小化电路板连接器 。
uzma mehboob worked as a program manager when the shelter was for women .	uzmamehboobb作为一个程序经理 , 当她为妇女工作时 , uzmamehboob作为一个程序经理 。
the paper gives an introduction to the research and produce of the product of base wallpaper .	介绍了基础墙纸产品的研究和生产方法 。
we substituted red balls for blue balls , to see if the baby could notice .	我们把红球替换成蓝球 , 看看孩子是否能注意到的 。
the great will of combating the yushu earthquake continuously inspired me .	伟大的战斗将不断地震战斗 , 连续激励我 。
this is because the outer cuticle layer of the hair fiber is broken and flaked .	这是因为头发纤维的外部古典层被破碎 , 是因为头发纤维的外层 。
compound of protease , amylase , diastatic enzyme , mannase etc .	蛋白酶、氨酸、糖尿酶、糖尿酶等复合物 。
has destroyed argentina's 5 " the super colors " the attack airplane .	已经摧毁了阿根廷的5个 " 超级彩色 " 的袭击飞机 。
stress shelter of iesn was less than that of intramedullary interlocking nail .	同时 , 铁的应力剪切比英国内部相互锁钉的应力小 。
this furnace is used at the anshan iron and steel co . as demonstration furnace .	本炉是在安山铁和钢铁中使用的 , 作为示范炉 。
china's reform on the election system of presiding judge has been implemented for 5 years .	中国对总统审判制度的改革实施了5年的改革 。
feel the body relax , feel the tenseness disappear , but do not fall asleep .	感觉身体放松 , 感觉紧张消失 , 但不会睡眠 。
after about 6 months of silence , there have been some significant updates .	在大约6个月的沉默之后 , 有一些显著的更新 。
they at once take up their nephews' cause , free them , and kill their guards .	他们曾经拿起他们的网络的原因 , 免费他们 , 杀死他们的卫兵 。
quest , question , there is no coincidence that there is an etymological link between the two .	疑问 , 疑问 , 两者之间存在着一个典型的联系 。
the reason behind this is that it makes the products seem to have higher protein levels .	后面的原因是 , 产品似乎有较高的蛋白水平 。
azo is deposited by electronic beam evaporation on the k9 substrates .	采用电子束蒸发在k9基础上进行电子束蒸发 。
a polling station is where i vote and is listed on my elector information card .	一个调查站是我投票的地方 , 被列入我的电子信息卡上 。
pvc insulated and pvc sheathed fine steel wire armoured power cables .	pvc绝缘和pvc密封的精密钢丝弧电缆 。
the membrane technology has been widely used in the water treatment industry .	膜技术已广泛应用于水处理工业中 。
when the tank is filled , it will fill in all the gaps and pull the plastic tight .	当坦克填充时 , 它将填充所有的空间 , 并将塑料紧缩 。
in the marmoset kitchen , peter prepares the monkeys' daily menu .	在马尔摩塞厨房里 , 彼得准备猴子日常菜单 。
gold apt to look for in the world , human world bosom friend difficult to seek .	金apt寻找世界 , 人类的世界老板朋友难以寻找 。
the paper also describes descaling scheme , control conditions and cleaning results .	文章还描述了模拟方案、控制条件和清理结果 。
my recommendation is to choose one of these activities , most days of the week .	我的建议是选择这些活动之一 , 大部分是每周的时间 。
the theory of tidal friction is the concern of dynamic oceanography .	潮摩擦理论是动态异常的关键 。
the excited o_2 molecule oxidizes a free radical in the solvent .	激动的o2分子氧化了溶剂中自由基 。
jenna: an australian accused a chinese restaurant of cooking koalas .	詹娜:澳大利亚人指责中国餐馆烹饪科拉斯 。
the homotopy operator of difference complex is an important result .	差异复杂的同步操作符是一个重要结果 。
well , if i had the option , i would really like to go to grad school for linguistics .	好的 , 如果我有这个选项 , 我真的想要去学校的语言学校 。
they found that individuals have reduced selfconcept clarity after a breakup .	他们发现 , 在突破之后 , 个人已经减少自我概念清晰度 。
tonight tis zhichunlu warm air of new insect sound through the green screens .	今晚的组织通过绿色屏幕透过新昆虫的温暖空气 。
the rotating slip ring is insulated from the shaft by a laminated plastic bushing .	旋转滑环由拉伸塑料的塑料冲刷而绝缘 。
while arousing more , then such as mercury xian ground , the glory yi shoot ;	尽管更多的时候 , 比如梅克里xian地面 , 荣耀yi拍摄 ;
preparation of manpower , funds and materials for rescue and disaster relief ;	制备人力、资金和资金 , 为救援和灾难救济 ;
this painting is of no use to draw the shades of images of light distribution .	这幅画并没有用来绘制光分布的形象 。
the candidates will received their test report forms with one month after they finished their test .	候选人在完成测试后将接受他们的测试报告表格 。
when disturbed , the fish inflates itself and becomes globular in form .	当被扰乱的时候 , 鱼自身就变成全球的形式 。
content schematics show concise pictures of what makes a data structure big .	内容模式显示了如何使数据结构大的图片 。
its nine points are numbered 100 through 900 for easy citation and reference .	其九个点是通过900个方便的引用和参考 , 数量为100个 。
i'd love to stay later , but my mom would pitch a fit i'm not home by 10 .	我很喜欢晚些时候呆 , 但我妈妈妈妈妈会把我不会回家了10岁 。
and when you go there , the first thing you think is " oh my god , this place is amazing . "	当你去那里的时候 , 你认为的第一件事就是 " 哦 , 这个地方是令人惊讶的 。 "
she realised then that horrific sexual violence was taking place in every village round goma .	她意识到 , 恐怖的性暴力在每个村庄周围的村庄里都发生了地方 。
in time , maybe two weeks , you'll be ready for a sight and a target .	时候 , 也许两个星期 , 你会准备好看一下 , 一个目标 。
the character of dividing frequency of granite double fractal is discussed also .	讨论了颗粒双分形的分形频率的特点 。
pro: the report based on high resolution image component would be printed in high quality .	高分辨率图像组件的报告将被印刷在高质量上 。
love does not consist in gazing at each other but looking forward together in the same direction .	爱情并不一致 , 彼此不一致 , 但期待在同一方向中共同发展 。
city is a big source of geo environmental polution and its victim as well .	城市是地球环境污染的重要来源 , 以及其受害者 。
so what should i do ? actually i lied , by the way , when i said the answer was over there .	所以我应该做什么呢 ? 实际上我躺在那里 , 当我说答案在那里 。
we would quickly find out that our presentation was doomed before we ever set foot into the meeting .	我们会很快发现 , 我们的演讲在我们曾经设置足球之前 , 我们的演讲是完成的 。
walnut creek is just outside oakland , loves apple products , and has great internet .	沃尔丁·克里克只是在奥克兰外面 , 爱苹果产品 , 还有很大的互联网 。
they tend to forage out into the gulf , where the oil is dominating the seascape , " he says .	他说 , 他们往往往往往往向海湾挖掘 , 石油正在挖掘海水 。
this test is interesting because stringbuffers are optimized for performing fast appends .	这个测试很有趣 , 因为字符串缓冲区优化了执行快捷的应用程序 。
then you can you create helpful checklists or other articles as pdfs that people can download .	然后 , 你可以创建有帮助的检查列表或其他文章 , 因为人们可以下载的pdfs 。
" if you wait for things to be perfect , you're going to wait a long time .	" 如果你等待事情完美 , 你会等待很长时间等待 。
view the people who have access to the site you’ll be on the people . aspx page .	看看你在人群上有访问的人们 , 你将会在人群上 。 aspx页面 。
your eyes show sternness , but more kindness and care . thank you for me feel important .	你的眼睛显得很稳定 , 但更多的善良 , 感谢你对我感到非常重要 。
in some cases , yes , but the inherent skepticism lives on , experts say .	专家说 , 在某些情况下 , 是的 , 是的 , 但是内在的怀疑主义生活在一起 。
1967 suharto takes over from sukarno to become president of indonesia .	1967年苏拉托从苏卡诺成为印尼西亚总统 。
not only can walking fish live out of water but they can also travel short distances over land .	不仅可以从水中走出鱼 , 而且它们也可以在土地上旅行短距离 。
the boy dropped the apples he had stolen and cut away across the orchard .	这个男孩把苹果扔掉了 , 他已经偷走了 , 把苹果切掉在沙漠里 。
as a new method , ree tracer technique has been widely used in soil erosion research .	作为一种新的方法 , 应用于土壤侵蚀研究中得到了广泛应用 。
they also converted one species of bacterium into another through a “genome transplant” .	他们还把细菌转换成另一个 " 基因移植 " 的细菌 。
it compares well enough with my nikon 50mm f1 . 4 at max aperture .	与我的nikon50mmf1.4相比 , 我的nikon50mmf1.4相比 。
reducing the date rate by onehalf will double the duration of each symbol interval .	减少每个符号间隔的时间 , 每个符号间隔的时间 。
" then why are you crying ? " asks the bird . " you are making me wet ! "	" 那么你为什么哭呢 ? " 问那只鸟儿 , " 你正在哭泣 ! "
since then 16 years , the war stretches continuously , but are relatively small .	自从那时16年以来 , 战争不断延续 , 但相对较小 。
i'm actually a little bit sad because i really like michigan state university .	我实际上有点悲伤 , 因为我真的像米歇根州立大学一样 。
the competition : “i watch all my competitors closely and with lots of respect .	竞争: " 我看到所有竞争对手密切 , 很多尊重 。 "
but dobby had to come . dobby has to protect harry potter . to warn him .	但是 , 多比要来 。 多比要保护哈利·波特 , 要告诉他 。
ben had it out with his roommate about coming back home so late and making a lot of noise .	本曾经和他的房间一起回到家 , 这样晚些时候 , 还有很多噪音 。
when the language in literature is artful , i would choose to read every word .	当文学中的语言是艺术的时候 , 我会选择每个字都读 。
and a lawless afghanistan could again become alqaeda’s base .	一个无法律的阿富汗可以再次成为基地组织的基地 。
also , all of my teammates were courteous , kind and available in the dressing room .	另外 , 我所有的队友都是勇敢的、勇敢的、善良的服装室 。
we have to exclude certain causes , like suicide , in the case of life insurance .	我们必须排除某些原因 , 如自杀 , 在生命保险案件中 , 我们必须排除某些原因 。
i love tuktuks , the motoring equivalent of putting your head in a blender .	我喜欢tuktutututututututututuktk , 等于把头放在一个混合器中 。
you can make water roll off guo's metals by tilting them less than five degrees .	你可以把水滚出郭的金属 , 把它们转换成五个程度 。
maggie said , 'i know , but it's only a year and a half away from graduating .	马吉说 , " 我知道 , 只有一年 , 只有一半的毕业生 。
even when seeking only a casual liaison , do not go out dressed like an unmade bed .	即使在寻找一只残酷的丽莎松 , 不要穿着像个不制造的床子 。
it arrived on plastic plates with the meat dropping off the bone by the handful .	它在塑料板上用肉滴下来 , 用手柄把骨滴下来 。
botos forage among flooded trees for fish , crabs , and turtles .	植物为鱼、蟹类和龟类之间的洪水树之间的植物 。
boilers not replaced by 2030 would need to be modified to meet the new regulations .	锅炉2030年不需要修改 , 以满足新的规定 。
our lives will be filled with joy and hope and all the blessings god wants for us .	我们的生活将充满欢乐和希望 , 所有的祝福神都希望我们 。
last year we had 30 mayors from the chongqing area in my city of chattanooga .	去年 , 我们从重庆市的重庆市长达30个市长 。
after all , it doesn’t matter what you have access to if you can’t read it .	毕竟 , 如果你不能读到的话 , 就不会有什么访问 。
they are selfconfident and have strong opinions on a variety of issues .	他们是自信的 , 在各种问题上有很强的意见 。
designating who ihr contact points at the headquarters or the regional level ;	指导ihr联系点在头部或地区水平上或地区水平上 ;
i think we're in for a longer trend of either malaise or just a down channel .	我觉得我们是一个更长的趋势 , 或者只是一个下面的通道 。
but the effect is too unspecific and will rarely lead to clearance and seroconversion .	但是 , 这种效果太不特异 , 很少会导致清除和淋巴转换 。
needless to say it's a welcome drenching but it still isn't all that much fun .	无需说这是一个欢迎的梦想 , 但它仍然是很有趣的 。
highback booster seat designed to fit a growing child up to 120 lbs .	高反馈增长者座位设计适合一个生长的孩子到120lbs 。
stone is a gogetter . he'll make an excellent student body president .	石头是一名目标 , 他将做一个优秀的学生身体总统 。
the cause of corrosion and elimination method of 188 stainless steel are discussed .	讨论了188年无锈钢的腐蚀和消除方法的原因 。
she says she's considering reopening once the residents are allowed to move back .	她说她正在考虑重新开放 , 一旦居民被允许搬回来 。
so dust off that old diary , or open up a word document , and try it .	所以把那个旧日记丢掉 , 或者打开一个单词文档 , 然后尝试它 。
proper kgm concentration can keep sphere shape and meet constant release rate .	适当的kgm浓度可以保持空间形状 , 满足常释放率 。
this is a story about michael berrian , a homeless man from newark , new jersey .	这是一个关于迈克尔·贝里亚的故事 , 一个新泽西的无家人 。
and i will feed the flock of slaughter , even you , o poor of the flock .	而且我会喂到奴隶的群块 , 即使你 , 还有你 , 穷的群落 。
download the ps3 otheros installer from sony and save it as otheros . self .	下载ps3其他os安装器从索尼下载并保存它作为其他os.自我 。
a scan of 4337 other cases and 2077 controls yielded the same result .	另外437例扫描和207年的其他病例 , 产生了相同的结果 。
for instance , if your boss is late for your meeting , then you have more time to prepare .	例如 , 如果你的老板迟到会议 , 那么你有更多时间来准备 。
the " she " serial works show the living condition of chinese women of different backgrounds .	" 她 " 系列作品展示了中国女性不同背景的生活状况 。
it mounts just behind your shower head , so you won’t even notice it’s there .	这只是在你的演员头后面 , 所以你甚至不会注意到这里 。
if i could choose between his life and bill gate's life , it's a nobrainer .	如果我可以选择他的生活与比尔盖特的生活之间 , 那么它是一个诺贝尔·盖特的大脑 。
cable has good earthing and bending performance and high electric insulating performance .	电缆具有良好的地球性能和弯曲性能和高电绝缘性能 。
paradoxically , the principle of voluntary join caused a low attendance of farmers .	公园上 , 志愿加入的原则导致农民的注意力较低 。
the cross location is the uppermost location mode for the shipborne microwave oth radar .	交叉位置是船舶微波半径最高位置模式 。
this indicates the general historical trend and this is what the people aspire , which nobody can defy .	这表明 , 总体的历史趋势 , 这是人们所吸引的东西 , 没有人能防御 。
i managed to persuade quite a few people to see me , and i must keep the appointments .	我经常说话很少人看见我 , 我必须保持承诺 。
the control of hydrogen sulfide using biological fixedfilm filter is an economical and effective method .	利用生物固定薄膜滤波器的水性硫化物的控制是一种经济有效的方法 。
different strides of different personalities captured in fullbody shots while strolling in orchard road .	不同的个人在全身拍摄的时候 , 不同的角色 , 同时在荷兰公路上跑步 。
for the employees and between enterprises , the enterprises should be the staff after the first win win .	对于企业和企业之间的员工来说 , 企业应该是第一次赢得后的员工 。
then cics eci connection factory then supplies the connection properties for the cics server .	然后 , cicseci连接工厂 , 为cics服务器提供连接性能 。
bladesystem presents a hierarchical and interrelated infrastructure to the management console .	bladesystem给管理台提供了一个层次的和相关的基础设施 。
qin territory for the late warring states , qin unified china after a county in the north .	秦军在北战争中 , 秦统一中国在北部一县之后 , 秦统一了中国 。
virtualization gives cloud administrators the ability to handle more requests with fewer systems .	虚拟化给云管理员提供了更多的要求 , 可以处理更多的系统请求 。
the answer has got to be this is what the objection says the answer has got to be , obviously not .	答案已经得到了 , 这就是对象说 , 答案已经得到了 , 显然没有 。
methods the ink print of fingerprint and palmar patterns were obtained with informed consent .	方法采用信息相同的方法 , 获得了指纹印刷的印刷印刷印刷印刷和皮尔玛模式 。
the flooding reignites one of the key debates over the construction of the three gorges dam .	洪水重组是三峡大坝建设的关键辩论之一 。
while ea quarter of adults would prefer to live into their 90s somewhat longer than expected .	虽然成年人的四分之一 , 虽然成年人更喜欢生活在90年以上的时间比预期更长 。
for this reason , we continue to remain bearish on indian equities over the intermediateterm trend .	对于这种原因 , 我们仍然继续在印度在中期的趋势下保持承担 。
distance two labeling ( or l—labeling ) is motivated by the channel assignment problem .	距离两个实验室 " 或l-l-----------------------------l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l
bamboo fibre after thorough degreasing , take off sugar , to take off the protein processing .	竹纤维在增长之后 , 吸取糖 , 取消蛋白加工 。
sequence analysis showed that it contained the basic characteristic of primary structure of promoter .	序列分析表明 , 它包含了推广器的主要结构的基本特点 。
the synthesis of carbon nanotubes was conducted in a quartz tube furnace .	采用二氧化碳纳米管的合成方法 , 研究了碳纳米管的合成 。
amethyst assists in learning the frequencies necessary for the transcendence of karma .	甲基斯特帮助学习频率对于卡马的超越 , 学习频率 。
methods the model of alcoholic hepatic disorder was established by feeding alcohol liquor .	方法采用饲料酒精液 , 建立了酒精酒精液的酒精肝疾病模型 。
it assures us a promising season of summer and also the most iportant havvest seasonautum .	保证夏季夏季最重要的季节 , 也是夏季夏季最重要的季节 。
the chlorination equilibrium of cupric oxide has been investigated using the circulation method .	采用循环法研究了沥青氧化物的氯化均衡性能 。
honeypot skill is one of the active defense network security techniques .	蜂窝网络安全技术是一种积极防御网络安全技术之一 。
extensible authentication protocol can support a lot of authentication mechanisms .	可扩展的认证协议可以支持许多认证机制 。
they abused their power and bullied the people , thus arousing intense discontent among the masses .	他们滥用了他们的力量 , 使人民的力量 , 因此在群众中引起强烈的反对 。
however , other file types , from psds to rtfs , are accepted and up and downloadable .	然而 , 其他文件类型从psds到rtfs , 被接受并可下载 。
qian xuesen is one of the greatest scientists who have made great contributions to the science cause .	qianxuesen是科学造成的最大的科学家之一 , 他们对科学造成了巨大的贡献 。
when ed finds out , sam agrees to help the fbi capture several key members of the cartel .	当ed发现的时候 , 萨姆同意帮助fbi捕获了几个关键成员卡特尔的关键成员 。
he was shocked to find his 20yearold daughter wearing them after she returned home from studying in the us .	他被震惊地找到了20岁的女儿 , 她回到美国的学习后 , 穿着他们的女儿 。
lin came back to china in 1925 to work as principal of the beiping state vocational art school .	林回到1925年 , 作为北京国家职业艺术学校的主要工作 。
resultsthe patients were followed up for 312 months . all cases obtained satisfactory results .	结果患者随访312个月 , 所有患者都获得满意的结果 。
then leaning over , paderewski reached down with his left hand and began filling in a bass part .	然后 , 帕德鲁威斯基在左手下达了 , 并开始填充基本部分 。
the former operator appends to the existing file , and the latter overwrites existing content .	前面操作符适用于现有文件 , 后者重新编写现有内容 。
it can be obtained that quantity of the martensitic transformation reduces with the increase of these factors .	可获得马氏体变换数量 , 随着这些因素的增加而降低了数量 。
then the king called in one hundred and eighty maids of honor and ordered sun wu to train them .	然后 , 国王在一百八个名叫做荣誉 , 命令孙武训练他们 。
fuk golden words below to apply the same process for " fu as the east china sea water " font .	福克金字以下 , 用 " 福金字 " 作为中国东海水 " 字 。
rosenberg told the brothers only that the target was a man who had been extorting and threatening him .	罗森伯格告诉弟弟 , 只有那个目标是一个人 , 他曾经被盗窃 , 威胁他 。
afternoon: the queen hosts an official wedding lunch for 650 guests at the palace .	下午:皇后主办了一个正式的婚礼午餐 , 餐厅650名客人在宫里 。
the real right means one right that the country and others shouldn't and have no capability to invade optionally .	真正的权利意味着国家和其他人不应该有一个权利 , 并且不能自动侵犯 。
upon installation , brea will be the largest municipal user of solar power in orange county .	在安装中 , brea将是橘子县最大的太阳能用户 。
as of tuesday , the volcano in iceland was still erupting , though the cloud was lower .	周二 , 冰岛火山仍在爆发 , 尽管云更低 。
helps to even out my skin tone , and hydrates the skin as i have very dry skin .	甚至还有助于把皮肤液化 , 水化皮肤 , 因为我有很干的皮肤 。
convective clouds had come to an end only when the road is sadly maek maek red dust storms .	传统的云朵只有一段时间 , 只有在路上有悲惨的马克红尘暴风雨 。
sooner or later , the wave will come along and knock down what we have worked so hard to build up .	很快或晚些时候 , 波浪就会沿着 , 打击我们所工作的事情 , 所以很难建立 。
a noble professional virtue is in accord with the fundamental interests of the party and the people .	根据党的基本利益和人民的基本利益 , 一个诺贝尔专业的虚拟 。
they could also encourage their employees to donate their time to a local entrepreneurs’ club .	他们也可以鼓励他们的员工捐赠他们的时间来捐赠当地企业家的俱乐部 。
it means that the teams we are matching you against have average mmrs well under 1500 .	这意味着我们正在与你相匹配的团队在1500年下 , 平均在比赛中得到比赛 。
street photographer four wonderful marketing ideas , marketing way to force invincible !	街上摄影师四位美好的市场营销理念 , 营销方法来强化可调 !
expert comment: this little filly will be the star in the short , symmetrical shape .	专家评论:这只小飞行将是星星在短期内 , 对称形状 。
the two women leaned upon the wroughtiron window rail in the shadow of the curtains .	两个女性在城市的阴影中留下了铁窗铁路 。
indoctrination in education is the one of patterns of the great influence of education in west .	教育的产业是西方教育大影响的一个模式之一 。
lewis . a mars rampant with life . a watercovered venus populated with floating , living islands .	路易斯 。 一个火星随着生命的火星 , 一个被人群在浮动、生活的岛上 。
and likewise also james and john , the sons of zebedee , who were partners with simon .	同样 , 同样也是詹姆斯和约翰 , 泽比的儿子 , 与西蒙同伴 。
kwan insisted on into the pioneer battalion , along with ellen pau kill children .	kwan坚持继续进入首都战 , 随着埃伦帕杀死儿童 。
he's getting barraged with new scripts every month from filmmakers across asia .	他每个月都在从亚洲电影制造商的电影制造商中获得了新的脚本 。
they carried banners advocating religious freedom and sang “we shall overcome . ”	他们携带了班纳建议宗教自由和歌唱 " 我们应该克服 " 。
was he simply obeying a sort of instinctive impulse which was obscure even to himself ?	他只是在观察一系列无创性的冲动 , 甚至是对自己来说是不明的呢 ?
the piezoelectricity as the function material is extensive applied in automobile .	作为功能材料的广泛应用于汽车中 。
dobby is a free elf , and dobby has come to save harry potter and his friends !	多比是自由的 , 多比来拯救哈利·波特和他的朋友 !
if encounter without , although fine but can be trapped large prey , tenacity and clinking .	如果遇到不到的话 , 虽然很好 , 但可能会陷入大量的猎物 , 紧张性和闭合性 。
we strolled through the old town and watched a very old house being demolished .	我们穿过旧镇 , 看着一个很古老的房子 , 被拆除了 。
the first thing you see when you walk in the door . our little friends are from anthropologie .	第一件事你看到你在门里走的时候 , 我们的小朋友来自阿罗波学 。
and while some flareups need immediate attention , your involvement isn't always required .	虽然某些旗帜需要立即注意 , 但你的参与并不总是需要 。
price risk arises in nontrading portfolios , as well as in trading portfolios .	价格风险在非传统的投资组合上升 , 以及交易组合 。
this kind of instrument has many features , such as high s/n , good equability and nondeliquescence .	这种仪器具有很多特点 , 比如高s/n , 均衡性好 , 非均衡性好 。
this leads then to the account of the birth of moses , and his exposure to the nile river .	然后 , 这导致了摩西出生的帐户 , 和他的暴露到尼尔河 。
he hasnot claimed libya had weapons of mass destruction to be used against us .	他没有声称利比亚有武器破坏武器 , 用于反对我们 。
subsequent investigations by japanese authorities confirmed the teacher had been taguchi .	日本当局的后一项调查证实 , 老师已被淘汰 。
you need a better productivity approach so you can collaborate with others on a common project .	你需要更好的生产力方法 , 这样你可以与其他人合作 。
the content is available for reuse in your new and existing solution information center projects .	您的新和现有解决方案中心项目中的内容可用于重用 。
if you must have whale , cetacean biltong is more palatable than the fresh stuff .	如果你必须有鲸鱼 , 太阳双龙比新鲜的东西更可爱 。
right click control the knuckle angle , left click control the slewing and topping angle .	右点击右键 , 左点击右键角 , 右点击右键 , 右点击右边的角度 。
yanzi went to the palace in a broken carriage pulled by thin and weak horses .	燕子走到宫殿里 , 穿着薄弱的马 , 穿着薄弱的马 。
to promote local food culture , mining native dishes lay a good foundation for the essence .	为了促进当地的食品文化 , 采矿本地菜 , 为本质提供了良好的基础 。
the statistical breakdown property of a vacuum contact has been studied experimentally .	实验研究了真空接触的统计断裂性能 。
database resources can be accessed using both jdbc and recordlevel access .	通过jdbc和记录级访问 , 可以访问数据库资源 。
the background , objective , challenge , and main efforts toward the research of hpcs are presented here .	提出了对hpcs的背景、目标、挑战和主要努力 。
we does the servant girl in the yard listen to your still listen to qiao jean ?	我们在院子里的仆人女孩听着你仍然听着qiaojean ?
and also if some of are familiar with buddha's twelve deeds , buddha's life story .	同时 , 如果有些人熟悉佛陀的二次死亡 , 佛陀的生命故事 。
now here's the good news we've discovered that your other leg doesn't need to be removed after all .	现在这里是我们发现的好消息 , 你的其他腿不需要在所有之后被删除 。
objective to investigate the value of ct diagnosing intraluminal masses of small intestine .	目的探讨小肠道ct诊断中小肠道ct诊断的价值 。
the doctrine of umberrimae fidei is a basic principle of marine insurance law .	数字保险法的基本原则是海事保险法的基本原则 。
frederick lam , executive director of the hong kong trade development council , hong kong .	香港贸易开发委员会副总监弗雷德里克·拉姆 。
this , it appears , is the legacy i have received and have now bequeathed to my own child .	这一点 , 看起来 , 是我收到的遗留 , 现在已经被送到我自己的孩子 。
the distant galaxy was detected using a phenomenon called gravitational lensing .	利用一种称为重力透镜的现象检测远程glaxy 。
in this review , the study history and the definition of starburst galaxies are introduced first .	文章首先介绍了星球星球星球星系的研究历史和定义 。
this paper discusses how to do novelty searches on line for a phd dissertation proposal .	本文讨论了如何为phd解析建议进行新颖的搜索 。
they also say they like the design flexibility they get by eliminating the spaceconsuming spare tyre .	他们还说他们喜欢这样的设计灵活性 , 他们通过消除空间消耗空间轮胎 。
one of globalization's key features is the ability to handle multiple languages .	全球化的关键特点之一是处理多种语言的能力 。
you harshly scold your daughter for knocking the cup over . she breaks down in tears .	你很高兴把你的女儿打开杯子 , 她在泪水中打破了 。
editor's note: the original version of this story misstated dr . markel's name .	编辑者的注意:这个故事的原版本失踪了马克尔博士的名字 。
wooden materials in various tones and factures are used as the predominant materials in the design .	木材在各种工具和工厂中使用 , 作为设计中主要的材料 。
the money collected was used to build a statue of zeus at the entrance to the stadium .	用来收集的钱 , 用来建立一个零的标准 , 到体育场 。
he turns and scolds a group of local fighters lounging at a nearby roadblock .	他转过来 , 把一群当地战斗机放在附近的路块附近 。
his roommate’s bed was tightly close to the window , while he could only lie in bed all day long .	他的房间的床紧紧紧紧接近窗户 , 同时他只能住在床上 。
the paper describes the development and tests of model cjk 200 automatic suction and discharge changer .	本文介绍了cjk200自动支持和放电变换器的开发和测试 。
a lot of people also sit outdoors , enjoying the cool , breezy nighttime air .	很多人坐在室外 , 享受冷酷的夜空 , 令人惊叹的夜空 。
the curious feature of superstrings , however , is that they can only vibrate in 10 dimensions .	然而 , 超字符串的奇怪特征是 , 它们只能在10维内振动 。
i'm always confused when people rave about how much they " save " at warehouse club stores .	我总是很困惑 , 当人们在仓库俱乐部的时候 , 人们总是有多少 " 拯救 " 。
bill coore graduated from wake forest university in 1968 and began working for pete dye .	比尔·科尔毕业于1968年毕业于华克森林大学 , 开始为pete染色工作 。
john menard and paul menard , father and son of menard's hardware superstores .	约翰梅纳德和保罗梅纳德的父亲和梅纳德的硬件超级者的儿子 。
the multistaged castle sieges and character progression are two of my favourite new additions .	多年级的铸造面积和性格进展是我最喜欢的新增加之一 。
we started off with a cocktail at the hotel bar , the libertine and it knocked my socks off .	我们在酒店酒店的酒店里开始了一块鸡尾巴 , 自由汽车 , 然后打开了我的袜子 。
western europe's 10% jobless rate is expected to hit 12% by mid1995 .	1995年中期 , 欧洲的10%无职率预计将在1995年中期打击12% 。
all of the following criteria must be met in order to have what is considered to be a durable model	所有以下标准都必须满足以下标准 , 以便有所考虑的是一个可持久的模型 。
and god will only prosper our study if we continually exercise ourselves to live by what we learn .	上帝只能促进我们的研究 , 如果我们继续运动自己生活在我们学习的话 , 才能促进我们的研究 。
since 1984 , hiv infection in hong kong report has been accumulated to 4047 people .	自1984年以来 , 香港报告的艾滋病感染被积累到4047人 。
and that research found individual brain cells that would respond to one accent — but not another .	这项研究发现 , 个体大脑细胞会反应一个激励的细胞 , 但并非另一个 。
proverbs 19: 29 penalties are prepared for mockers , and beatings for the backs of fools .	证明19:29个珍珠被准备为模具制作 , 为了防止愚蠢的背部 。
subsequently , directsequence and hybrid dsth were proposed to facilitate irma .	接下来 , 提出了直接序列和混合dsth来促进irma 。
the nobel committee described the three physicists as " masters of light " .	诺贝尔委员会将三位物理学家描述为 " 光 " 。
of course aside from those characters , alphanumerics are allowed and don't need to be encoded .	当然 , 除了这些字符外 , alphanics被允许并不需要编码 。
and if you start feeling frisky , and you have eight of ten seconds before work , you know where to find me .	如果你开始感觉到弗里斯基 , 你在工作之前有八秒的时间 , 你知道哪里找到我 。
but we all know , in fact , every time timer is less than 50ms in the mind is under the precision is very poor .	但是我们都知道 , 事实上 , 每次时间都不到50毫米的心里 , 精度很差 。
the serum of immunized rabbits could suppress the hemolytic activity of tdh .	免疫兔血清可以抑制tdh的血液活性 。
we have a very tightknit , super group of lads and i'm sure he'll enjoy his time here .	我们有一个非常紧密的小组 , 超级小组 , 我肯定他会在这里享受他的时间 。
sensors are also used on the starting platforms to monitor false starts and correct relay changeovers .	传感器也在启动平台上使用 , 以监测虚假开始和正确的继电变化 。
heat a pan and a little olive oil , add the langoustine rolls and gently brown .	加热锅和一点橄榄油 , 添加了红色的滚子 , 轻轻棕色 。
atb is widely used abroad , but seldom used at home . the study on atb has just started in our country .	atb广泛应用于国外 , 但在国内很少用途 , 这个研究只是在我国开始了 。
so they jazzed up the story with all of that " huff and puff and blow your house down " .	所以他们把所有的 " 丈夫 " 的故事夹上来 , 把房子吹下来 。
ibm has more than 50 different programmes promoting worklife balance and bank of america over 30 .	ibm拥有超过50个不同的程序 , 促进工作平衡和美国银行超过30个 。
but there may be problems along the way , as the us and the traditional european powerbrokers have to give way .	但是 , 正如美国和传统的欧洲电力制造商一样 , 可能存在着问题 。
brio reserves the right to modify this terms and conditions without any prior notice .	英国保留权利修改这个条款 , 没有任何先前注意的条件 。
he heard the creak of greyback's boots as he crouched down in front of hermione .	他听到了灰色的靴子的破裂 , 就像他在赫密尼人前面的时候 , 他听到了那样的破裂 。
musing , pondering , a breath , a briny tear , a dab of liquid or soil .	穆斯林 , 池塘 , 一只呼吸 , 一只白色的泪水 , 一个液体或土壤 。
the contributing plugin fulfills this contract by defining specific values through xml .	通过xml定义特定价值定义该合同的贡献插件 。
the government understood this as well as the parties ; the most insignificant bourgeois felt it .	政府也理解这一点 , 政党也是最重要的地方 , 大部分的资产生感觉到它 。
among them , isochromosome imay be a characteristic of adenocarcinomas of the lung .	其中 , 染色体imay是肺癌腺癌的特点 。
you may opt for stones all of the same color , or add one or two offcolor stones for some punch .	你可能会选择石头所有的颜色 , 或添加一个或两个超ol的石头 , 用于一些惩罚的石头 。
sure , i'd campaigned all over the country , for my husband and for other candidates .	当然 , 我在全国竞选 , 为我的丈夫和其他候选人而奋斗 。
the protocols and standards for anycast are under the discussion , but have not reached a consensus .	任何东方的协议和标准都在讨论下 , 但没有达成共识 。
i would be interested to hear more — what values should we prioritize in assessing censorship ?	我很感兴趣听到更多的是 , 我们应该在评估审审审判中优先化什么价值呢 ?
and this party has a better than even chance of retaking at least one house of congress this november .	今年111月 , 这个党比今年1月至少一个国会有更好的机会 。
for lan/wan connections , lower settings of audio frames per packet are recommended .	针对lan/wan连接 , 建议每包的音频框架降低 。
the test results indicated that there were markedly effects of space flight , cultivar and storage time .	试验结果表明 , 空间飞行、文化和存储时间对空间飞行有显著影响 。
these files , as we might call them , are both sweepingly inclusive and penetratingly minute .	这些文件 , 正如我们所说的 , 两个文件都是可汗地包含和渗透的几分钟 。
what sets the onion apart , however , is that mr obama has not blunted its barbs at all .	然而 , 奥巴马先生还没有把它的酒吧放在一起 。
all this is what it takes to do transactional business messaging , and this is what amqp delivers .	所有这些都是需要做事务的消息 , 这是amqp交付的 。
the blood and sweat of the intersection , mud and fire passion , in a dripping color on .	间断、泥泞和火焰激情的血和汗 , 在滴下的颜色中 。
in 2010 , of spandex industry boom will continue to rise , union holdings will benefit .	2010年 , 西班牙产业的增长将继续上升 , 联合国持有利于 。
the optimized rtl is then fed to the code generator , which produces target code .	然后 , 最优化rtlfeded到代码生成器中 , 它产生目标代码 。
troy dumais , an american olympian , finished third at 484 . 25 points .	troydmais是美国奥林匹亚奥运会的第三位 , 在484.25分完成第三位 。
but in the case of weaver ants in africa , this description may be more than just a metaphor .	但是在非洲 , 这种描述的情况下 , 这种描述可能比一个隐喻更多 。
you can head for the outer remote islands in bahamas if you are looking for seclusion and romance .	如果你正在寻找独立和浪漫的话 , 你可以在巴哈马岛的外部遥远岛屿 。
the risk detection rate in the middleaged group and the old group was higher than the young group .	中年组的风险检测率高于年轻组 , 老年组的风险检测率高于年轻组 。
the story in the advertisement in china is neither mild nor smooth , but has some false .	中国广告的故事并不寒冷 , 而且还是平滑 , 却有一些虚假 。
whose is that ? ah , zuhair murad . it was the very first choice . i saw it on the rack .	那么呢 ? 啊 , 朱哈尔·穆拉德 , 是第一次选择 。 我看到它在赛车上 。
all he can say is , this is his shirt . he holds out an arm so she can see the gaping sleeve .	所有人都可以说 , 这是他的衬衫 , 他拿出一只胳膊 , 所以她可以看到那个隔离袖 。
" ) i never felt winded , but still got that great " workout sore feeling " the next day .	" 我从来没有感觉到风 , 但仍然有那么伟大的 " 工作 " 的感觉 , 下一天就感到 " 的感觉 " 。
then he lay awake at night thinking of all the charming gallantries he might have employed ;	然后他在夜间醒来 , 他可能雇佣的所有有魅力的花园 。
with a little tweaking , and some helpful tips , swype can be better than what you're using .	随着微弱的提示 , 一些有帮助的提示 , 瑞士可以比你使用的更好 。
my journey from las vegas to iowa , at the time when i was young , childish and naive...	我的旅程从拉斯维加斯到爱荷华 , 当我年轻的时候 , 孩子和海军...
i wish they called me that because it shows he has had success with the players he's brought in .	我希望他们打电话给我说 , 因为它显示了他和他带来的球员成功 。
one day , the heavens would part and a perfect , precious cherub would descend on a sunbeam .	一天 , 天堂会部分和一个完美的 , 珍贵的樱桃会在阳光下降 。
it's called a blueprint , a blueprint for reform of our financial regulation .	它被称为蓝印刷 , 是我们的金融监管改革的蓝印刷 。
i have a truant here . " said constable johnny . " drive him straight to school . "	约翰尼说: " 我在这里有一个很好的 。 " 他直接到学校 。
the battle lines of the new world order were exposed at the world trade organization this week .	这个星期 , 新世界秩序的战斗线在世界贸易组织上暴露 。
the nabe forecast appears to be in line with other u . s . economic signals .	nabe预测似乎与其它美国经济信号相同 。
this article presents a model that can calculate milling forces in complex surface machining .	本文提出了一种能够计算复杂表面加工中磨削力的模型 。
the part of 3th discusses the role of the theory of comparative advantage for chinese foreign trade .	第三部分讨论了中国外贸理论相对优势理论的作用 。
all men's miseries derive from not being able to sit quietly in a room alone .	所有男性的导弹都从不能安静地坐在房间里 。
fishing is my favourite sport . i often fish for hours without catching anything .	钓鱼是我最喜欢的运动 , 我常常常吃鱼了几小时 , 没有捕捉任何东西 。
while kian had the luxury of retreating westwards , he remained committed to his iran .	虽然康有了西方的奢侈品 , 但他仍然承诺他的伊朗 。
warlords built private gardens in chinese and west styles with literatus' help .	战争者在中国和西方风格建立私人园林 。
but the 32inch model we'd like to buy was temporarily out of stock . we had to wait .	但是 , 我们想买的32英寸的模式很快就在股票里 , 我们必须等待 。
located in the west of the planned area , adjacent to the tourism zone and the downtown area .	位于规划区西部 , 邻近旅游区和下城区 。
write a docstring that explains everything someone would need to know in order to use this function .	写一个字符串 , 解释某些人都需要知道的东西 , 以便使用这个函数 。
and then people choose subconsciously , not consciously to ignore the research and go with her heart .	然后 , 人们选择意识地选择了 , 不意识地忽略研究 , 与她的心脏一起去 。
when rafik gindy graduated from high school , he knew he wanted to become an engineer .	当拉菲克·吉迪毕业于高中时 , 他知道他想成为工程师 。
today i'll drill a little hole in the tooth for pusdrainage to stop the pain .	今天我将在牙齿里钻出一小孔 , 为了阻止疼痛 。
that's setting emotion , efficient process , and the adams have to be selfdiscinplined .	这是设置情感、有效的过程 , 以及adams必须自我解释 。
when winter came , the grasshopper had nothing , but the ant complained of chest pains .	冬天的时候 , 草坪上没有什么东西 , 但是蚂蚁抱怨胸痛 。
if this emotional style applies to you , realize that lowering your standards will be a relief .	如果这种情感风格适用于你 , 意识到降低你的标准将是一个救济 。
our schoolwide academic contest will be held this saturday , 12/11/04 .	我们的学校将于本周六举行 , 12/1/1/04 。
we want peace , freedom and a stable environment for development , ” the ralliers chanted .	我们希望和平、自由和稳定的环境 , 开发的环境 , " 雷利人说 。
mather gave his flock no fewer than four such dates , beginning with the year 1697 .	数学家给了他的流动 , 没有四个这样的日期 , 开始了一年的1697 。
government could contribute to the growth of economy , and it could holdback it meanwhile .	政府可能有助于经济的增长 , 经济的增长 , 同时也可以反映它 。
they think that there's some freudian answer to solvingthese problems , " said the asa's kline .	他们认为 , 有一些自由主义人回答解决问题 , " 亚洲的kline说 。
''our research shows one potential reason why swearing developed and why it persists .	" 我们的研究显示了一种潜在的原因 , 为什么开发出来 , 为什么它坚持 。
energyintensive industrial cluster ; circular economy ; coordinated development ;	能源强度工业集群 ; 循环经济 ; 协调发展 ;
cao xiu donned his armor and rode into the city with 1 , 000 men to stop the enemy .	曹秀为了阻止敌人 , 为了阻止敌人 , 把他的arm和rode扔进城市里 。
this is the first time that stamps portraying chinese zodiac animals have been issued globally .	这是第一次在全球发布的中国zodiac动物的动物 。
the children use water wings to keep themselves up in the water while they are learning to swim .	孩子们用水翅膀保持自己在水里 , 学会游泳 。
to pave and break concrete foundation installing engineering to break other hard things .	为了保持和破碎混凝土基础安装工程来破坏其他硬件 。
allow the baby to touch the book , chew on it , and otherwise physically touch it .	允许婴儿触摸这本书 , 咀嚼它 , 否则身体触摸它 。
save time dramatically reduce the time you spend making print and contact sheet projects .	节省时间很大程度上降低了您花费的时间 , 和印刷和接触表项目 。
the little girl was fascinated by all the fish swimming in the aquarium tanks .	这些小女孩被所有鱼游泳在水库里游泳的鱼游泳都受到了刺激 。
the third board to sights on the next spin , the spin attack and put shortbased .	第三个董事会在未来的西班牙上看 , 西班牙攻击 , 放弃基于短期的攻击 。
objective:in order to demonstrate the etiological diagnosis of acute retinal necrosis .	目的:探讨急性视网膜坏死的病理诊断 。
despondently , the husband replied: 'i missed a new job opportunity .	沉默的是 , 丈夫回答说: " 我错过了一个新的工作机会 。
he uttered the word indifferently , and as though his mind were on something else .	他不明显地说话 , 虽然他的思想在其他其他东西上 , 但他的心里却很差 。
tutti executed a fabulous fake faint , swooning cartoonishly right to the floor .	切蒂执行了一场著名的fakefaint , 在地板上 , 吞噬了卡通对地板 。
" an internal sense of righteousness dwindles into an external concern for reputation "	" 一个内在意义上 , 正确的dwindles将其成为一个外在的关注 " 。
the people of the philipines have a great leader and must be proud of him . mr pres . duterte !	菲律宾人民有一位伟大的领导人 , 必须骄傲他 。 杜特先生 !
worldwide , $162 billion was spent in new cleantech investments in 2009 alone .	世界范围内 , 全球162亿美元在2009年独立投资中花了162亿美元 。
anything “street” – funky clothes that are casual and sporty – works well .	任何东西都是 " 街道 " 的衣服 , 是现实和运动的衣服 , 很好 。
it improves your dps , but the down side it , your images can't trigger any bashes .	它提高了你的dps , 但是下面的它 , 你的图片不能触发任何刷子 。
the timeless colouring of the tanzanite crystal makes this piece ideal for everyday wear .	坦桑岩晶体的无时间颜色使得这件日常穿着的理想 。
here , this is a more modern example with a little hash cafe next to it or something .	在这里 , 这是一个更现代的例子 , 接下来 , 还有一些东西 。
jesus was born that night , and he had to sleep in a manger6 because there was no bed for him .	耶稣出生了那夜 , 他一直睡在曼格6里 , 因为他没有床 。
leather spirit with a mountain to explain , at the same time the old leather also orders .	皮革精神与山脉解释 , 同时老皮革也订单 。
if you can force your heart and nerve and sinew to serve your turn long after they are gone .	如果你能力量你的心脏和神经和神经的话 , 就能在他们离开之后服务你的转变 。
from the app developers: the astro file manager helps you get the most out of your android smart phone .	从应用程序开发人员:宇宙文件管理器帮助您获得最多的安全性智能手机 。
the location is directly opposite shinagawa jr station , and so was easy to find .	位置直接反对shinagawajr站 , 所以很容易找到 。
m . castells , the urban question: a marxist approach , london , 1977 ;	卡斯特先生告诉 , 城市问题:马克思主义方法 , 1977年伦敦 ;
after that i kept thinking about why would someone be so unmannered instead of thinking about my games .	在那个时候 , 我一直认为 , 为什么有人会那么难以置信我的游戏 。
we turned out all the cupboards and drawers and found things we hadn't seen for years .	我们把所有的杯子和抽屉都转出来 , 发现我们没有看到的东西 。
all the things i cherished , how can they influence the people who are lying on the streets ?	所有我珍惜的事情 , 如何影响那些躺在街上的人呢 ?
the nbs also announced the consumer price index for may was down 1 . 4 percent year on year .	nbs还宣布 , 今年5月的消费者价格指数下降了1.4% 。
the movement of the waves , of winds , of the earth is ever in the same lasting harmony .	风浪的运动 , 地球的风 , 在同一和谐中 , 地球的运动也是一样的 。
as a working group , during the crisis , so as not to resign , notforwork , not to change jobs .	作为一个工作组 , 在危机中 , 所以不要辞职 , 不要改变工作 。
this paper summarizes the application of proteinase inhibitor in agriculture and clinic treatment .	总结了蛋白酶抑制剂在农业和临床治疗中的应用 。
they rehearse through diligent practice and preparation ; they remain disciplined and professional .	他们通过分工实践和准备 , 依然是学科和专业 。
since then , however , superstrings have proved a lot more complex than anyone expected .	然而 , 超字符串已经证明了很多复杂的比任何人预期的更复杂 。
push off on your back and come up right away ! you should be spinning your arms before you get to the flags .	把你的背上拉下来 , 走出右边 , 你应该在你走到旗帜之前把你的胳膊弹出来 。
in addition , notetaking is more helpful in answering the general questions than the detailed ones .	此外 , 注意力更有助于回答总体问题 , 比详细的一般问题更有帮助 。
" it was a great save , " he added , of de gea's vital stop from robin van persie .	他补充道: " 这是一个很好的节约 , " 他补充道 , 德格拉的生命停止了罗宾范佩西 。
the interbank bond market stock and trading volume accounted for about 90% of the total market .	银行债券市场股票和交易额占总市场的90% 。
bin laden’s vow in the 1990’s to bankrupt the us has been partly achieved .	本拉登在1990年代对美国破产的投票一直是一部分实现的 。
those giving other people of their patience and tolerance can win love and care as well as friendship of others .	那些给别人的耐心和耐耐耐耐心的人 , 能够赢得爱和照顾别人的友谊 。
they think in the next 25to 30years , robots and humans will be able to talk .	他们认为下一个25到30年 , 机器人和人类将能够谈论 。
financial scams are also a threat , with senior citizens often being targeted .	金融范围也是一个威胁 , 高级公民通常被目标注入 。
later in the week , the kenyans waltzed off with gold medal in the steeplechase .	后来在周末 , 肯尼亚人在睡眠中把金牌放在睡眠中 。
jesus raised his friend lazarus from the dead . lazarus had been dead for four days .	耶稣从死亡中提起了他的朋友拉扎罗斯 , 拉扎罗斯已经死了四天 。
there are many rays of innovation between lines in the reprot of the sixteenth congress .	十六届国会反复复中 , 行之间的创新有许多光线 。
q: did the myanmar government give china any indication that it was about to move on the kokang area ?	问:manmar政府给中国提供了任何指标 , 是否会在kang地区移动 ?
third , learn english , study abroad , studies abroad , marry a foreigner .	第三 , 学习英语 , 国外学习 , 学习外国 , 婚姻外国人 。
the bright meteor was spotted across the uk , leaving a vivid green trail .	明亮的气象被发现在英国 , 留下了一个vivid绿色的铁路 。
nuon chea , in his early 80s , is the group's senior surviving member .	在他的早期80年代 , 美国队的高级生存成员nuonchea是他的80岁 。
we might tell him that what he really needs to do is just look deep within and be true to himself .	我们可能会告诉他他 , 他真的需要做的事情只是在内心看起来 , 真的是真正的 。
michael leechin crystal , royal ontario museum ; toronto , canada	迈克尔·莱金晶体 , 皇家安塔里奥博物馆 ; 多伦多 , 加拿大 , 加拿大 。
however , in 1555 , her spiritual pilgrimage took a more serious turn .	然而 , 在1555年 , 她的精神刑事带来了更严重的变化 。
now we discussed her fear of death and doubts about – yet yearning for – an afterlife .	现在我们讨论了她对死亡的恐惧 , 怀疑她的担心 , 还有一年来 , 还有一年后 。
thirty minutes later , she presented simran with a cd of her first recorded song .	三十分钟后 , 她带着她第一次记录歌曲的cd 。
so it was no wonder that strippy was so highstrung , lacking freedom and exercise .	因此 , 令人难以置信 , 快乐是如此高信任、缺乏自由和运动 。
scenario 2: modeling cyclic behavior focuses on the modeling of iterative behaviors .	场景2:建模周期行为集中于迭代行为的建模 。
george romney , english portrait painter , died at kendal in cumbria .	乔治·罗米尼 , 英语肖像画家乔治·罗米尼在布莱亚死于昆特利亚 。
i mean , we're losing our people skills because of the wonderful technology is there .	我的意思是 , 我们失去了我们的技能 , 因为这里有很好的技术是在那里 。
as we continue to improve , though , our techniques should become more and more transparent .	然而 , 随着我们继续改进 , 我们的技术应该变得更加透明 。
well , i got into bed again , and five minutes later there came a bang at the door .	好的 , 我再次进床 , 五分钟后 , 门上有一只黄金 。
the sense of ownership of a poem: ask vast earth , who advocate ups and downs ?	一个诗歌的所有感觉:问大地 , 谁倡导和下来呢 ?
bradley was able to witness his parents' marriage at christmastime that year .	布拉德利能见证他父母在圣诞节时期的婚姻 。
and the only difference between this and what's written conventionally is the way the constant is labeled .	与传统的写作之间的唯一差异 , 是常规的方法 。
he had learned from earlier writers , like ring lardner and sherwood anderson .	他从早期作家学习过 , 就像戒指lardner和sherwowoodanderson一样 。
small instruments are inserted through the incisions to remove the tissue and adhesions .	小型仪器通过切口来消除组织和粘附 。
physical tests , health tests , all those kind of things , like screenings , you know .	物理测试 , 健康测试 , 各种各样的事情 , 比如筛选 , 你知道 。
q mr . president , tied in with the jobs situation i think is the education system .	问先生 , 我认为是教育体系 , 是教育体系 。
our club invites a great deal of famous martial names as coaches and consultants .	我们的俱乐部邀请大批著名的武器名字作为教练和咨询师 。
pants with " juicy " written across the heinie . i'm gonna wear that ?	" 陪审 " 的裤子写在海尼 , 我会穿那件衣服呢 ?
the chapter ended all too quickly ; war , fear and politics divided us again .	第一章结束了全部太快 ; 战争 , 恐惧和政治又分裂了我们 。
it could have been corrupted because a virus was inside of it so it was making foreign proteins .	这可能是因为病毒在内部被腐败的 , 所以它正在制造外科蛋白 。
the ointment of montmorillonite oxide fit the nation standard and is safety to human .	蒙蒙蒙蒙蒙蒙蒙蒙山石氧化合物 , 适合国家标准 , 安全人类 。
so i'm on the road a bit , and i hold meetings , sometimes at the client's place .	所以我正在路上 , 我举行会议 , 有时候在客户的地方 。
the author adds some new code to the basic kiva3v program and makes compilation of it .	作者对基本kiva3v程序添加了一些新的代码 , 并使其编译完成 。
if i owned only walking shoes , i wouldn’t be able to wear skirts or dresses .	如果我只有走鞋 , 我就不能穿裙子或裙子 。
he obtained , however , the recognition and approbation of the congregation of albi .	然而 , 他得到了认可和批准阿尔比协议的认同 。
discuss the effectiveness of sexual abstinence programs in the fight against stds .	讨论了对抗stds的性别不稳定性程序的有效性 。
have you ever found that the corners of the square things always damage easily ?	你曾经发现 , 平方的角落总是很容易损坏呢 ?
i thought of the early polar explorers as i braced myself for the walk .	我认为 , 早期的极地探险者 , 就像我把自己带到走路上 。
nu wa felt sorrowful at all these happenings and decided to repair the sky .	nu在所有这些事情都很抱歉 , 决定修理天空 。
concurrent chemoradio therapy might be the mainstream approach of cervical cancer .	结论化疗治疗可能是宫颈癌的主要流行方法 。
family counselors remind parents not to take what a child says as the gospel truth .	家庭顾问提醒父母不要把孩子说的话当作福音真理 。
net . py displays the energy level of any given pattern or node array .	py显示了任何给定模式或节点阵列的能量级别 。
usually , switching to the midgrade or premiumgrade gasoline will remove the knock .	通常 , 转换到中级或超级汽油将消除打击 。
but in future chips , cores’ bandwidth requirements could fluctuate wildly .	但是在未来芯片中 , 珊瑚的带宽要求可能会变得更严重 。
in this project , we plan to design an audiovisual aid system based on the virtual acoustics .	在这个项目中 , 我们计划设计一种基于虚拟声学的音频辅助系统 。
rice , cotton and vegetable seeds are sometimes grown in special seedbeds .	稻、棉、蔬菜种子有时生长在特殊种种子中 。
enjoying life takes time to appreciate the natural and cultural richness around us .	享受生活的时候 , 欣赏我们周围的自然和文化丰富 。
wakeboarding festivals and competitions have been held in singapore and hong kong .	在新加坡和香港举行的新加坡和香港举行的竞争活动 。
the mother of one of the girls , ronnda zezula , welcomed the apology .	一个女孩的母亲 , 罗丹达·泽尔拉 , 欢迎这个论坛 。
the polish writer sought out gran , then in her late 80s , in paris in 2003 .	2003年在巴黎的80年代晚些时候 , 这个波兰作家们想出了颗粒 , 然后在她的80年代末 。
seventeen bike , with the wind , you wore she walked through the life of flowering splendid .	十七辆自行车 , 风 , 你穿过了风 , 穿过她穿过了飞翔的生命 。
where mr kirchner seemed to relish confrontation , she ran as a consensusbuilder .	克里克纳先生似乎在哪里寻找新鲜的面对 , 她跑成了一个共同的建筑师 。
dioxins are highly poisonous to the cells of our bodies . don't freeze your .	二氧素对我们身体的细胞有很大的毒性 , 不要冻结你的 。
but i need to deal with such issues in person . my source will not be based on this grapevine manner .	但是我需要处理这样的问题 , 我的来源不会根据这个葡萄牙的方式进行处理 。
" well , " said the child , " she went into the church with one man and came out with another ! "	" 哦 , " 孩子说 , " 她和一个男人一起走进教堂 , 再来了 ! "
i can't do anything in america . i just don't want to have any stories written about me .	我不能在美国做任何事情 , 我只是不想写任何故事 。
here , in three installments , are overthetransom reports from people who have written in from china .	在这里 , 在这里 , 三个安装中 , 是从中国写的人们中过度的报道 。
in the case presented in this article , the documentliteral with unwrapped style is a fit .	在本文中提出的案例中 , 文件与未包装的样式是一个适合的 。
the swans rose again , hovered in a circle , awaiting the results of their labors .	天鹅再次升起来 , 在一个圈子里 , 等待劳动的结果 。
i wrote this one in the middle of recording and it really all happened by accident !	我在记录中写了这篇文章 , 真的是事故发生了 !
kneed me in the chest and pounded my lower belly with their fists until i passed out .	把我绑在胸部 , 把我的下面的贝利和他们的拳头 , 直到我走出去 。
the same is true of major quest mobs – they all appear in instanced areas of the world .	同样 , 同样是世界上最主要的mobs----它们都出现在世界的例子领域 。
mottaki said washington needs to " change its behavior " if it wants new relations with iran .	莫塔克尼说 , 华盛顿需要 " 改变其行为 " 如果希望与伊朗的新关系 。
you could simply set width to 200 and height to 45 , and then accept the consequences .	您可以简单地设置宽度到200 , 高达45 , 然后接受后果 。
this is a table that can be used for working , entertaining and , well , just generally swooning over .	这是一个可以用于工作、娱乐和娱乐的桌子的桌子 , 只是一般都在翻译 。
so when i move the circle it will act as a real axe . this image makes it more clear .	所以当我移动圆形时 , 它会作为真正的ax , 这种图像使它更清晰 。
anticatholicism is very much strongly entrenched in the british sense of who they were .	反犹太主义对英国感觉的英国感觉很强烈 。
astronomers have unveiled the most complete 3d map of the local universe ever created .	天文学家们已经揭露了当地宇宙最完整的3d地图 。
for any enquiries , please contact us at 2406 8050 or visit our website .	对于任何查询 , 请联系我们2406806或访问我们的网站 。
it may not be as glitzy as the past one but could be better for average working men and woman .	这不像过去一个人一样高兴 , 而且可以更好地为平均工作男人和女人工作 。
outbreaks in numerous other african countries are currently under investigation .	目前在调查中 , 许多其他非洲国家的爆发是在调查中 。
by 1920 , the rules mandating three hits per side and backrow attacks were instituted .	到1920年 , 制定了每个侧面和后行攻击的三个规则 。
you can only be blest and have peace and sweet rest , as you yield him your body and soul .	只有你才能有和平和甜的休息 , 就像你产生自己的身体和灵魂 。
in this paper , a decomposability theorem is presented and proved by differentiable manifolds theories .	本文提出了一种分解性理论 , 并通过差异的表现理论证明了一种可分解性理论 。
they toured the forbidden city , where the chinese emperors had once lived in lofty splendor .	他们旅行了禁区 , 中国皇帝曾经住在洛杉矶的花园里 。
many people on kauai believe that this is lemuria – a lost island in the atlantic .	许多人相信 , 这是雷米利亚 , 在大西洋的一座失去岛屿 。
results: no toxicities , teratogenicity and mutagenicity were founded during the tests in above .	结果:在上述试验中 , 建立了无毒性、地质性和突变性 。
instead of taking days to complete , the simulated process can run in mere seconds .	相反 , 尽量完成日子 , 仿真过程可以在第二秒内运行 。
performance isn't linked to pay pay is really determined by market forces and budget .	表现并不相关 , 薪酬实际上是由市场力量和预算决定的 。
" i want to keep going . at least for another decade or two , " he said with a smile .	" 我想要保持 , 至少有几十年或两年的时间 , " 他笑着说 。
squatting by one of the walls , i took a little book from my knapsack .	墙上的一只小书 , 我从knapsack中拿了一本小书 。
abbr . wa , wash . a state of the northwest united states on the pacific ocean .	华盛 , 北美西北部的一座美国在太平洋上 。
rappaccini looked surprised . " what do you mean , my daughter ? " he asked .	拉帕西尼看起来很惊讶 , " 你意味着什么 , 我的女儿 ? " 他问道 。
however , these i don't care , only to find the drinks here no sands tastiness just .	然而 , 这些我不关心 , 只要在这里找到饮料 , 这里没有沙味 。
bonera has a problem to the adductor and we hope to recover him and seedorf for next week .	骨骼对增殖者有一个问题 , 我们希望在下周恢复他和种子 。
if you smell me , smell the smell of thick come really makes people want to eat one .	如果你闻到我 , 闻着厚的香气 , 真的让人想吃一顿 。
when you are finished testing your new action , close the editor for helloapp . pli .	当你完成了测试你的新操作时 , 关闭了helloapp.pli的编辑器 。
art requires you to spend some time with it , to contemplate and think , leave and return .	艺术要求你花些时间和它一起花些时间 , 为了满足和思维 , 留下和返回 。
the nonlinear kinetic characters of landslip action are complex , exoteric and dissipated .	滑坡行动的非线性动力学特性是复杂、外部和消散的 。
book value per share was $5 . 33 , up from $5 . 28 in the prior quarter .	每股票价值为5.33美元 , 从前季度上涨5.28美元 。
what are the real barriers to effective implementation and how have some organizations been able to overcome these ?	实施有效的障碍者 , 有些组织能够克服这些机构呢 ?
effects of broccoli with 1 mcp treatment and ma package during storage were studied .	研究了在存储过程中使用1mcp处理和ma包的效果 。
jim can't move the mouth of his mask . he doesn't have enough muscle in his lips .	吉姆不能移动他的面罩的嘴巴 , 他的嘴巴并没有足够的肌肉 。
in the front of the shaoxing work received the letter , sister szabics with myriad heart .	在沙兴工作的前面 , 接到信 , 姐姐带着神秘的心脏 。
now , it turns out that that assumption , standardly built into the usual label , may be false .	现在 , 这种假设 , 标准建立在常规标签中 , 可能是虚假 。
based on this , g5 dynamic system measuring online of membrane thickness has been designed successfully .	在此基础上 , 设计了g5动态系统测量膜厚度在线测量的基础上 。
the project also sought to store the information so that it would be available for research and medical purposes .	这个项目还采取了保存信息 , 以便它可以用于研究和医疗目标 。
this paper putted forward countermeasure and suggestion through comparing domestic and foreign real estate finance .	通过对国内外房地产金融的比较 , 提出了对策和建议 。
in this paper , the work is concerned with a class of fuzzy retarded integrodifferential equations .	本文针对一类模糊化的综合差分方程 , 研究了该方程的工作 。
floodwaters are still rising after this week's heavy downpours across parts of ohio .	洪水仍在在上升 , 这个星期的重量下降了俄亥俄州的部分地区 。
this is that little extracritical voice in our heads , externalized and projected onto others ;	这就是我们头部的外部化和外部化的声音 ;
somatic nuclear transfer in mammalian has achieved many offspring during the development in the past a few years .	过去几年来 , 哺乳动物主义的统计核转移已经达到了很多关注 。
in a sense the price of oil is playing the role that interest rates often play when an economy overheats .	在某种感觉上 , 石油价格正在扮演利率的角色 , 当经济过热时 , 通常会扮演 。
tonnage of whiteflecked stone quarried in spain and finished in italy: 430 tons .	白色石头的吨重在西班牙 , 完成了意大利:430吨 。
all the above motivate people , but few bosses have the ability to truly inspire their employees .	所有上述动机的人 , 但一些老板有能力 , 真正激励员工的能力 。
fuzhou boland garments co . , ltd . is your most trusted supplier of apparel inventory .	福州波兰服装有限公司是您最信任的供应商 。
and though we have no control over genetics , there are other contributing factors that cause cellulite you can control .	虽然我们没有控制过遗传学的控制 , 但是 , 还有其他的贡献因素 , 你可以控制细胞的原因 。
so how do you create a personal brand ? cloth boy network point of view of the following points .	所以你怎么创造一个个人品牌 ? 衣服男孩网络的视图 。
chapter 53 is regional anesthesia superior to general anesthesia for hip surgery ?	第五章53章是区域审美优先对hip手术的一般麻醉进行总体审美 ?
features 6 opening windows , a telescope and sextant as well as 3 deck lanterns !	特点6个开窗户 , 电镜和性别人 , 还有3个桌灯 !
when i visited beijing , a student of mr . xia presented me with a photo of his teacher .	当我参观北京时 , 小先生给我带一张照片的老师给我 。
boseeinstein condensate is that a large number of identical particles occupy the same quantum state .	波斯坦坦凝聚的是 , 大量相同颗粒占据同量子状态 。
the company says having two kinds of high definition dvds on the market has led to confusion with the buying public .	本公司说 , 市场上有两种高度定义dvds , 导致购买公众混乱 。
you said that they called out to our imaginations in a way that big budget films can no longer achieve .	你们说 , 他们在一个大预算电影中称之为我们的想象 , 就不能再实现 。
bruce lindsey , clinton's close friend and special assistant for personnel , supported her .	克林顿的亲密朋友和特别助理人员的帮助 , 支持她 。
humans cannot hunt our kingdom as another fully conscious species without hunting yourselves ;	人类不能把我们的国王当作另一个充满意识的物种 , 没有捕获自己 ;
the act of blipping refers to the act of linking to a song and attaching a 150 character comment to it .	爆破的行为是指连接到一个歌曲的行为 , 并附加一个150个字符评论 。
do not use in condition of pregnancy , epilepsy , cardiac , hypertension , braindamage .	不要在妊娠、癫痫、心脏、高血压、脑损伤情况下使用 。
the dynamical model of the system was developed , and the numerical results of the dynamical equations were obtained .	建立了系统的动态模型 , 得出了动态方程的数值计算结果 。
these will help you to progress improve technic , tone and of course embouchure , if done dilligently .	这将有助于你进步提高技术、内容和课程实施 , 如果很好地完成 。
the formulation and evaluation of a 10w/30 qe/cc grade engine oil are presented in this article .	本文介绍了10w/30eqe/cc级发动机油的制造和评价方法 。
all of these artifacts require maintenance , have to be worked around , and scrapped if business needs change .	所有这些艺术品都需要维护 , 必须在周围工作 , 并且如果业务需要改变 。
no questions . caldwellhad made a living riding the consoles of the union's capsule hotels .	没有问题 。 卡德威尔哈德在联合国的首都酒店里做出了一个活动 。
a new thyristor mediumfrequency power supply startup circuit is introduced in this article .	本文介绍了一种新型的中频电源供应电路 。
dr . albert schweitzer's vocation led him to set up a medical clinic in africa .	阿尔伯特·施威茨博士的职业导致他在非洲建立医疗临床 。
the cells were passaged by mechanical methods , frozen and thawed by general procedure .	细胞通过机械方法、冻结和一般程序 , 通过细胞传递 。
chapter four analyzes the influence of patronage on translation in the late qing dynasty .	第四章分析了清代晚期古代对翻译的影响 。
the evaporation step is followed by calcination to produce the desired nanosized structure .	通过计算 , 通过计算 , 产生了必要的纳米尺寸结构的蒸发步骤 。
common relaxation techniques include meditation , mindfulness , tai chi and yoga .	常见的放松技术包括冥想、心灵、太阳和瑜伽 。
that is a leapingoff point . you can also register a . mobi domain that is dedicated to mobile content .	这是一个leapingof点 , 您还可以注册一个.mobi域 , 可以指出移动内容 。
the obtained cryptosystem modifies the class of mc public key cryptosystems .	获得的晶体系统修改了mc公钥密钥系统的类型 。
my home country is croatia . i was born in and raised in what used to be the former yugoslavia ,	我的家乡是克罗拉蒂亚 , 我出生在那里 , 曾经是前奥斯拉维亚 。
the present invention relates to one kind of decalcomania paper for porcelain surface decoration and its usage .	本发明涉及一种用于瓷表面装饰及其用途的十字符纸 。
in the second part , the litigation value and theory basis of discretional nonprosecution was discussed .	第二部分 , 讨论了离散非复苏的解放价值和理论基础 。
an iodinebased contrast is injected into the bloodstream and watched as it travels around .	一种基于碘的对比 , 被注入到血流中 , 看作它周围的旅行 。
if you want to get rid of your old computer , options include recycling , reselling , and donating .	如果你想要把你的旧电脑夹起来 , 选择包括回收、回收、回收和捐赠 。
in this paper , the solutions of distributed index construction and distributed retrieval are also discoursed .	本文还讨论了分布指数建设和分布检索的解决方案 。
because we had this kind of antiseptic separation between suffering and nonsuffering until we are the one suffering .	因此 , 我们有这种患者和非患者之间的抗病分离 , 直到我们是一个痛苦 。
the environmental resources have rareness , should consider the environmental cost in economic development .	环境资源稀少 , 应考虑经济发展环境成本 。
all major policy changes in china have been the result of a process of trial and error on a limited scale .	中国所有主要的政策变化都是试验和错误在有限范围内的结果 。
he sent his sinless son to bear the full brunt of the penalty we deserved to suffer .	他送他无罪的儿子去承担我们所得的罚款的全部破坏 。
our teachers encouraged us to find as many ways as possible to work out this mathematics problem . 34 .	我们的老师鼓励我们找到很多方法 , 就像可能工作这个数学问题 。 34岁 。
so , when supply chains shriveled , entrepreneurial ohmori became a manufacturer .	因此 , 当供应链被关闭时 , 企业家奥哈里成为制造商 。
thangkas are usually rectangular in shape , and the square ones are reserved for mandalas .	感谢卡斯通常是形状的矩形 , 平方形储备了曼达拉斯 。
be that as it may, the nerve poison does its business with man far more quickly than the blood poison .	就像它一样 , 神经毒素和男性的商业比血毒更快 。
the main sound box uses the edges and corners distinct rectangle design , the line succinct sprightly .	主要的声箱使用边缘和角落不同的矩形设计 , 线路成功 。
webapp . net use xml to allow multipart asynchronous rendering and contnt update .	我们bapp.net使用xml来允许多个不同的异步渲染和符合更新 。
from time to time , " peeping " gloomy alley came from the missing job workers of drinking voice .	从时间到时候 , " 佩宁 " 全球盟友来自失踪的工作人员的声音 。
patricia neal raised money for children and adults who had suffered brain injuries .	帕特利亚尼亚的儿童和成年人遭受大脑损伤的儿童 , 尼尔提高了钱 。
kiting – an inexperienced player will attempt to follow a mechapede with their vehicles .	厨房-一个经历的球员将试图跟随车辆的机会 。
timmy: but i'm 1 ) allergic to cats . keeping a cat wouldn't be fun for me .	艾米:但我只是一只 " 爱尔吉 " 猫 , 保持猫不会对我来说很有趣 。
define templates—the rules architect defines artifacts and templates using the brm tool .	定义模板-规则架构师定义了使用brm工具定义工具和模板 。
bush will more than likely wait until this month , when his secondterm officially starts , to make a move .	布什将超过几个月的等待 , 直到这个月之前 , 他的第二次正式开始 , 让运动 。
for example , you can combine one feed from bugzilla and another feed from the source control management systems .	例如 , 您可以通过bugzilla和另一个由源控制系统组合的饲料 。
kolli says the drought in the horn of africa came as no surprise to meteorologists .	库尔里说 , 非洲的马里的干旱并不令人惊讶的是气象学家 。
because the fire mechanism of a small cluster tear bomb is complex , there is not a set of sophisticated theories .	由于小集群的火焰机理是复杂的 , 没有一组复杂的理论 。
multicore and gpu based systems are here and harnessing that power is hard with todays programming models .	多种基于gpu的系统是在这里和谐的 , 现在的编程模式很难实现 。
after treatment with shen fu tang , some patients's symptoms have improved evidently .	与沈福治疗后 , 一些患者的症状明显提高 。
you're too much for me , ennis , you son of a whoreson bitch . i wish i knew how to quit you .	你对我来说太多 , 恩妮斯 , 你们的儿子都是一个理由的比特克 。 我希望我知道如何把你辞去 。
in addition , there is a 1015 page final term paper based on a topic of the student's choice .	此外 , 基于学生选择的主题 , 还有1015页最终论文 。
mary eventually left maimi , obtained a good education , and fostered her natural music ability .	玛丽最终离开马里 , 获得了一个好教育 , 培养她的自然音乐能力 。
anger can cause you to blame others for your problems and you may feel like getting revenge on those that have mistreated you .	愤怒可能会导致你为你的问题而责任别人 , 你可能会感觉到在那些失踪你身上的复仇 。
the judge previously has said he might approve the contracts even over katherine jackson's objection .	法官先前说 , 即使在凯瑟琳·杰克逊的对象上 , 他可能批准合同 。
we have two major categories of products , one is file centric apps and another is database centric apps .	我们有两个主要的产品类别 , 一个是文件中心应用程序和另一个是数据库中心应用程序 。
teachers often told me to see the patient after the talk saying that a lot of reason all i have been heeded .	老师经常告诉我 , 在谈话之后 , 告诉我 , 说我有很多原因 。
and then there's that second , threefootlong horn on the woolly rhino: it was wide and flat .	然后 , 第二 , 三英尺长的马在狼林里 , 是:它是广阔的和平坦的 。
yet i would rather see a young person pray prayers from the heart than the most eloquent rote prayer .	然而 , 我宁愿看到一个年轻人祈祷的祈祷者 , 比最平等的罗特祈祷者 。
“it’s an arcane means of communication , which for the most part should be abolished , ” she told me .	她告诉我 , " 这是一个阿卡恩通信的手段 , 最重要的部分应该被废除 。 "
i am happy to see her play much better in hong kong ; i think she will not disappoint in the final round .	我很高兴看到她在香港玩得更好 , 我觉得她不会在最后一轮 。
" being plucked from obscurity is a bit like , you know , going on a long journey , " boyle said .	男孩说: " 幸运的是一点 , 你知道 , 很长的旅程 , 会有一段时间 。 "
'the obvious advantage of using your hands is that you always have them with you , ' says sian porter .	西安porter说: " 很明显的使用手段是 , 你总是拥有他们的优势 。 "
he said , during a drinking session in pub , one of his staffs joked that they should put vitamin in their undies .	他说 , 在一次喝酒会议的时候 , 他的一名员工们说 , 他们应该把维生素放在他们的星期里 。
on the other hand , your weight loss is in fact a continuous function , so each piece of data should be attached .	另一方面 , 你的重量损失实际上是一个连续功能 , 所以每个数据都应该附加 。
no problem is permanent . storms always give way to the sun . winter always thaws into springtime .	无疑是永久的 , 风暴总是给太阳带来了 , 冬天总是会变成春天 。
the stamps depict the actress as holly golightly in the film breakfast at tiffany's .	这个邮票在蒂芬尼的电影早餐上 , 女演员们将演员描绘成好莱的演员 。
my wife went through my phone and uhm , may be calling you . so if you can , please take your name off that .	我的妻子经过我的电话和uhm , 可能会叫你 。 所以如果你能 , 请把你的名字放在那里 。
right . this is the brochure for mexico , yucatan is at the back , and this is the brochure for guatemala .	好吧 , 这是墨西哥的兄弟 , 尤塔安正在后面 , 这是古特玛拉的兄弟 。
our identity is tied to the value that we bring into the world and historically that value means our profession .	我们的身份被绑定到世界的价值 , 历史上 , 价值意味着我们的职业 。
functionally , pump station are either gathering stations or trunk line stations , and in some cases both .	功能上 , 泵站都是聚集站或链路站 , 在某些情况下 , 还有一些情况下 。
experiment boldly . rip off the greats , and the goods as well . mimick and make it your own . try and err .	大胆地试验 , 跳出大量 , 还有货物 , 米克 , 让你自己做 。 尝试和错误 。
compared the two methods , the results of power characteristic number method are better than that of shearing force decomposition method .	比较了两种方法 , 比较了剪力力分解法的功率特性数字法的效果优于剪力分解法 。
m: well , i would not try to feed those little critters if i were you , they bite and can carry diseases .	嗯 , 如果我是你 , 我不会尝试喂养这些小的危机 , 如果我是你 , 他们咬了 , 可携带疾病 。
researches on pure shear behaviors of dd3 single crystal are experimentally carried out for the first time .	实验研究了ddd3单晶单晶纯剪切行为的研究 。
under a series of the decoration of the clever and witty , commandos firefight , outwit the armory .	在一系列清洁和智慧的装饰下 , 命令部队防御 , 外出军队 。
you'll see two councilmen , a union official , a couple of offduty cops , and a judge .	你们会看到两个议员 , 联合国官员 , 两个错误的副本和法官 。
avoid alcohol and aspirin while using methotrexate and misoprostol for a medical abortion .	避免酒精和阿司匹林 , 使用甲酸甲酸酯和导弹剂用于医疗吸收 。
thirdly , commercial banks should speed up disposing of nonperforming loan by various means .	第三 , 商业银行应该通过各种手段来加快非绩效贷款的速度 。
which brings us to my final piece of advice ; don’t try to extract from what doesn’t exist .	这给我们带来了我最后一件建议 , 不要尝试从什么不存在的事情中提取 。
talking about the fast charge of accumulator for the mine explosionproof electric locomotive ;	谈论了矿山爆炸电路开发的快速电荷 ;
some cities are studying the halfway measure of banning them from bicycle lanes while permitting them on streets .	一些城市正在研究自行车路路的半路措施 , 同时允许他们在街上 。
li founded dayang in september 1979 with 85 employees , according to its web site .	1979年9月 , 李建立了1979年9月85名员工 , 根据其网站建立了一天 。
in this network the regional concept is limitlessly extended on informationization express highway .	在这个网络中 , 区域概念在信息化高速公路上无限扩展 。
i suggest we go to xxxx factory tomorrow morning , and go back to hangzhou from there , is that ok ?	我建议明天早上我们去xxxxxxx工厂 , 回到杭州 , 好吗 ?
we should learn how to face failure or misfortune bravely and generously and to try to deal with it .	我们应该学习如何面临失败或失败 , 勇敢地勇敢地 , 并且试图处理它 。
that means big birds have to evolve different molting patterns to deal with their slowpoke feathers .	这意味着大鸟必须进化不同的熔化模式来处理它们的缓慢的天气 。
table iii: solubility of the drugs , polymer and filler used in the study , in water and alcohol .	表iii:药物的溶解性、聚合物和填充剂在研究中使用 , 水和酒精 。
" so , when it comes time for dinner , " he says , " pasta sauce without added sugar tastes bland .	" 所以 , 当它来晚餐时 , " 他说 , " 巴萨达酱没有添加糖味的味道英国 。
china hp also hosts another important it event each year aimed for endusers called hp electronic world .	中国hp公司还主持另外一个重要的it活动 , 每年都为hp电子世界提供了一个叫做hp电子世界的最终用户 。
he knew that xinjian was considered inferior and that a better school might help her find a better life .	他知道 , 新疆被考虑到 , 更好的学校可能帮助她找到更好的生活 。
this example is an ifthen rule ; therefore , you would see the if condition and its corresponding action .	这个例子是一个ifthen规则 , 因此 , 您将看到如果条件和其相应的行为 。
they introduced bittorrent support ; browser gestures ; a nice mobile version . . .	它们介绍了特定的支持 ; 浏览器边缘 ; 一个漂亮的移动版本 。
in such situations , the endpoint address used at development time is simply a placeholder , and is rarely used .	在这样的情况下 , 开发时间使用的最终点地址只是一个位置 , 而且很少使用 。
impressed with her abilities , vozda offered fiolla a job in corporate sector law enforcement .	对于她的能力 , vozda提供了fiolla在企业部门法律实施中提供了一份工作 。
pincer and shock trooper ships were falling out of the sky like ducks on a bad day at the marsh .	皮克尔和冲击部队在马什的一天 , 就像鸭子一样落在空中 , 就像鸭子一样 。
objective: to analyse the effects of intertrochanteric fracture with dhs internal fixation in 60 cases .	目的:分析60例内固定dhs内固定的干扰性骨折的影响 。
the measurement of vector voltage can be got from the discrete sequential data of a sampled singal .	测量矢量电压的测量可以从样品中获得离散的序列数据 。
lillian:what if i tell her in a very nice way and bring her a sandwich to make her happy ?	莉莉安:如果我告诉她在一个很好的途中 , 给她带一个沙丘去做她的幸福吗 ?
the rockery , or peak , or shore , or mound or point to the role of the park in a certain extent .	岩石 , 岩石 , 或高峰 , 或海岸 , 或是向公园的角色有一定程度 。
you may want to say , " what do you mean by 'the self is vast' isn't that just spiritual claptrap ? "	你可能想说 , " 自我意味着 " 不仅仅仅仅是精神崩溃 ?
nasolabial angle only reflected change of upper lip , but could not reflect characters of facial profile .	鼻角只反映出上唇上唇的变化 , 但不能反映面部文件的特点 。
mavs coach rick carlisle said: " i'm so happy for him . i'm so happy for dirk . "	马夫斯教练里克·卡里斯勒说: " 我很高兴他 。 我对他很高兴 。 "
a new orders subindex fell slightly to 52 . 5 in october from 52 . 8 in september .	一个新的订单子指数下降至52.5点 , 在9月份从52.8点下降到52.5点 。
ibm filed an application for his green card for permanent residence in 2004 , and he has yet to receive it .	ibm在2004年为永久住宅提供了一个应用程序 , 他还没有收到它 。
3 coal mine , the article puts forward an automatic control system of mine pump house based on plc .	提出了一种基于plc的自动控制系统 , 提出了一种基于plc的自动控制系统 。
in those early days it moved men , it opened prison doors and made missionaries out of members .	在那些早期的时候 , 它打开了监狱门 , 把任务从成员中出来 。
conversely , using ctrl+c and ctrl+v to build new implementations takes only seconds .	相反 , 使用ctrl+c和ctrl+v构建新的实现只需要秒 。
the release of seawater from the rock will raise sea levels over time , but not by much , says schrag .	schrag说 , 从岩石中释放的海水将会提高海水平 , 但并不多 。
anyone diving from it to the pool would have to make an almost perfect dive or be splattered on the rocks .	任何人都死在池里 , 都必须让几乎完美的水平 , 或者在岩石上被抛弃 。
the serum was transported from anchorage to nenana by train where the first musher picked up the serum .	血清从锚索到尼纳纳 , 第一辆穆斯勒拿上了血清 。
and love happens to people of all ages , because one's internal life changes , as well as one's opportunities .	爱情发生在所有年龄的人们 , 因为一个内在生活的变化 , 以及一个人的机会 。
the chief suspect in the attack was al shabaab , a u . s . designated terrorist group that u .	袭击的首席嫌疑是阿尔巴巴巴巴巴巴巴 , 美国指定恐怖分子团体 。
for you this year , cheers for you today , tomorrow for your blessing: appearance and youth beautiful mood !	今年 , 今天为你感谢 , 今天你祝福 , 明天为您的祝福:出现和年轻美丽的情绪 !
the reason we say nondual though is because anytime you think of one , it’s always in reference to many .	我们说的原因是因为任何时候你认为 , 都是因为你认为的 , 总是参考很多 。
this year , he's getting 30 percent of his baskets off dunks , and only 68 percent are assisted .	今年 , 他已经获得了30%的篮子 , 只有68%的篮子 , 而且只有68%的帮助 。
equipment is also much more basic , involves fewer slots , and is all handled on a 3d paperdoll .	设备也比较基本 , 涉及少的槽 , 所有手工在3d纸币上 。
fig2 . the ring only shows up in meetings with vip clients to label its owner married and reliable...	图2.环只展示了与vip客户的会议 , 以实现其所有者结婚和可靠...
gas prices alone surged 3 . 3% in april , and are up 33 . 1% over the past year .	汽油价格每年4月增长3.3% , 过去一年上涨33.1% 。
obama stood and walked over to make small talk with pool reporters as roberts donned his black robe .	奥巴马站起来 , 走过去 , 和波尔记者一起谈话 , 罗伯特因为罗伯特因为他黑色的罗伯特·罗贝斯 。
situated at the beautiful and fertile town—ruian , which is " the motorcycle of china " .	位于美丽和肥胖的城镇 , 是 " 中国的摩托车 " 。
strongly appeal on the change in the role of primary school teachers in curriculum innovation .	强烈的呼吁在课程创新中的主要学校教师的角色 。
the slope mine under the town was slowly filled with salt brine making the surface subside .	镇下滑坡缓慢地填满盐刷 , 使表面补充 。
ingredients :wheat germ oil , chamomile , lavender , orange blossom , rose .	成分:小麦油 , 花瓣 , 灯 , 橙花 , 玫瑰 。
look at my feet , grandma frozen stiff decided to make a pair of cloth padded boots .	看看我脚 , 祖母冻结了 , 决定把一双衣服放在靴子上 。
it jumped up and down disrespectfully , mocking the hunting soldiers . it threw a nut at them .	它分别跳起来 , 打击猎兵 , 把猎人士兵打起来 , 把它们扔进去 。
of course you are bronbron , you're 19 years old . you haven't reached your prime yet .	当然你是布朗布朗 , 你是19岁的 , 你还没有达到你的首相 。
the methods of how to use additive reasonably and improve the quality of cathode coppers are discussed .	讨论了如何合理地使用添加剂 , 提高阴极铜质量的方法 。
the machine is a set of sharpening and polishing highprecision dualfunction in one of the sharpener .	机器是一组形形状的高精度双功能 , 是一组形状的形状和高精度的双功能 。
one thing absolute monarchs don't want is they don't want impediments to their personal rule .	一个事情绝对不想要的是 , 他们不希望他们的个人规则 。
lapd swat is very highly regarded as probably the best urban swat team in the country .	拉普德·瑞典很高地被认为是全国最好的城市游泳团队 。
room 905 , jinli mansion , no . 115 beizhan road , shenhe district , shenyang .	沈阳区九十五间 , 金利公司115号北山路 , 沈阳区 。
our girls never second guess themselves and they don’t talk themselves out of anything .	我们的女孩从来没有第二次猜到自己 , 他们不会谈论自己的事情 。
methods:the serological results of measles uncertain patients of 2006 in tangshan were analyzed .	方法:分析2006年唐山2006年不确定患者的血液学效果 。
trash , wooden pallets and any other flammable material must be removed from areas of hot work .	垃圾 , 木板和其他可燃材料必须从热工作领域删除 。
does the existence of this informal relationship give you the right to stretch the rules of the work environment ?	这种正式关系的存在 , 给你带来权利 , 把工作环境的规则放在了吗 ?
third , cover your tactics , psychological tactics is to protect the manipulation tool .	第三 , 覆盖你的战术 , 心理战术是保护操纵工具 。
in the third part of my paper i mainly elaborate the theory of ecosocialism and the commence on it .	第三部分论文主要阐述了生态社会主义的理论和其对生态社会主义的理论 。
in this paper , the audio file stored format and the method of restoration the audio waveform are analysed .	本文分析了音频文件存储格式及音频波形的方法 。
the material can be scorched rubber , flash overflow and unacceptable vulcanized product .	材料可分为橡胶、闪过流、不可接受的脆弱化产品 。
many a whale catties battle scars that were left by a squid's fierce struggles .	许多鲸鱼的捕鲸捕鱼被一只松鼠的激烈斗争留下来的痕迹 。
property damage was estimated to be between $81 and $108 billion , according to noaa .	据挪a报道 , 财产损害估计 , 房产损害在81美元和108亿美元之间 。
if it’s a business trip , i am clearly going to bring mostly business casual items .	如果它是一个业务旅行 , 我明显会带来大多数业务的项目 。
at last , literature were unscrambled , arranged , summarized and analyzed earnestly .	最后 , 文学文学并不包含 , 归纳 , 总结并分析了早期 。
it hasn't been reported that the coelomic fluid of earthworm shows nuclease activity .	据报道 , 地球气体的燃烧流体显示核活性 。
to achieve this in the above example , you use a regular expression to perform the replacement .	为了实现上述示例 , 您使用常规的表达式来执行替换 。
this paper has described the application of remote sensing technology in environmental monitoring .	介绍了遥感技术在环境监测中的应用 。
simulation ceramics ashes , straight safety mini crystal ceramics glass ;	仿真陶瓷 , 直线安全微晶体陶瓷玻璃 ;
they take themselves seriously the appearance of other in part , with be concerned about facesaving about .	他们认真地把自己看起来是另一部分的出现 , 关于面对的面对 。
the allergopharma allergic abstraction was used to detect the allergens with the skin prick test .	用过敏药物过敏抽象检测皮肤冲击试验的过敏原子 。
image: coral bleaching in australia’s great barrier reef/matt kiefer , flickr	图像:在澳大利亚大利亚的珊瑚泡沫在澳大利亚的大屏障/马特·凯弗 , 弗里克 。
for a quick , authentic meal , try the snack stalls down one of the side streets .	为了一个快速 , 真正的餐 , 尝试小吃停下一边的街道 。
a father , who is working hardly as an ironsmith , brings up his son under the hardship of living .	一个父亲 , 几乎不像铁匠一样工作 , 他的儿子在生活困难下带来了他的儿子 。
in the first chapter of the paper , a review of qsar and docking methods , progress and applications is presented .	第一章介绍了qsar和ocking方法、进展和应用的综述 。
the research development in catalysts for syndiotactic polymerization of styrene is reviewed .	综述了乙烯合成聚合物的催化剂的研究进展 。
have you attended a hospital to receive medical treatment or been hospitalised in the past two years ?	过去两年你参加医院接受医疗治疗或医院治疗吗 ?
abdominal tenderness is noted , and pelvic examination reveals cervical motion tenderness .	注意到腹部紧张度 , 胸腔检查显示颈部运动紧张度 。
cats and snakes are traditionally cooked together , given the name " dragon tiger fight " .	猫和蛇是传统烹饪的 , 给了 " 龙虎战 " 的名字 。
the id is also refereed to the pleasure principle , which also represents selfgratification .	同时 , id也指出了快乐原则 , 同时也代表自尊化 。
banks are not lining up to lend money on their own for construction of the newest generation of indian points .	银行并不兴奋把钱借给自己的建设 , 为印度最新的一代建设 。
this system can utilize the transmission bandwidth more efficiently and achieve frequency diversity .	本系统可以更有效地利用传输带宽 , 实现频率多样性 。
eventually it puts forward the focus of studying vbased solid solution type hydrogen stora...	最后提出了基于v基于v的固体解决方案的研究焦点 。
and the largest source of funds is the sales back to subsection , and has been carried out according to plan .	根据计划 , 最大的资金资金来源是销售回归 , 已经历了最大的资金来源 。
activated clay is prepared via reation of bentonite and sulfuric acid at high temperature .	在高温下 , 通过二元石与硫酸的关系制备了活性粘土 。
does your current lease allow you to request that your tenant vacate within a certain period of time ?	您的目前租赁允许您请求你在某些时期内 , 您的租赁吗 ?
wise investing is the surest path to financial independence and it's something everyone can work on .	智慧投资是金融独立的最终路径 , 是每个人都可以工作的东西 。
with thoughtful service and harmonious atmosphere , the nursing home is really the home of the aged .	随着思想的服务和谐的氛围 , 护士家里真的是老人家 。
college staff bought 332 magazines , 44 fiction and 29 nonfiction books .	大学员工买了32张杂志 , 44幅画和29本非填料书 。
mrs . cronin: my dear , why don't you tell me what it is . i'm sure i can help you .	克林先生:亲爱的 , 你为什么不告诉我 , 我确定我能帮助你 。
of course , humans could take over for the missing birds , pollinating by hand and sowing the seeds .	当然 , 人类可能会采取过错误的鸟类 , 通过手柄和抓住种子来进行调查 。
past efforts to reach a meeting of the minds on health care reform have ended in stalemate .	过去努力达到健康保健改革的一次会议 , 已经结束了稳定的 。
the company has its own research and development bases , and production bases in shangdong , shanghai and shanxi province .	本公司拥有自己的研究和发展基地 , 生产基地在上海、上海和山西省 。
" let's stay at one of the cheap motels on the edge of town , " kathleen suggested .	" 让我们住在城市边缘的廉价货物之一 , " kathleen建议 。
" so questions remain concerning both accuracy and also applicability to other solar cycles , " she said .	她说: " 因此 , 问题仍然关注精度 , 同时也适用于其他太阳周期 。 "
a tall man with white hair got out . it was albert , the husband of molly's sister .	一只白发的高高男子 , 是阿尔伯特 , 莫利的姐姐的丈夫 。
it's pouring in thailand ! a man walks down a bangkok street in heavy rains .	是在泰国 , 一个男人在大雨中走下一条黑色的街道 。
in the 1970's , americans avoiding service in the vietnam war arrived and put down roots .	在1970年代 , 美国人避免在越南战争的服务 , 抵达越南战争 , 放弃根源 。
major components: cactus extract cream , olive oil , vitamin b5 , geraniums .	主要组成部分:cactus提取液 , 橄榄油 , 维生素b5 , geraniums 。
in other words , even our worst jobsearch errors are the training ground for greater success .	换句话说 , 即使我们最糟糕的工作搜索错误是培训更大的成功 。
but of the many contrasts given here what i find mostinteresting is sorrowful yet always rejoicing .	但是 , 很多对比 , 我发现最有兴趣的事情 , 却总是很抱歉 。
we are surprised to hear about the damage . the order was carefully packed at our factory before shipment .	我们很惊讶地听到这个损坏 , 这个命令在我们的工厂之前被小心包装 。
winners take chances . like everyone else , they fear failing , but they refuse to let fear control them .	赢家们采取机会 , 比如其他人一样 , 他们担心失败 , 但他们拒绝让他们控制自己 。
police officers in the city aren't being fully paid and may not even have enough money for gas .	警察在城市里没有充分支付 , 甚至还不会有足够的钱给气体 。
part 4 learn the process of writing news articles like a reporter in this free journalism training video .	第四部分 , 学习新闻文章的写作过程 , 比如记者在这个自由期刊培训视频的记者 。
when there's a strong job market , organizations need to do whatever they can to attract top candidates .	当有一个强大的工作市场 , 组织需要做什么 , 不管他们可以吸引顶级候选人 。
being put in front of a client for the first time and asked to explain something was a daunting experience .	第一次在客户机前面 , 请求解释某些事情是一个日常的经历 。
don't fall into the trap of believing that because you can't test every line of code , you must test nothing .	不要落入相信 , 因为你不能测试每行的代码 , 你必须测试任何东西 。
the fifth partita was " the worst bach recording i've ever made . it was also the most pianistic . "	第五部分是 " 我曾经做过过的最糟糕的记录 , 还是最多的钢琴 。 "
fire and wind raged all around , snapping juniper trees and incinerating the sagebrush .	火焰和风吹起了全部 , 滑雪的朱尼珀树 , 加入了古老的碎树 。
the content of this page is from the illy port or illy customs import and export company directory ;	本页的内容是从illyport或illy海关进口和出口公司目录中来的 ;
i have expressed my concern through my paintings which visualising the tension between human and environment .	我曾经通过我的画面表达出关于我对人类和环境之间的张力 。
the high efficient allocation of system resource by using multithread application highly improved the system performance .	采用多线程应用程序高效分配系统资源的高效分配 , 提高了系统性能 。
in britain , men are recommended not to drink more than 21 units a week and women 14 .	在英国 , 男性建议不要喝超过21个单位 , 女性14岁 。
the time constant for pnipam in the collapsed state is nearly temperature and concentrationindependent .	崩溃状态中pnipam的时间不断变化 , 温度和浓度依赖 。
the exterior joinery elements will be in thermosprayed aluminum tinted charcoal gray .	外界约翰里元素将在热线铝镀铬铬灰 。
rotating packed bed is a new highgravity gasliquid masstransfer equipment developed in 1980 .	旋转包装床是1980年开发的一种新型高重力气体质量大规模设备 。
no matter what language i learn , i always try to look at my cup as ‘half full’ .	不管我学到的语言 , 我总是试图看看我的杯子 , 就像 " 全球 " 。
don’t be insulted if a cashier holds your bill up to the light to check its authenticity .	不要被绝缘 , 如果一名银行家抱住你的账单 , 来检查其实体性 。
despite the disappointments , milner , lammie and houston argue that dec salt can succeed .	尽管失望 , 米尔纳 , 拉米尔 , 拉米尔和霍斯顿认为 , 尽管它能成功 。
the airbus a320 was flying from moscow to geneva when the attempted hijacking occurred .	飞机a320正在从莫斯科飞到基内瓦时 , 试图冲突发生的时候飞往基内瓦 。
owning to the arrangement of the course , 50 students found 6 companies and cheerz company is one of them .	拥有6家公司和樱桃公司的学生安排 , 是其中一个 。
since that time , mcdonald's and its franchises have remodeled 11 , 000 stores .	自那时以来 , mcdonald和它的弗朗西斯已经删除了11 , 000家店 。
can the bookstores and libraries of this world stay viable and relevant in this age of edownloads ?	这个世界各地的书籍家和图书馆可以在这个年代的爱德华负载中保持可见性和相关性 ?
physicists could solve it for only a small number of cases , such as that of two parallel plates .	物理学家只能解决这两个并行板的几个案例 , 例如两个并行板 。
this finding adds yet more confusion to determining the best strategy for women with ntse acs .	这个发现还增加了更多的困惑 , 以确定女性的最佳策略 。
nor did i agree with his somewhat emotional assessment of me as a " unique moron . "	我并不同意他的一些情感评估我是个 " 独特的摩龙 " 。
ehrlich’s book , the population bomb , made him the mostfamous of modern malthusians .	埃哈里奇的书 , 人口炸弹 , 使他成为现代马尔西斯人口最大的地方 。
for example , there are restrictions that make it all but impossible to sell f22s to japan .	例如 , 有限制 , 使它全部不可能卖f22到日本 。
mathias is a typical midfielder with important potential which he will have to show on the pitch .	马萨西亚是一个典型的中场者 , 他必须展示在菲律宾上 。
just last saturday we saw each other again in berlin , along with mikhail gorbachev .	上星期六我们再次看到柏林 , 与米克哈尔戈尔·戈尔巴切夫一起 。
the name of this fruit , yes , this is technically a fruit , comes from nahuatl , too .	这个水果的名字 , 是的 , 这是技术上是一个水果 , 来自南华 , 还有 。
as soon as the monkey king goes into the cave , the other animals cover the cave door with rocks .	很快 , 猴王走进洞里 , 另一个动物覆盖了洞门 , 石头上 。
its way more m2m than is necessary , but it certainly does the job of giving the best of them .	它的方法比m2m2mmmmmmmm-mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
founded as a furtrading post , it developed rapidly after the coming of the railroad in1881 .	建立在1881年的铁路之后 , 迅速发展 。
i found the distance to our main tent hard enough going , never mind a trek to the north pole .	我发现距离我们的主要帐篷难以置信 , 永远不会想到北极 。
the reactions were manifested by allergic shock , purpura , urticaria and angioedema .	这些反应由过敏性冲击、紫外线、尿尿和血管瘤表现出来 。
there are many minor gold deposits in the periphery of huanglin anticlinal . nucleus .	黄林抗林周围有很多小的金矿床 , 核矿 。
a bottomup itcentric approach focusing on discovery and characterization of existing it assets .	一个底部的it集中方法集中于发现和现有的it资产的特征 。
to be engaged in studying a role so as to be able to replace the regular performer when required .	为了研究一个角色 , 所以在需要的时候 , 可以替代常规的表演员 。
the average skews higher than the median because of a few very high incomes , deaton explained .	德拉顿解释说 , 这些平均水平比媒体更高 , 因为媒体的收入很高 。
furthermore , the plugin may overwrite your changes the next time it regenerates the site .	此外 , 插件可能将您的下一个时间重新生成网站 。
now we never completed the study so we never wrote it up , but we did find some interesting preliminary things .	现在我们从来没有完成这项研究 , 所以我们从来没有写出它 , 但是我们发现一些有趣的早期事情 。
it will have to fight against that , even if the new ngage delivers an excellent gaming experience .	即使新的语言交付了一个优秀的游戏经验 , 就算必须对此战斗 。
if you find an apartment you like , submit an application to the landlord or property manager immediately .	如果你发现你喜欢的公寓 , 将应用程序提交到土地或财产经理立即 。
the date can also recruit superior nodachi units as well: attack is a date watchword !	日期也可以恢复优越的诺达奇单位:攻击是一个日期的表单 !
the single chromosome obtained in the study is rice field eel chromosome 3 ;	研究中获得的单色体染色体是稻田3种染色体 ;
hesse created minimal sculptures that retain a relationship to the organic through shape and texture .	赫斯特创造了最小雕塑 , 保留一个与有机形状和纹理相关的关系 。
there was no history of trauma , apart from her having undergone acupuncture several years previously .	除了前几年以前 , 还没有历史的悲剧 , 除了她的地下竞争对手 。
in addition to myers , also described by western tourists by nontibetans cruel attack .	除了神秘之外 , 还描述了西方游客通过非蒂班人破产攻击的西方游客 。
other countries , notably india , must calibrate their government finances even more carefully .	其他国家 , 不可能印度 , 必须更仔细地庆祝他们的政府财务 。
production begins in the fall and the film is expected to be released in the summer of 2011 .	在2011年夏天 , 生产开始下降 , 电影将于201年夏天发布 。
boring but serious english you are the redthreadwoven ball that i have dreamed to obtain .	沸腾但严重的英语你是我梦想得到的红色读者的球 。
the shabab now control only 40% of mogadishu proper , down from about 60% a few months ago .	目前 , 沙巴现在只控制了40%的摩加迪u合适 , 从几个月前的60%下降 。
and with warm weather predicted in spain , the german said his day of karting should stand him in good stead .	随着温暖的天气预测到西班牙 , 德国人说 , 他的日子应该站在好的稳定阶段 。
results: 108 canals were successfully reopened with a successful rate of 92 . 3% .	结果:108例口腔成功重建 , 成功率为92.3% 。
some complex flow characteristics such as separation , circumfluence appears around spur dikes .	一些复杂的流动特性如分离、环流影响出现周围的火柴 。
well , that was very decided indeed that does seem as if but , however , it may all come to nothing , you know .	然而 , 这确实是非常决定的 , 看起来就像是如果 , 但是 , 它可能都没什么东西 , 你知道 。
van der sloot has said he left holloway on a beach near her hotel after they had kissed .	范德·斯洛斯说 , 在她亲吻的酒店附近离开了好莱坞的海滩 。
here she talks not only about real risk factors , she also rules out signs that could be misread .	在这里 , 她不仅谈论真正的危险因素 , 她也规定出来的标志 , 可能是错误的标志 。
this is no more effective than prayer which when it does seem to work can be explained away as coincidence .	这并不比祈祷者更有效 , 当它似乎可以解释为合作的时候 , 就可以解释出来 。
twopieces adjustable ladder can be designed and manufactured according to order demand .	根据秩序需求 , 可以设计和制造两个可调的梯度 。
no sign of an epic clash of the titans such as the 1980's maradona platini one .	没有像1980年的马拉多纳帕丁尼一样的泰坦人那样 , 没有迹象 。
ltd . dongguan branch is a good faith for the purpose of formal professional decoration company .	东莞分行有限公司是我国正式专业装饰有限公司的良好信仰 。
'all of the sudden , everything i loved about the city was just so frightening to me , ' she said .	她说: " 突然 , 我喜欢的一切事情都是那么恐怖的 , 只是对我来说 。 "
several theoretical examples given in the paper show that the terrain correction of the surface ...	本文给出了几种理论实例 , 表明了表面的地面的地面修正 。
the second instance indicates the code page used at the source , which is also windows usenglish .	第二个实例表明 , 在源中使用的代码页面也是窗口使用的 。
however , the reelability has a negative relationship with the speed of heating if the set temperature is high .	然而 , 如果设置温度高 , 可溶性能与加热速度有负相关 。
yea , chinese history is great , and chinese food is awesome . let's enjoy our lunch man .	是的 , 中国历史很棒 , 中国的食物是宝贵的 。 让我们享受我们的午餐男人 。
charlotte wrote as currer bell , emily as ellis bell , and anne as acton bell .	查洛特写道 , 作为当前的贝尔 , 艾米莉作为ellisbell , 安妮作为行动bell 。
i shall never forget those days when i lived in the army with the soldiershas a great effect on my life .	我永远不会忘记这些日子 , 当我住在军队的时候 , 士兵对我的生活有很大的影响 。
the first thing bram did upon his return was run to mo , giving her hugs and kisses .	第一件事 , 布莱姆回到了他的回报 , 给她的丈夫和吻了 。
fortunately , gout is treatable , and there are ways to reduce the risk that gout will recur .	幸运的是 , 治理可靠 , 减少治理的风险 , 减少治理的风险 。
every element has a method to return the label of its category and a method to bind the clicking action .	每个元素都有一个方法 , 返回其类别的标签 , 还有一个方法来绑定克服行为 。
england setup with a stopper and cover , this exploits the talents of terry and ferdinand .	英格兰与一个停止者和覆盖 , 这个探索了泰里和费德南德的才能 。
this underlines that you should use double indexes if you want semantically correct numeric comparisons .	如果你想要语义上正确的数字比较 , 那么你应该使用双指标 。
university of the freedom of living people to temporarily forget the past , and floated up to enjoy the present .	居住大学的自由 , 暂时忘记过去的忘记了 , 浮起来享受现在 。
tritium emits a weak form of radiation that does not travel very far in the air and cannot penetrate the skin .	三倍体发出了一种弱的辐射形式 , 不能在空气中传播 , 而且不能渗透皮肤 。
finally , concrete suggestions and measures are proposed for the implementation of the group' s development strategy .	最后 , 针对集团开发战略的实施 , 提出了具体建议和措施 。
in general and basically , i'm still one of those who are beneficial and harmless to the mankind and our society .	总体来说 , 我仍然是一个有益的 , 对于人类和社会有害的人类和无害的人之一 。
this erosional basin was closed and evolved into a depositional basin during middle late pleistocene .	这种腐蚀盆地被关闭 , 进化到沉积盆地中晚期 。
additionally , enthalpy and entropy both contributed to enantioseparation when mobile phase was acetonitrile .	另外 , 当移动相位移动相位移动时 , 能量和熵都有助于足够的分离 。
each change brought fresh accessories , clothing , jewelry and body colors to the new collection .	每个变化都带来了新鲜的配件 , 衣服 , 衣服 , 珠宝和身体颜色到新收藏 。
while meeting financial group influence in foreign hotel to press on to the border , is because " wolf " come .	尽管会议金融集团对外国酒店的影响 , 但对边界有影响 , 是因为 " 狼 " 来 。
" of the four wars in my lifetime none came about because the u . s . was too strong . " ronald reagan .	" 在我生命的四个战争中 , 没有人到来 , 因为美国太强了 。 " 罗纳德·雷根 。
in september , the company slashed its sales forecast for 2010 by 25% to 600 , 000 vehicles .	9月 , 本公司推出了2010年9月的销售预测 , 达到2010年的25% , 至6000辆汽车 。
isn't that against china's principle of noninterference in the internal affairs of other countries ?	反对中国的非干扰原则 , 其他国家内部事务的非干扰原则吗 ?
objective:to investigate the electroneuographical characteristics in patients with guillianbarre syndrome .	目的:探讨吉利亚巴尔综合征患者电流图学特点 。
because the kidneys produce carnitine , kidney disease could lead to a deficiency of carnitine in the body .	由于肾脏产生的肾脏病 , 肾脏病可能导致身体缺乏碳酸的缺陷 。
to worship others blindly and belittle others at will are both factually the display of lack of selfconfidence .	为了保证别人 , 诚信别人 , 事实上两者都是缺乏自信的显示 。
he posited that animals acquired certain traits during their lifetimes because of their environment and choices .	他说 , 动物在生命期间获得了一定的特点 , 因为它们的环境和选择 。
gaps are left between the outer cylinder and the inner cylinder , and air in gaps is pumped into vacuum .	外缸和内缸之间的差距离开 , 空气在空气中被泵入真空 。
we'd like someone to design a vector illustration of this fun , cute , accessible monstertype character .	我们喜欢有人设计这个乐趣的矢量解释 , 可访问monstertype字符 。
913 and , he didn't publish anything related to the lewis structure until about 1912 or 1913 .	913和1913年 , 他没有出版任何与法律结构相关的事情 , 直到1912年或1913年 。
dynamic program data from backend business logic can also be placed at the specified location in the html .	后端业务逻辑的动态程序数据也可以放置在html中指定位置 。
experimental results on plasma instability and potential confinement configuration in mm4u tandem mirror are presented .	给出了mmmmm4utm4u线镜中血浆不稳定性和潜在限制配置的实验结果 。
so , these onchanging properties that describe the state of the equilibrium state of the system are called state variables .	因此 , 这些交换性能描述了系统平衡状态的状态 , 被称为状态变量 。
an optimal sequencing of the storage elements in the single scan chain design for testability is presented in the paper .	介绍了单扫描链设计中存储元素的最佳序列 。
in this paper , macroporous resin was used to treat wastewater resulting from manufacturing sulfanilamide .	本文采用宏观树脂处理废水 , 从制造硫化硫化硫化硫化物中处理废水 。
to be responsible for the partymasses work of administration and its directly affiliated institutions .	负责党制度的工作 , 直接实施行政机构的工作 。
the gentleman was infinitely resourceful and had close contacts in the army and in political circles .	温格尔曼在军队和政治环境中有着很大的资源 , 而且在军队和军队中有着密切的联系 。
a motor vehicle which reaches the standards for being discarded as unserviceable shall not run on road .	一辆汽车到达标准的汽车 , 由于不可维护的汽车不能在路上运行 。
used for the treatment of acute and chronic enteritis and diarrhea caused by bacterium or fungus .	用于急性和慢性肠炎的治疗 , 由细菌或真菌引起的腹泻和腹泻 。
other agreements in 1880 and 1892 sealed the protectorate status of bahrain to the british .	1880年和1892年的其他协议将巴林的保护地位封闭到英国 。
objective: to observe the effects of synthetical rehabilitation cure on guillainbarre syndrome .	目的:观察合成康复疗法对糖尿病综合征综合征综合征综合征的影响 。
small doohickey 2: sunshine fades not more easily than be being cleaned in day of overcast and rainy .	小剂量dohicky2:阳光不容易被清洗 , 而且在过去和雨中清洗 。
the four vessels were then reinforced by two type 037 antisubmarine patrol crafts .	然后通过两种类型037型抗血管工艺加强了四艘船舶 。
so research and development as a new treatment for burns and wound healing of the drug become yet to resolve the issue .	因此 , 研究和发展作为烧伤和伤口愈合的一种新的治疗方法 , 还不能解决这个问题 。
represent medicine: much pepsin , pancreatin , more enzymatic piece , mai feiming wait .	代表医学:很多pepsin , 胰腺素 , 更多的酶素 , 更多的等待 。
increasing starch concentration had little influence on the gab parameters but nonetheless decreased aw .	增加淀粉浓度对垃圾参数的影响很少 , 但没有减少aw 。
deputy mayor he jihua meets with principal members of kagoshima cultural exchange group .	首席执行长jihua与喀古希马文化交流集团的主要成员会晤 。
current champion ronnie o'sullivan believes ding junhui has what it takes to go all the way .	目前的冠军罗尼·奥斯兰夫相信 , 丁俊惠有什么东西 , 都需要了 。
timely deployment of work safety , strict implementation of territorial regulatory responsibility .	随时部署工作安全 , 严格实施领土监管责任 。
the public security work in poor areas will face favorable opportunities of development and confront grim challenges .	贫困地区的公安工作将面临良好的发展机遇 , 面临着严峻的挑战 。
today's dynamic business needs are driving it departments to implement standardsbased computing .	今天的动态业务需求正在驱动it部门 , 以实现基于标准的计算 。
it plans to equip other ultralight kits with electric motors ranging from 10 to 60 kilowatts .	它计划设备其他超光电动机 , 从10到60公斤的电动机上运动 。
mgm has now been taken over by new owners , however , and its money troubles appear to be a thing of the past .	然而 , mgm现在已经被新老板采取了 , 而它的钱的麻烦似乎是过去的一件事 。
let us consider that we are all insane . it will explain us to teach each other . it will unriddle many riddles .	让我们考虑到我们都是印尼人 , 它将解释我们彼此相互教导 , 这将不会让许多骑士 。
but there are a variety of things about people who can communicate from the dead or ghosts or seances or what have you .	但是 , 对于那些可以从死人或鬼人交流的人们 , 还有各种事情 , 或者你有什么事情 。
sift together the dry ingredients into mixing bowl . add in diced butter and knead to form dough .	sift一起将干燥成分混合碗加入混合碗中 , 将黄油添加到一起 , 形成粗糙的成分 。
yet despite much speechifying from bankerbashing politicians , such views do not seem to have taken hold .	然而 , 尽管从银行的政治家们讲话很多 , 这样的观点似乎没有取得持有 。
customers will pay 2 star prices for a 5 star offering , a value proposition unmatched in the market place .	客户将支付2颗明星价格为5颗恒星提供 , 价值建议在市场上不匹配 。
i think the reader gets the point . at some point we're all acted like this: we've been too busy to do god's work .	我认为读者得到了这一点 , 在某些时候 , 我们都像这样行动:我们太忙了 , 去做神的工作 。
and basically everything what agassi and rios , and some other guys , what they have in life is thanks to the tennis .	基本上 , 所有的事情都是加斯西和里索 , 以及一些其他人 , 他们在生活中有什么感谢网球 。
in many cases they interfere with the normal economic order in our country affecting the market of many highquality goods .	在许多情况下 , 他们与我国正常经济秩序相互干涉 , 影响了许多高质量货品市场的影响 。
tax related crimes include all kinds of offence aganist china's tax system according to chinese criminal law .	根据中国刑事法规定 , 税收相关犯罪包括各类有机组织主义中国的税收制度 。
first , image capture and pantilt control are firstly achieved based on hikivision's image capture board .	首先 , 基于hikivision的图像捕获板的图像捕获 , 首先实现图像捕获和捕获控制 。
the other part may be steeped in the principles of debate , such as identifying fallacies , or understanding bias .	另一个部分可能是在争论原则上稳定 , 例如识别faacies , 或者理解偏见原则 。
this is true whether you are doing street photography or visiting a natural or manmade site .	这是真正的 , 你是否在做街道摄影 , 或者访问自然或人造网站 。
if you can't make a lateral leap , look for ways to expand your current position in the direction of your interests .	如果你不能做一个外腿 , 寻找方法来扩展目前的位置在你的利益方向 。
your breath will come in through the crown of your head and will fill your body in a manner you are not really accustomed to .	你的呼吸将会通过你的头部的冠军 , 将会填补你的身体 , 你的身体 , 你不会习惯于你的身体 。
according to the variation of pressure and speed , optimize the model to reduce the pressure loss .	根据压力和速度的变化 , 优化模型 , 降低压力损失 。
it becomes a hot topic these years . the major characteristics of channel are multipath transmission and shadow effect .	这些年来 , 通道的主要特点是多路径传输和阴影效应 。
" every time negotiations are underway , money always makes the decision , " pellegrino told sport . es .	" 每次谈判都处于底下 , 金钱总是使决策 , " 普莱格里诺告诉运动 。
shampoos and other products designed to open scalp pores do not stop hair loss or promote regrowth of hair .	莎米poos和其他产品设计的开放标准孔不停止头发损失或促进头发的增长 。
the results from greenhouse experiment showed that the efficiency of biocontrol could arrived at 72 . 1% .	温室试验结果表明 , 生物控制效率可达到72.1% 。
of course , none of us thought we'd be sitting on top of that peak in the not too distant future .	当然 , 没有人认为我们在不太远的未来 , 我们都不会坐在那峰顶上 。
this week in our series , larry west and tony riggs describe an antiwar movement that was growing .	本周在我们的系列、拉里西部和托尼·里格斯描述了一种抗war运动 , 正在增长 。
even tutoring at a forprofit learning center or leading tours at a historic site required a master’s .	即使在一个前提的学习中心 , 还是在一个历史的网站上 , 还需要一个主人 。
the bct fee will be waived for all singaporeans and singapore prs above 16 years old .	bct费用将在16岁以上的新加坡人和新加坡人士等待 。
so in this paper , the way of realization of the hl7 middleware on multiparameters monitor is intro duced .	介绍了hl7中间件实现方法 , 介绍了多参数监测器的实现方法 。
i’m on the shit list in my platoon for quitting , and my chain of command won’t move me if i ask .	我正在在我的柏拉图上列表 , 我的命令链 , 如果我问话 , 我的话 , 我的命令链不会移动我 。
the chongqing upt head hunting company is taken as an example to do a preliminary research in operating pattern .	重庆上升头猎企业作为一项初步研究模式的例子 , 为了做一项初步研究 。
the model of effect information entropy project risk analysis has its unique theory and method in solving these problems .	信息熵的效应模型在解决这些问题中具有独特的理论和方法 。
the businessschool method of valuing shares is based on the discounted value of future dividend payments .	基于未来分支的价值分支价值的折扣价值的商业学校方法 。
how can you say so ? without breach in continuity how can there be rebirth ? can there be renewal without death ?	你怎么说 ? 你怎么说 ? 无法在持续性上呼吸 ? 可以再生吗 ?
censure: a punishment in which the mage is warned against future violations , similar to parole .	刑罚:一个惩罚 , 大规模警告未来违反未来违反的违反 , 类似于侵略 。
the next section explains this cost more fully as it explores how startup costs are initially incurred .	下一节解释了这个成本更全面 , 因为它探讨了启动成本如何启动成本 。
a scientific study of athletics is the process of cognition to reveal the essence in things and their objective laws .	运动员的科学研究是认知的过程 , 揭示了事物中的精神和客观法 。
but feiler's wife , linda , had a hunch that something was wrong: " you know as a wife , as a spouse .	但菲尔的妻子林达 , 曾经有一个猎人 , 是错误的: " 你知道一位妻子 , 就像一只蜘蛛一样 。 "
in principle , each copy of the genome ; s estimated 60 , 000 genes is exactly the same .	在原则上 , 每个基因组的复制 , 估计600000基因的每个版本都是同样的 。
if there are no or not enough researchers looking into this subject , what should this author be entreating the government to do ?	如果没有足够的研究人员寻找这个主题 , 应该把这项作者发出来 , 政府应该怎么办呢 ?
again , if you want to match either of these characters verbatim , you must use an escaping backslash .	再次 , 如果你想要匹配这些字符的字符 , 就必须使用一个逃跑的背景 。
however , when using the model for the 2008 european championship , the forecast winner did not make it to the second round .	然而 , 当2008年欧洲冠军的运用模式时 , 预测赢家并没有把它变成第二轮 。
with multifunctional die , the square and round hole angle steel flange can be manufactured .	采用多功能死亡 , 可制造出平方和圆孔角钢梁 。
good mind is broad , generous , and tolerant of the universe for the benefit of mankind the common people .	好心是广阔的、慷慨的 , 和宇宙的耐受 , 为人类的利益而言 , 是人类的好处 。
here , i first of all express our most sincere congratulations to the class group achieved outstanding results and classmates !	在这里 , 我首先表达了我们最诚挚的祝贺 , 为班级团体实现了优秀的结果和同学 !
yalong bay center place , won a national construction " luban award " modern garden plaza .	沿着湾中心的地方 , 赢得了全国建设 " luban奖 " 现代园林广场 。
for some weeks , my 26yearold son , david , had been after me to go with him to atlantic city , n .	几个星期 , 我的26岁儿子大卫 , 曾经我和他一起去大西洋城 , 美国 。
the bank had the trust of its customers and had not seen any meaningful outflow of funds , tilmant said .	泰尔曼特说 , 银行拥有其客户的信任 , 并没有看到任何有意义的资金流出 。
endurance swimmer diana nyad has become the first person to swim from cuba to the us without a shark cage .	保险游泳员迪安娜·尼亚已经成为美国第一个人从古巴到美国 , 没有鲨鱼笼子游泳 。
" it would be irresponsible for the president to veto this legislation , " boehner told reporters .	波特纳告诉记者说: " 对于总统来说 , 这种法律不负责 。 "
their personal stories show the tragic reality of cancer in poor countries and its strong impact on people and their families .	他们的个人故事显示了贫困国家的癌症现实和其对人和家庭的影响 。
after akmal shaikh , the mentally ill man , is executed tomorrow – you are on short rations for a year !	天行之后 , 精神疾病的人 , 明天你在一年都是短期的行为 !
anyone who violates the regulations or disobey theexaminer will be handled according to related regulations .	任何人违反规定或违反审查人员的任何人都将按照相关规定进行处理 。
perhaps less than a kiloton , which sounds like a lot but is actually small as nuclear devices go .	也许 , 几乎没有一个kiloton , 听起来像很多 , 但实际上很小 , 就像核装置一样 。
at a more basic level , americans are afraid not just of dying , but of talking and thinking about death .	在一个更基本的基本水平上 , 美国人害怕不仅仅是死亡 , 而且在谈论和思考死亡 。
tan later , " juying lu pen consciousness " that read: " china's great sages , no clouds change also .	晚些时候 , " 茱琳·潘认识 " 这个阅读: " 中国的伟大时代 , 没有云子变化 。
prf global inc is a u . s . a . corporation located in huntington beach , california .	prf全球inc是美国公司位于华盛顿海滩 , 加利福尼亚 。
typically , large manufacturers will have a quality system that exceeds the medical device qs regulation .	通常 , 大型制造商将拥有超过医疗设备qs规范的质量系统 。
a man who likes to moralize is usually a hypocrite , and a woman who does the same is invariably plain .	一个喜欢道德化的人通常是一个假说 , 一个女人 , 同样的女人是不可避免的平原 。
though none of us will individually alter the course of the universe , collectively we can do this !	尽管我们不会个人改变宇宙的过程 , 集体上我们可以这样做 !
" but , " he added , " through the grace of god and wisdom of our leaders , these plots were neutralized . "	" 但是 , " 他补充道 , " 通过我们领导人的神和智慧 , 这些插件被中性化 。 "
a survey of arbuscular mycorrhizae of wild flowers in longtou mountain area and its application ;	一项调查了龙头山地区野花的野生植物的野生植物及其应用 ;
remember , the name of god represents the god we name , and the lord god himself is this tower .	记住 , 神的名字代表了我们所名的神 , 耶和华上帝自己是这座塔 。
to safely use wasted onebase propellant , detonation occasion of charge was judged through witness steelplate .	为了安全使用一个基于浪费的推广剂 , 通过证据的钢板判断了电荷的情况 。
since fda began scrutinizing the drugs last march , shares of amgen have sunk 27 percent . u .	自去年3月以来 , 法达开始崩溃药品 , amgen的股价已经超过27%的美国 。
this paper is a summary on the experimental investigation of almg alloys with the alloying addition of re .	综述了阿尔马格合金的合金加入 , 对阿尔马格合金的实验调查进行了总结 。
this is unzipped on the broker and saved on the broker's file system according to message set .	根据消息集的消息 , 这并未被保存在broker的文件系统上 。
the book's writer , john b . watson , urged extreme firmness in dealing with children .	这本书的作家约翰·博森在处理儿童的极端坚定性 。
you shouldn’t need that many more words to explain what the picture means or why you’ve included it .	你不应该需要更多的话来解释图片的意思 , 或者你所包含的原因 。
pepper , basil , oregano , turmeric , thyme , lime , onion and garlic are only a beginning .	普尔 , 巴西 , 甘油 , 土耳其 , 你的 , 汤米 , 狮子 , 洋葱 , 花园只是一开始 。
try and clear your mind before bed time and make an effort to think positive thoughts that aid sleep .	试着在床前清理你的思想 , 让你想起积极的想法 , 帮助睡眠 。
but after china joined the npt in 1992 and the nsg in 2004 , it reined in such help , at least officially .	但是在中国加入了1992年的npt , 2004年的npt和nsg , 至少正式地恢复了这样的帮助 。
haun ni asked molly , whats the matter , molly asked kim she isnt a person can love a person no longer love ?	汉妮问莫莉 , 什么事情 , 莫莉问金 , 她没有一个人能爱一个人吗 ?
the problem lies in the insufficiency and low efficiency of humancapital investment in rural areas in china .	中国农村资本投资的不足和低效率的问题在于我国农村地区 。
for a while , aunt fan had large breasts too—they'd open up and she'd pull stuff out .	为了一段时间 , 阿姨扇也有大面包 , 它们也开了 , 她会把东西拉出来 。
most of the characters have no mouths , dot eyes , and stick limbs ; those with lips are unintelligent .	大多数字符都没有嘴巴 , 眼睛 , 眼睛 , 粘着嘴唇 , 嘴唇不聪明 。
grandma , tell me how you make everything so delicious ? someday i want to be the best cook there ever was , just like you .	爷爷 , 告诉我你怎么做的事情 , 有天我想做最好的烹饪 , 就像你一样 。
romania , under its president , traian basescu , is a bastion of atlanticism in the black sea region .	罗马尼亚在其总统的罗马尼亚 , 是黑海地区的大西洋主义的基础 。
the direct link between alcohol and the liver is well understood but what about the impact of alcohol on other organs ?	酒精与肝脏之间的直接联系是很好的理解 , 但酒精对其他组织的影响是什么 ?
but i do think it is time to reevaluate the things i do have and whether or not they add any value to my existence .	但是我认为这是时间评估我所做的事情 , 是否有任何价值来评估我存在的事情 。
the last recipe item in the list , shown in listing 5 , contains an additional html class: onlinerequired .	清单5中显示的最后一个接收项目 , 包含一个额外的html类:网上需要 。
acronym for " thank god its almost friday " , word is only usually used on thursday .	周五 , " 谢上帝 " 的周五 , 这个词通常只是在周四使用 。
ed begely jr . , the 61yearold activist and actor , has been doing it for longer than any of them .	爱德·吉尔先生 , 61岁的活动家和演员 , 曾经做过它比任何人更长 。
i'm tough , i'm ambitious , and i know exactly what i want . if that makes a bad woman , okay .	我很艰难 , 我很抱歉 , 我知道我想要的 , 如果那个坏女人 , 那就好了 。
we asked relationship experts what you should discuss before getting hitched . here are 13 questions they came up with .	我们询问联系专家在接触之前应该讨论的事情 , 这里有13个问题 。
gady epstein , beijing bureau chief for forbes , has been covering china and asia since 2002 .	2002年以来 , 北京官僚首席福布斯坦盖茨坦 , 自2002年以来已覆盖中国和亚洲 。
our first stop was dongcheng , the county seat of dongguan –already an emerging force in export trade .	我们的第一个停车是东城 , 东莞市的座位已经成为出口贸易的出口部队 。
we had legislation about the national health service passed 10 years ago and nothing has happened since .	十年前 , 我们已经立法解决了全国卫生服务的立法 , 直到十年前 , 没有事情发生 。
till now , the paper constructs a framework according to the model which root in theory and tested by practice .	直到目前 , 本文根据实践的理论和实践 , 建立了一个框架 。
the passer touches a person to let them know he needs to get through but allows his hand to linger longer than necessary .	乘客触摸一个人 , 让他们知道自己需要通过 , 但让手能够比必要更久 。
he went to her , scolded her gently for her earlier faithlessness , and assured her that her search was over .	他走到她身边 , 轻轻地为她早期的信心无信 , 保证她的搜索已经过去了 。
unzip sj_tomcat . zip to the root of your tomcat installation’s webapps directory .	unzipip-jtomcat.zip到您的tmcat安装的webapps目录 。
the team showed only those cells with ezh2 phosphorylated by cdk1 differentiated into bone cells .	这个团队只显示了通过cdk1分化成骨细胞的细胞 , 只有这些细胞与ezh2磷相关的细胞 。
but the chinese does not recognize this fact , nor if he should do so would it diminish his sense of innate superiority .	但是中国并不认识这种事实 , 也不应该这样做 , 这样就会消除自己的优越感 。
the aim of the study was to investigate the effects of plant growth regulatorliduo was on wheat yield .	研究目的是探讨植物生长调节剂对小麦产量的影响 。
whenever we forget these basic truths about gifts , it always causes trouble in the church .	每当我们忘记这些基本的真理 , 总是在教堂里引起麻烦 。
in order for the world to realize the coming of maitreya , a number of conditions must be fulfilled .	为了世界实现马里亚的来临 , 必须实现许多条件 , 必须完成 。
doctor frank paul is an expert in glaciology from swiss federal institute of technology .	弗兰克·保罗是瑞士联邦科技学院的一名专家 。
bud film contract and leaf long , lozenge or wedge , have notch shape a toothlike part of anything .	预算电影合同和叶片长 , 失去或婚礼 , 没有像任何东西一样的牙齿形成 。
perform monitoring , inspection and quality control at inhouse and subcontractor steel fabrication and welding section .	实现监测、检测和质量控制在室内和子承包机制造和焊接部门的监测、检测和质量控制 。
this invention describes a hydroxylamine benzene dismutase , its coding gene and applications .	本发明描述了一种羟基胺苯分散酶、其编码基因和应用程序 。
close shop to try and control monetization and you can only rely on your own internal innovation machine & capital .	密切的商店尝试和控制货币化 , 只能依靠自己的内部创新机械和资本 。
it might be possible to get those same restrictedcalorie benefits from parttime dieting , the researchers said .	研究人员说 , 可能有可能获得相同的限制性的食物 , 这些食物的利益也许是有可能的 。
the relief effort wasn't enough to get assembly lines restarted elsewhere , however .	然而 , 救援的努力并不足以获得组装线路的其他地方 , 然而 。
address: room 201 , 4th block , ceramics research insitrute , fengxi road , chaozhou , china .	地址:201房间2014层块 , 陶瓷研究引起了垃圾、凤溪路、潮州、中国 。
a palladium phthalocyaninepvc membrane electrode for thiocyanate ion was prepared .	制备了一种用于甲酸乙酸离子的甲烷乙烯离子膜电极 。
the stub and skeleton objects also take care of beginning and committing containermanaged transactions .	stub和skeleton对象也需要关心开始和承诺容器管理事务的开始和承诺 。
and i will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth , blood , and fire , and pillars of smoke .	我会想到在天上和地上 , 血 , 和火 , 还有烟 。
since the beginning of the new century , the beginning of the largescale introduction of this subject .	自从新世纪开始以来 , 这个主题的大规模引入开始 。
he founded an authentic transaction network for famous chinese modern paintings and calligraphies in 2004 .	他在2004年建立了一家著名的中国现代画和书法网络 。
communication with inotify is established through a system call . the available functions are as follows	通过系统调用 , 建立了与inotify的通信 , 可用函数就如下 。
sleepwalking is one of the disturbances of consciousness that fall in the scope of psychopaths .	睡眠行为是心理操作范围下降的意识之一 。
a: those who entered china illegally have violated china's law . they should be handled by china according to the law .	答:根据中国法律 , 进入中国的法律 , 进入中国的法律 , 应当被中国人处理 。
and the blood test is reliable as early as seven weeks into the pregnancy , whereas ultrasound is not .	血液试验早期与妊娠7周的早期相比 , 超声测试并不可靠 。
psc media also increased the amount and the caliber of blood vessel in cam model in vivo .	psc媒体也增加了血管在vio模型中血管中血管的数量和血管的增加 。
now read the text , have rarely been touched , and enjoy the film , often tears in your eyes .	现在阅读文本 , 很少被触摸 , 享受电影 , 常常泪在你的眼睛里 。
failing that , his wife will have a sizable dossier with evidence of infidelity to confront him with .	失败的是 , 他的妻子将有一个可怕的剂量 , 证据证据证明他面对他 。
the key is embolic infarction is a focal change , whereas autolytic change is global and diffuse .	关键是空间距离是一个焦点变化 , 而且自动变化是全球和扩散的 。
i hope shasha's classmates or friends coming abroad can read your essays if possible .	如果可能的话 , 我希望莎的同学还是来国外的朋友可以阅读你的评论 。
the catv graphical components library , which this paper introduces , is just the base of the aided software .	本文介绍了catv图形组件库 , 仅仅介绍了援助软件的基础 。
but the milk is full of white blood cells that thicken and make the milk go bad more quickly .	但牛奶充满白细胞厚厚 , 使牛奶变得更快 。
also , cooking and edible quality were mostly determined by gca of restorers and sca of f1combinations .	此外 , 烹饪和可爱性主要是由gca恢复器和f1组合所决定的 。
the technique supports euclidean distance measure and lshift euclidean distance measure .	这种技术支持eelidean距离测量和ls移动elidean距离测量 。
" cerasomes were designed as a therapeutic alternative to common chemotherapeutics , " said kester .	克斯特说: " 宫颈切除术是一种常见化疗法的治疗方法 。 "
the average price for gasoline was down 7 cents at $3 . 70 per gallon in the latest week .	最近几周 , 汽油价格平均下跌7美元 , 每加仑的3.70美元 。
when her bitter ready to surrender , and found that all video clip in locked in the record has been force than the ;	当她准备好推荐者的时候 , 发现所有的视频剪辑都比记录中锁定的所有视频剪辑都要强 。
of course you can buy some unlocked phones right nowbut it's usually a niche way of operating . .	当然你可以买一些没有锁定的电话 , 但现在它通常是一个操作方法 。
experiments showed the effect of metal ions on the shape , size and surface structure of lipid rafts .	实验表明 , 金属离子对脂肪的形状、尺寸和表面结构的影响 。
" if i started all from scratch in the united states , i would have spent much more time looking for funding , " jiang said .	蒋说: " 如果我从美国开始 , 我会花了更多时间去找资金 。 "
if there is a neurological disparity between the genders , it could explain important behavioral differences .	如果有一个神经学差异 , 它可以解释重要行为差异 。
objective discussing the clinic application value of dry chemistry test paper method and urine deposit mirror inspecting method .	目的探讨干燥化学试验方法和尿沉积镜检测方法的临床应用价值 。
resulting assumption: i am a great employee and make a significant contribution to my team	结果假设:我是一个很好的员工 , 让我的团队有重要贡献 。
this journal has the right to select and publish the writings and pictures published in this journal .	这个记者有权选择和出版的写作和图片在本期刊发表的权利 。
articke 12 the rate leviable on the smallscale taxpayers goo ds or taxable services shall be 6% .	第十二条小规模税收的税收人或税收服务的可行性 , 应该是6% 。
the motor function in the two groups was markedly improved after treatment , especially in treatment group .	两组运动功能明显提高 , 特别是治疗组治疗后 , 两组运动功能明显改善 。
droughts spread through the subtropics , accompanied by heatwaves and intense wildfires .	干旱通过热浪传播 , 伴随着热浪和强烈的野火 。
i like a picture which john lennon and yoko ono hugging , they are like a smooth circle .	我喜欢一张照片 , 约翰·莱昂和约翰·莱诺的照片 , 他们就像一个平滑的圆形 。
his mop of black hair and silverrimmed glasses make him a dead ringer for harry potter .	他的头发和银色的玻璃使他成为哈利·波特的死戒指 。
a letter generally mails to americaeuropeafrica by airmail . first 20 grams is 20 yuan .	一封信通常邮件寄给美国欧洲的邮件 , 首先是20元 。
zakah is a portion of one's wealth that must be given to the poor or to other specified causes .	扎卡是一个财富的一部分 , 必须给予穷人或其他指定的原因 。
so what happens almost instantaneously after the collision , the electron up here falls back down .	所以在碰撞之后几乎发生了什么 , 电子在这里倒塌了 。
what's this ? this is what it looks like when you stand at the foot of one of the giant junipers at mount lala .	这是什么呢 ? 这看起来就像你站在那个巨大的犹太人之脚的时候 , 看起来像是什么样的 。
breathable leather interior aids in wicking moisture away from your feet so they stay healthy and dry .	可呼吸的皮革内部援助 , 除了你的脚部 , 所以他们保持健康和干燥 。
she feeds the orphaned calf three to four times a day , the same amount an infant requires in a day .	她每天喂养了三到四次的牛肉 , 同样的婴儿在一天要求 。
to the best of our knowledge , brain capillary telangiectasia rarely has been previously reported by swi .	为了我们的知识最好 , 大脑脊髓炎很少被瑞典报告 。
ann: look , this news is about a post80s girl who spent 3000 yuan for her dog's birth .	安妮:看 , 这个消息大约是80岁的女孩 , 她花了3000元的狗出生 。
used the er graph tool to design the system information model , and has constructed the system database physical information model .	利用ergraph工具设计系统信息模型 , 建立了系统数据库物理信息模型 。
no flooding on our way up to the land , but here and there in the mountain area are fallen branches on the road .	我们的路上没有洪水 , 但是在这里 , 在山区的山区 , 在路上 , 山区的地区是落叶的 。
frame of manufacturing management layer and supervisory control layer network system make out subsection .	制造管理层和监督控制层网络系统的框架 , 使得分层 。
results and conclusion the present laboratory examinations do not show obvious help for the early diagnosis of bmt .	结果与结论目前实验室检查对bmt早期诊断有明显的帮助 。
and the designed sensor can also be used to measure some other types of linear displacement or rotation angle .	而设计的传感器也可以用于测量其他类型的线性位移或旋转角度 。
analysis about some phenomenon of using characters of bronze inscriptions in the han dynasty .	文章分析了汉代铜字符的一些现象 。
there are some different pt conditions between the west and east of the southern area to the chonglichicheng large fracture .	东南部地区西部和东部地区之间有一些不同的pt条件 , 到重城大裂缝 。
schoolrunning strategy: adapt actively , advance moderately , and develop independently .	学校运行策略:积极适应 , 积极地适应 , 进步 , 独立开发 。
the formula is therefore considered as available to the calculation of drawing force on tube sinking .	因此 , 这种公式被认为是可用的 , 作为对管道上的吸引力计算公式 。
the value to set is a reference to either a java . lang . object , or a subclass thereof .	为了设置一个java.lang.lang.lang.对象 , 或者一个子类 。
the national collegiate athletic association governs college sports in the united states .	全国卫生组织运动协会政府在美国的大学体育学院 。
" you mean the people who live in the big house next door , don't you ? " asked one of the girls .	" 你意味着那些住在大房子里的人 , 不要你吗 ? " 一个女孩问道 。
my husband's first coaching experience was with a juniorhighschool basketball team .	我丈夫的第一位教练经验是一位高级的学者篮球队 。
objective to study the clinical features and treatment of traumatic cerebral intraventricular hemorrhage .	目的探讨创伤脑室内出血的临床特点及治疗方法 。
there are defects such as wash , blowhole , dispersed shrinkage in the butterfly type valve .	如洗涤、吹孔等缺陷有缺陷 , 分散在蝴蝶型阀门中 。
this amount increases each year you're here inline with inflation and subject to government regulations .	这个数量每年都增加了你在这里与通货膨胀和主体联系到政府规定 。
the longterm causes of the cold war were fundamentally due to the ideological differences between east and west .	冷战的长期原因是由于东西与西方的思想差异 , 原因是冷战的长期原因 。
one of the downsides of antidepressant pills is that they can take a long time to work — between two and eight weeks .	反抑郁药丸的下面之一是 , 他们可以在两个星期和八个星期之间进行长时间工作 。
i have a great relationship with him , even after the primavera game he called me wanting to know everything about my condition .	我和他有一个很好的关系 , 即使是在他之后 , 他称之为我想知道一切关于我的条件的事情 。
the society of boys' centres is the main beneficiary of a scholarship & development fund set up by us .	男孩中心的社会是学者和发展基金建立的主要效益 。
in this paper , the construction management of the modern landscape greening project is analyzed in this paper .	本文分析了现代景观希腊工程的建设管理 。
guangzhou city people's congress , canton canton ya huang yongguang said school principals .	广州市人民国会 , 华盛顿大会 , 黄永广说 , 学校主管 。
objective :to establish a quality control of compound tetracaine hydrochloride gel newly prepared .	目的:建立一种新制备的复合石墨酸盐凝胶的质量控制方法 。
rooms divided into standard rooms , deluxe rooms , single rooms , all kinds of suites .	房间分为标准房间 , 豪华房间 , 单房间 , 各种套套房 。
objective:to investigate the bacteria infection and drug resistance state in the medical intensive care unit .	目的:探讨细菌感染和耐药性状在医疗强度护理单位中的作用 。
objective to investigate the absorption kinetics of ligustrazine at different intestine segments in rats .	目的探讨不同肠段不同肠道分泌动力学的吸收动力学 。
i could smell the fresh , wonderful scent of devil's hole , the water , the moss , the laurel .	我可以闻到新鲜的味道 , 美丽的魔鬼的洞 , 水 , 摩西 , 奴隶 。
returned to south koreas ginger both smoke and willow township enjoy the two people in love time .	回到韩国 , 两个人都喜欢两个人在爱情时享受两个人 。
so this is just the idea that the most electrons that you can have in a single orbital is two electrons .	因此 , 这只是你可以在单轨道中拥有最多的电子 , 就是两个电子 。
forget about level surfaces , forget about standing back , and just pick up your quadrotor and throw it .	忘记关于水平表面 , 忘记留在背面 , 只要拿起四分之一 , 把它扔掉 。
" docking " means that adequate information sharing , mutual understanding and the parallel development of same period .	" 挖掘 " 意味着足够的信息共享 , 互相理解和同时期的并行发展 。
blue roses also have mythical qualities because until the japanese discovery they were impossible to grow .	蓝玫瑰也有神话质量 , 因为直到日本发现他们不可能生长 。
just before we left , the husband told me he and his wife had moved in 34 years ago , right before they got married .	就在我们离开之前 , 丈夫告诉我 , 他和妻子在34年前搬了 , 就在婚前 。
trapped in a crowd , the music is loud . i said i love my freedom too , now i'm not sure i do .	在人群中 , 音乐的声音很大 , 我说我也喜欢我的自由 , 现在我不确定我做 。
for an invention to be patentable it must not be obvious 'to one of ordinary skill in the art' .	对于一个发明来说 , 这种发明并不明显 " 是艺术中的普通技能之一 。
on may 5th , leonard stringfield releases and article in batavia , illinois about aliens .	五月五日 , 莱昂纳德字符串发布和文章在巴塔维亚 , 伊利诺伊 。
st lucia is clearly an island on the move ; one can only hope that it will retain its unspoilt charm .	圣lucia明显是一个岛屿 , 只有希望它能够保持它的未邮政魅力 。
please maintain clean environment , turn off cellular phone and b . b . call , prepare .	请维持清洁的环境 , 把手机和b.b.调用转移到手机上 , 准备好 。
moreover , the treatment efficiency of hpac was better than which of traditional pac or aluminum sulfate .	此外 , hpac的治疗效率比传统的pac或铝硫酸钠更好 。
what value can songbird add if the user navigates from a music blog to cnn ? probably none .	如果用户从音乐博客中导航到cn吗 ?
i was just in denmark , and it occurred to me there’s not a hint of a big gulp society there .	我刚刚刚在丹麦 , 就发生在我身上 , 没有一个大古尔普社会 。
to deal with the increasing load of idp , it is essential to implement load balance based on cluster .	为了处理idp的增加 , 基于集群的负载平衡是实现负载平衡的关键 。
but in the presence of so violent a temptation , reason vanished ; nothing remained but instinct .	然而在那么暴力的现象中 , 原因变了 , 原因是 , 还没有任何事情 , 还没有引起 。
it is great to be here in the same time as the irish group . that gives us a new perspective about the way to work with ceramics .	与爱尔兰集团一样 , 同时也很棒 , 这给我们一个新的视角 , 与陶瓷一起工作 。
first , service premium is a key issue of credit market with the transition from shortage economy to surplus one .	首先 , 服务预算是信用市场的关键问题 , 从短缺经济转变到超过一个 。
she worry you listen , but didn t also way , then she saw the northsouth and mis blue , said later .	她担心你听着 , 但还没有办法 , 然后她看到北方和蓝军 。
she saw it through a mist of fancya pale , sombre halflight , which was the essence of poetic feeling .	她看到这是一阵迷茫的弗吉亚·帕尔 , 半光 , 是诗歌感觉的精神 。
but change enough words , though it is only one at a time , and your thought ends up dead just the same .	但是 , 改变足够的话 , 虽然它只是一次 , 你的思想终止死亡 。
evidently two of the girls there had an altercation and one pushed the other off the wharf and into the water .	显然 , 两个女孩中有一个改变 , 一个人把另一只小孩拉到水里 。
the sunset glow floods the inlet of the river , blending with the hues on the horizon , and me .	太阳光照耀着河流的入口 , 与湖人一起融合 , 和我一起 。
one pair may not fit inside all of your shoes , so you may want separate orthotics for dress shoes or sports .	一对不适合你所有鞋子 , 所以你可能想要分离正义的鞋子或运动 。
he then surrendered to guards and handed over a letter , but details of his particular plight were not made known .	然后他再次向卫卫士发出了一封信 , 但他的特殊插件的细节并不被人所知 。
add to this ideas promulgated by religious groups in which transgressive sex is sinful even as a fantasy .	另外 , 由宗教团体所规定的这一想法 , 即使是一个幻想 。
a sponge that absorbs c02 and boosts hydrogen fuel production , said an australian researcher .	澳大利亚研究人员说 , 吸收c02和增加氢燃料生产的一个spon , 吸收了c02 , 并提高了氢燃料生产 。
ralph sings , norton plays " swanee river " and then " melancholy serenade " fast tempo .	拉尔夫歌曲 , 诺顿扮演 " 瑞士河 " , 然后 " 马来霍里·塞雷纳德 " 快速的温泉 。
the transaction mechanism and the system will be maintained by the company , the proxy stores , retailers old sales .	由公司、代理商、零售商、旧销售商保持交易机制和制度 。
to use the period inventory system effectively , the manager must be able to control inventory by visual inspection .	为了有效地使用周期库存系统 , 管理者必须通过视觉检查来控制库存 。
but i say unto you , that it shall be more tolerable for the land of sodom in the day of judgment , than for thee .	但我对你说 , 应该更容易为审判的日子 , 比审判的日子更容忍 。
it's a sentiment once professed for every artist from shaun cassidy to paul mccartney .	这是一个情感 , 曾经教授过 , 每个艺术家从山西到保罗mccartney教授 。
the cost savings are enormous , and the timetomarket for new applications or functionality is greatly improved .	节省成本很大 , 而且对于新的应用程序或功能的时间市场都很大提高 。
out went suits in favour of the opennecked shirts that mr lafley usually sports .	拉弗莱先生常常常运动的开放式衬衫的时候 , 穿过了衣服 。
thenthe optimal driving curve under the conditions of matching and linear voltage control is derived .	然后在匹配和线性电压控制条件下 , 给出了最佳驱动曲线 。
suddenly , huan zang could not control himself but began to laugh with his beloved wife and adorable babies .	突然 , 黄张不能控制自己 , 但开始笑着他爱的妻子和可爱的婴儿 。
i knew how hard dad worked to scrape together enough money for my accordion and lessons .	我知道 , 爸爸如何在一起工作 , 为我所做的资金和教训 , 我知道 , 爸爸怎么努力一起工作 , 把足够的钱放在一起 。
get some pliers or something to hold the hinge with and hammer lightly at the hinge . do so for both hinges .	得到一些快乐 , 或有些东西 , 用轻轻轻轻轻轻轻轻轻地盯着那只翅膀 , 所以为了两只翅膀 。
gentleness is a sharp sword . gentleness is a latent power which can let all the people submit themselves to it .	温柔度是一个尖锐的剑 , 温柔度是一种潜在的力量 , 让所有人都提交自己 。
both in theory and in practice , ethics and the economy have become irreconcilable opposites .	在理论和实践中 , 道德和经济两者都变得不可再次相反 。
for me it is a very dangerous if i didn't have any ready to enter for the exam , i will get a bad grade .	对于我来说 , 如果我没有准备进入考试的话 , 我会得到一个坏的级别 。
but the twotime academy award winner is also one of hollywood's highest profile christians .	但是这两次的学术奖励者也是好莱坞最高的基督徒之一 。
number two , pointer dereferencing starts at the pointer and follows its arrow over to access its pointee .	数字二 , 指针参考开始在指针器上 , 并遵循箭头来访问它的指针 。
it is believed that on december 21st , 1891 , the first basketball game in history was played .	相信 , 12月21日 , 1891年12月21日 , 第一个篮球比赛在历史上扮演 。
in the wake of the midterms , he has voiced a willingness to work with the republicans in congress .	在中期的醒来 , 他已经声明了一个愿望与共和党人在国会上与共和党人一起工作 。
japan's is far greater , yet the yen has become one of the safe havens for those fleeing the dollar .	日本的更大程度上 , 但日圆已经成为那些逃离美元的安全之一 。
the land they're squatting on has arable tracts , trees , hills to the west and natural springs .	它们正在向西方和自然春天的地方 , 地面上有可箭的轨迹 , 树木 , 山上山到西方和自然泉 。
dr . jenningswhite has published many articles on the topic of organic chemistry and perfumery .	詹宁斯白博士在有机化学和香水的主题上发表了许多文章 。
michael:paulo ? i don't believe it . i thought he worked all the timelike my brother .	迈克尔:保罗吗 ? 我不相信它 。 我认为他一切时间就像我哥哥一样工作 。
my sister has mistaken me for a mushroom . she keeps me in the dark and feeds me shit .	我的姐姐为一间蘑菇失踪了我 , 她把我留在黑暗里 , 喂我 。
cardinal rosales praised the life of the “extraordinary” saint . “this is his home town .	卡纳尔罗萨尔赞美了 " 外星 " 的生活 , " 这是他的家乡 。
" it's only the malicious guys who have to worry about what happens once they submit a result , " livshits says .	" 只是对他们提交的结果产生的恶意家伙担心 , " 利物什说 。
they made their way to the secondfloor store room , broke down the door and dressed themselves in officers' uniforms .	他们在第二层楼房间里做了自己的办法 , 打破门 , 穿着办公室的统一 。
the method of ontology merging based on fca can overcome the drawbacks of the traditional ontology merging methods .	基于fca的本体合并方法可以克服传统的本体对象合并方法的反馈 。
hplc method for the determination of larginine in cefepime hydrochloride for injection was established .	建立了用hplc法测定l-ginine在cefepime水氯化物中的测定方法 。
software process engineering metamodel is the standard specification that formally describes the software development processes .	软件流程元模型是正式描述软件开发过程的标准规范 。
for experience discussion of , the article introduces the thinking of a large number of preqin confucianism and taoism .	对于经验的探讨 , 文章介绍了许多前秦儒学和道学思想的思想 。
returning to the familiar kitchen he slides a knife along his letters , slitting out their folded information .	回到熟悉的厨房 , 他沿他的信里滑了一只刀 , 滑出他们的折叠的信息 。
then the people of the land killed all who had plotted against king amon , and they made josiah his son king in his place .	然后 , 土地的人们都杀死了所有人 , 反对国王 , 他们使约西亚王在他的地方 。
ulta , another retail chain , was among the first to put mass and prestige offerings on the same selling floor .	另外一家零售链 , 是第一家将质量和预期提供在同一销售地板上 。
daguerre did not need to make money from the invention to live , since he had been pensioned by the french government .	达格尔并不需要从发明中赚钱 , 因为他被法国政府惩罚 。
how can you tell people that eating the filets of a shark is fine , but eating the fins of that very same animal is not fine ?	你怎么能告诉人们 , 吃鲨鱼的文件很好 , 可是吃这么多的动物是不错的 ?
for sensing air temperature under heavy loading appliances such as fan heater , hot air tunnel ...etc...	热空气隧道、热空气隧道等重载装置下空气温度的影响 , 如风机加热器、热空气隧道等 。
when power converters operate at boost mode , the lowvoltage side battery will discharge and provide power for dclink ;	当电力转换器在提高模式下运行时 , 低压侧电池将放电 , 为dclink提供功能 ;
its downfall occurred in 1256 as a result of the expansion of the mongol empire into iran and syria .	它的衰退发生在1256年 , 由于蒙古帝国的扩张 , 成为伊朗和叙利亚的结果 。
this paper has established a bistable region diagram and a boundary diagram of the failure to attenuating vibration .	本文建立了一个阻挡区域图和一个边界图 , 提出了一种不能加强振动的边界图 。
the contextual linkages of records should carry the information needed for an understanding of the transactions that created and used them .	记录的上下文链接应对创建并使用它们的事务所需要的信息进行理解 。
in this hot summer , let your computer desktop has become full of fantasy , full of temptation to it !	在这个热烈的夏天 , 让你的电脑桌面变得充满幻想 , 充满尝试 !
micro electro mechanical systems multigranularity macromodeling nonstandard structure model order reduction ;	微型电力学系统多重性宏观模拟非标准结构模型降低 ;
aim to investigate the chemical constituents of the rhizomes of anemarrhena asphodeloides bunge .	目的探讨阿米尔河那沥青脱硫剂的化学成分 。
" before it happened i loved school , i loved everything about it , " redding , now 19 , said on cnn television .	" 在它发生之前 , 我喜欢学校 , 我喜欢一切关于它的东西 , " 现在 , 19岁的cn电视台说 。
the space is dotted with various types of houses and tradesman 's workshops with their messy yards .	空间是由各种类型的房屋和贸易员的工作坊和他们的梅西院所做的 。
we also learnt about some local fauna including a toad in the family bufonidae which is toxic if eaten .	我们还学习了一些当地的法尼亚 , 包括在家里的巴菲尼亚 , 如果食用有毒的话 , 我们也学会了 。
but therein lies a danger the danger of assuming that tangible , quantifiablethings are all there is to an impasse .	然而 , 在危险中 , 假设可能的危险中 , 量化的事情都有一个困难 。
the construction theorem of regular semigroups with orthodox transversals was given by a simpler formal set .	通过简单的正式集 , 给出了常规半群组的结构理论 。
qualitatively analyze the existing problem of the antenna height scanning for the eut with radiating characteristicsin the measurement method .	定量分析了天线高度扫描的存在问题 , 采用辐射特性测量方法 , 分析了天线高度扫描的存在问题 。
but we must remind our comrades that they must truly follow the spirit of the " may 7th directive " .	但是我们必须提醒我们的同志 , 他们必须真正遵循 " 五七 " 的精神 。
young bloods are full of ambition and pride once they have collected their first trophy the skull of their kill .	年轻的血液充满了雄心和骄傲 , 一旦他们收集了他们的第一次杀死的皮肤 。
tumbling this price positions significantly increase potential null layout has been positive .	把这种价格的位置显著增加了潜在的null布局已经积极了 。
the result testified the difference of antiinfection for nematodirus spp between poll dorset and mongolian sheep .	研究结果表明 , 研究结果表明 , 花粉与蒙古羊之间的抗感染的差异 。
" beyond the mountain's olive tree " , " little river up " , " village crossing " and others .	" 远超越山的橄榄树 " , " 小河 " 、 " 村庄跨越 " 和其他人 。
in a video image from new zealand's tvnz , men carry a wounded man after he is pulled from the rubble .	在从新西兰电视台的视频里 , 男人在他被拉出来的橡胶之后携带了一名受伤的男子 。
in 1990 hazen took on a second position , as professor of earth science at george mason university .	1990年 , 在乔治马逊大学的地球科学教授中 , 哈斯在地球科学教授 。
ozark's turkey farmers are not immune to the issues that are hurting farm communities everywhere .	奥萨克的土耳其农民并非免疫到每个地方都打击农场社区的问题 。
the alien seeds thus took roots , sprouted and grew into such big plantain trees on top of other trees .	因此 , 种子在其它树顶上 , 花根 , 生长到大规模树上 。
“the volksparteien are coming to an end , ” says peter l&ouml ; sche , a political scientist .	政治科学家彼得·l&uml说: " 火山正在来到结束 。 "
sediment samples collected from seven stations in xiamen western harbour were processed qualitatively and quantitatively .	研究了西汉汉西部七个站的沉积样本 , 定量地处理了沉积样本 。
both succumbed to the temptations of drink and women , and had uneasy relations with the critics and the press .	两人都成功到饮酒和女性的诱惑中 , 与批评家和新闻有关 。
dashboard receives contextual information from the focused application and uses it to query a selection of backend stores .	达什board收到了从集中应用程序的上下文信息 , 并使用它查询后端存储的选择 。
agv grandbase system is a set of software to control and manage many agvs to accomplish many material transit tasks .	agv大基础系统是一组软件控制和管理许多gv来完成许多材料传输任务的软件 。
as the first chapter of book five begins , there is a drought in surrey which has prompted a hosepipe ban .	作为第一章的第一章 , 书五章开始有一章的药物 , 这些药物已经推出了一个假设的禁止 。
with convenient transportation:it's 220km from shanghai , 65km from hangzhou , 290km from ningbo .	运输方便:上海220公里 , 65公里从杭州 , 290公里 。
when the swiss author robert walser created a portrait of a poet , he actually wrote a selfportrait .	当瑞士作者罗伯特·沃尔斯创作了一首诗歌的肖像 , 他实际上写了自己的肖像 。
everything you have thought , said , and done makes up the kind of person you are now , and also contains the seeds of your future .	你所想到的一切事情都有思考 , 说 , 你现在做的事情 , 还包含了你未来的种子 。
one terrorist nuke , assembled from stray exsoviet fissile material , can ruin your whole day .	一个恐怖主义的nuke , 来自strayexsoviet纤维材料 , 可以破坏整个日子 。
afternoon listening to two friends talk about the past , think of " the dream into reality . " this paragraph of word .	下午听了两个朋友谈论过去 , 想 " 梦想 " 的现实 。
the nature and characters of operations research , the knowledge system , the developing history , applications , functions in the business decisions .	操作研究的性质和特点 , 知识系统、发展历史、应用程序、业务决策中的功能 。
" i'm a vampire , and i've been alive for over 500 years , " bensley said , according to erickson .	据伊里克逊说: " 我是个真空 , 我已经活在500多年了 。 "
so does theresa may , who is under pressure to cut police numbers as a result of the austerity programme .	因此 , 在压力下 , 索萨可能正在减少警察数字 , 因此 , 因此 , 可能会导致警察计划的结果 。
well it came when elijah , the amazing prophet of the one and only god picked me to be a prophet like him after he died .	所以 , 当伊丽雅的时候 , 一个人惊讶的预言 , 只有上帝拿我去世之后 , 就像他一样的先知 。
attending his reading , he said , were large numbers of hispanic people , 40 , 000 of whom lived in the same city .	参加他的阅读 , 他说 , 大量的西班牙人 , 4000人住在同一城市 。
in order to make sure , i think you should have a threeglass urine test made as well as an examination of the prostatic secretion .	为了确保 , 我认为你应该有三个玻璃尿试验 , 以及检查前列腺分泌的检查 。
the school has minhang , yangpu two main campus , is now actively strive to build a new campus port .	学校有小黄 , 杨浦两个主要校园 , 现在积极努力建立一个新的校园港口 。
the company has cable research institute with powerful technical strength and domestic advanced product r&d capability .	本公司拥有强大的技术强度和国内先进产品r&d能力研究所 。
wang condensation cold that lost touch with organizations , the white sea angel dumpling also admitted his revenge .	王凝结冷却 , 失去了与组织的触摸 , 白海天使堆积也承认他的收入 。
therefore , it is critical that governments place investing in immunization high on their national health agendas .	因此 , 政府在民族卫生机构中投资免疫化高的关键性是关键的 。
this paper presents the principle and methods for design and calculation of the deviationmeasuring mechanism of the inclinometer .	提出了一种用于设计和计算的原理和方法 , 给出了降噪仪的偏差测量机理 。
under the influence of welfare pluralism , community care has become one of main strategies of coping the problem .	在福利多元主义的影响下 , 社区保健已成为复制问题的主要战略之一 。
i actually jogged every day when i was in jail , and i took shower with cold water no matter if it was snowing oring .	实际上我每天都在狱里玩笑 , 我每天都拿着冷水 , 就不管是雪 , 还是雪 。
richclient documents can be saved to a persistent medium as new documents or as part of the data from which they originated .	丰富的文档可以被保存到一个持久的中介 , 作为新的文档或来源的数据的一部分 。
the chemical deburring solution features good stability , long service life and lower roughness of the treated steel surface .	化学债务带来了良好的稳定性 , 服务寿命长 , 处理钢表面的粗糙度较低 。
he is supported by 4 junior ministers with specific responsibilites , who are also elected politicians .	他是由4名高级部长支持的 , 他们也被选举的政治家所支持的 。
housing activists and scholars said this electionyear bill will ease , but not end , the housing crisis .	房屋活动家和学者说 , 这项选举将很容易 , 但不会结束 , 房屋危机 。
jillian's goal is to capture the best portrait she can within that timeframe and your job is to assist her in doing so .	吉利亚的目标是捕获最好的肖像 , 她可以在那段时间内捕获 , 你的工作是帮助她这样做 。
mr evans says that from now on immigration will play a bigger role in the “structure of australia’s workforce” .	伊文斯先生说 , 从现在的移民中 , 移民将在澳大利亚的 " 结构上扮演更大的角色 " 。
it is a very sobering responsibility to know that you are preparing for the future , china's next generation of leaders .	这是一个非常令人震惊的责任 , 知道你正在为未来准备 , 中国下一代领导人做好准备 。
this loss embitters humans , and they have a warlike view of diplomacy — swing first , ask questions later .	这个损失者会因为人类而丧失 , 他们有一个战争的外交观 , 首先 , 问问后来 。
core plate strengthening soft soil base is with the characteristics of rapid speed , better effect and easy construction .	核心板加强软土基地 , 具有快速速速、效果好、易于施工的特点 。
for example , mindtree consulting was founded 1999 in anticipation of the very threats that have now materialised .	例如 , 心理树的咨询成立于1999年 , 预期到现在的材料化的威胁 。
it is 50 times bigger than the original one and covers 240 sqm the equivalent area of 22 london buses .	这比原来的一个更大的50倍 , 覆盖了240平方米的22个伦敦公交车等价区域 。
but god not only forgives the past , he clothes you in righteousness as though you had never committed a sin .	但神不仅原谅过去 , 他穿着你 , 尽管你从来没有犯罪 。
watching people cling to6 each other , crying , and holding each other in that last embrace makes me appreciate what i have even more .	看着人们相互关闭6个人 , 哭泣 , 在那个时代 , 彼此相互抱住 , 让我欣赏我更多的东西 。
delayed coke is a quite mature processing technic , and it is looked as an ordinary means of deepprocess .	延迟的焦是一项非常成熟的工艺 , 看起来是一种普遍的depproces 。
at the peak of the housing boom in 2005 , sales of both existing and new homes were running at twice the 1976 rate .	在2005年房屋的高峰上 , 现有和新房屋的销售都在1976年的两倍 。
methods: 6 sb patients and 8 normal persons were monitored with polysomnography during the whole night .	方法:6例正常患者和8例正常患者在整夜间监测多声图 。
and her boys , were they getting on well at belvedere ? was that so ? father conmee was very glad indeed to hear that .	而她的男孩 , 他们在爱尔维尔上得到了很好吗 ? 那么 ? 父亲conmes确实很高兴地听到那个 。
nonmedical use of prescription drugs was also more common in the 5059 age group than in the 60andover age group .	非医学用药在5059年龄组中也比60年龄组更常见 。
the distinguished chinese guests , it is certainly in the fundamental interest of our people to trade and be friend with chinese people .	中国人民对中国人民的基本利益和中国人民的朋友来说 , 这当然是中国人民的基本利益 。
we can also guess that such a toothbrush may hurt the man’s teeth as well as his mood , inconveniencing him greatly .	我们也可以猜测 , 这样的牙刷可能会伤害男人的牙齿 , 还有他的心情 , 很大程度上不容易 。
but an overconfident lee thought that , having reinforced both flanks , meade would be weak in the center .	然而 , 一个过度信心的李思想 , 加强了两个平坦 , 梅德将在中心弱 。
vanilla , being the most popular flavor , was in a separate case at the front of the store for quick pickup .	范尼拉 , 成为最流行的风味 , 是在商店前面的一个独立案例 。
women over thirty and/or women who are divorced have an almost leperlike status in chinese dating culture .	中国日常文化中 , 女性超过三十岁以上 , 离婚的女性有几乎像中国人一样的地位 。
people familiar with these moors often miss their road on such evenings ; and i can tell you there is no chance of a change at present .	人们熟悉这些母亲常常在这样的晚上错过他们的路 , 我可以告诉你现在没有机会改变 。
sexy tianjin is a new shellfish tv show about love , lust , youth culture and street life in china's city .	性天津是一部关于爱情、幸运、青年文化和街道生活在中国城市的新壳鱼电视节目 。
and then i heard the news on tv screen , the death roll is now 21 , 000 and over 100 , 000 injured .	然后我听到电视屏幕上的消息 , 死亡卷现在21 , 000多人受伤 。
experimental results showed that eg inserted into the cellar char with a " worm " like structure after it was expanded .	实验结果表明 , eg插入到细胞chr中 , 随着 " 蠕虫 " 这样的结构扩展而增加 。
insincere answer could be more natural just as the versatile golf player waves his arms at pleasure .	自从答案更加自然 , 就像高尔夫球员一样 , 高尔夫球员在高尔夫球员高尔夫球员高尔夫球员在很高兴 。
other kinds of corn have less water and do not pop . when you heat a seed of corn , the water inside makes the corn explode .	其他种玉米有较少的水 , 不要粉末 。 当你加热玉米的时候 , 水里的水就会使玉米的爆炸 。
chemical in red wine , fruits and vegetables stops cancer , heart disease , depending on the dose	红葡萄酒、水果和蔬菜停止癌症、心脏疾病 , 依赖剂量 。
i had never realized i could spend so much before i got going on this adventure , now i have to live on my credit card for a while .	我从来没有意识到我能花那么多的钱 , 现在我必须住在我的信用卡上 。
are the responsibilities of each committee clearly defined ? do these definitions meet the needs of the district ?	每个委员会的责任明确定义吗 ? 这些定义符合区的需要 ?
one application the researchers envision for the camera is flow cytometry , a technique used for blood analysis .	一种用于摄像机的研究者环境是流式细胞仪 , 一种用于血液分析的技术 。
he had promised , he said , to “maintain the confidence and preserve inviolate” the secrets of his client .	他承诺: " 为了保护自己的客户的信心 , 保留自信 , 保护自己的顾客的秘密 。
in the paper the structure of dnb was introduced , and the theory of negative high voltage power supply was stressed .	介绍了dnb的结构 , 给出了负电压供电理论 , 并对其负电源供电理论进行了强调 。
but how to standard conduct neuropsychological assess scale of pocd is no consensus currently .	但是如何标准进行神经神经病理评估范围的标准 , 目前没有共识 。
every time i ask her for advice , she is always ready to help , and explains to my full satisfaction .	每次我问她的建议 , 她总是准备好帮助 , 并解释了我完全满意的解释 。
this versatile dual scanner has two pairs of output lines which makes it suitable for a wide variety of uses .	这种版本双扫描器有两对输出线 , 使得它适合各种使用 。
if you treat bschool like an amazing educational experience , chances are you'll get a lot out of it .	如果你像一个令人惊讶的教育经验一样治疗bsool , 那么你就会得到很多机会 。
britain withdrew an invitation to the ambassador from syria over violence against protesters there .	英国从叙利亚的暴力反抗抗议者的叙利亚大使参加邀请 。
i retorted angrily: “their vocal cord sounds as if it was kissed by god , without any hurt . ”	我愤怒地恢复了: " 第三个词汇的声音 , 就像上帝吻的话 , 没有任何伤害 。 "
but subsequently they had quarrels and combats with the natives , of whom they killed a considerable number .	然而 , 随后他们有四分之一的关系和战斗 , 他们杀死了一个可考的数字 。
the research study was thoroughly developed in the guiyang senior high school and obtained the remarkable result .	本研究在贵阳高中开发 , 获得了显著的结果 。
he got petya transferred from obolensky's regiment to bezuhov's , which was in formation near moscow .	他从巴伦斯基的政权转移到贝州霍夫的政权 , 这是在莫斯科附近形成的 。
strengthen intelligenceled operations , including the use of strategic undercover and covert operations .	加强智能操作 , 包括战略底部和覆盖操作的使用 。
the second part is an introduction of the background of the english schoolbased curriculum development in our school .	第二部分是我校英语课程发展的背景 。
the dream is to be inmorpheuswhen , a few not by complete lowkey coriaceous cell group working place causes .	梦想是在未来的地方 , 几乎没有完全低密钥的细胞组工作原因 。
the chinese premier also visited the luanda general hospital , a social welfare project funded by china .	中国总理还参观了罗德纳总理医院 , 一个由中国资金的社会福利项目 。
another example is changing the location of a table space container , which can also be done using backup and restore .	另一个例子正在改变表空间容器的位置 , 它也可以使用后备和恢复来进行 。
he believed that , without causing damage to the mansion of business name brand , but will enhance their clout .	他相信 , 没有导致商业名牌的破坏 , 但不会提高他们的衣服 。
mercator's world is a bimonthly magazine on the exploration , discovery , and mapping of earth and space .	mercator的世界是一部在探索、发现、地球和空间上的两个月杂志 。
the euricase will run you $198 . 95 and transferring video and images is done by usb from your computer .	欧元酶将运行198.95美元 , 转移视频和图像 , 从您的计算机中完成 。
an investigation of foraminifera was conducted in the last glacial loess along the coast of the bohai sea .	研究了波海沿海沿海的最后一个冰川损失的研究 。
tests are similar to recent actual gres in length , question types , and degree of difficulty .	测试与最近的实际格栅相似 , 问题类型和困难程度相似 。
the paper compares the economical efficiency of the vrv heat pump air condition system to the traditional heating systems .	比较了vrv热泵空调系统的经济效率 , 对传统热系统进行了比较 。
the film is an american version of a two thousand eight french thriller called " pour elle . "	这部电影是美国版本的两千八个法国版本 , 称之为 " 波尔 " 。
20 the lampstands of pure gold with their lamps , to burn in front of the inner sanctuary as prescribed ;	两个灯光的灯光和灯光的灯光 , 用灯光烧在内圣诞的前面 ;
there were many taoist sects in the t'ang dynasty , in which , the shangqing sect had the most important influence .	唐代有许多道德主义者 , 是上清区最大的影响 。
the development of commodity economy has given birth to the popular of christmas and other foreignfestival .	商品经济的发展已向圣诞节和其他外国节带来了出生 。
xu song in " a little knowledge of xinjiang " in the show every side of the ideological governance .	徐歌在 " 新疆 " 一个小知识的知识 , 展示了思想治理的每一个侧面 。
the date of the first soaking rain in spring sowing period of liaoning province is of obvious inter decadal characteristics .	辽宁省春冬期的第一次溶雨日期是明显的十年间特征 。
all ssaa inc . instructors have attained the certificate 4 in workplace training and assessment .	所有的sa指令员都在工作场培训和评估中获得了证书4 。
" we could have given this money to the people in the camps in darfur , to the vaccine for aids , " ibrahim said .	伊布拉希姆说: " 我们可以把这笔钱送到达尔福的营地里 , 到达尔夫尔的营地里 , 我们可以给予这笔钱 。 "
see , us thumbslummers and boxjumpers , we get a little puckish when it comes to cars , you know ?	看 , 我们的拇指和拳击员 , 我们在车上买了一点点点 , 你知道吗 ?
who can know that your eyelids have not been touched with lampblack ? for your eyes are darker than rainclouds .	谁能知道你的眼睛没有触摸到灯泡黑色吗 ? 因为你的眼睛比雨云更黑 。
and in the middle , you have a large number of " maybes " who seem like they might just be able to contribute something .	在中间 , 你有很多 " 也许 " 的 " 可能 " , 他们似乎可能只是能够贡献一些东西 。
is a change in the database manager or database configuration the reason for a bottleneck , such as a sort overflow ?	数据库管理器或数据库配置的原因是瓶颈的一个变化 , 例如一个类型超流 ?
objective: to investigate the risk of cerebral infarction of patients with type 2 diabetes and control methods .	目的:探讨2型糖尿病患者脑梗死的风险及其控制方法 。
as soups in this cookbook are mildly nutritious , they are , therefore , suitable to be consumed all the year round .	因此 , 在这本烹饪书中 , 食品中的汤很冷 , 因此 , 适合全年消费 。
resultsthe gestational age at delivery and birthweight were significantly smaller in severe group than that in mild one .	结果 , 严重组中 , 产量和产量的妊娠年龄明显低于严重组 。
president bush has chosen a cubanborn business executive to be his new secretary of commerce .	布什总统选取了一名出生商务执行官 , 成为他的新秘书 。
although it's bad that i couldn't have rice as my lunch , i could still get by with those noodles and dumplings .	虽然很糟糕 , 但我不能吃饭 , 但我仍然可以通过这些鼻子和饺子来获得米饭 。
last july , bpp was given degreeawarding powers , which meant it was allowed to call itself a university college .	去年7月 , bpp被授予了奖励力量 , 这意味着它允许自己叫做大学 。
i published my first chinese article in 1979 , but writing in earnest did not begin until the fall of 1983 .	我在1979年出版了我第一篇中国文章 , 但写在1983年初 , 直到1983年秋 。
when you can take a step back and begin to understand why things are happening , you can look for the positive aftermath .	当你可以回到一个步骤 , 开始了解为什么事情正在发生 , 你可以寻找积极的后数字 。
this means you have to fight if you want to stay skilled , and gives less incentive to rest while your fiefs give income .	这意味着 , 如果你想保持技能 , 就会给你留下更少的激励 , 而且在你的文件给出的收入时 , 你必须做出更多的斗争 。
rose of silver up the home , but in order to travel , therefore with guodong no instant returned to jiaming ;	玫瑰的银色在家里 , 却为了旅行 , 因此与广东没有瞬间回到嘉明 ;
new standards in various industries , including healthcare , have prompted development of xmlenabled applications .	各种行业的新标准 , 包括卫生保健 , 已经提高了xmlenabled应用程序的发展 。
if you've made a serious mistake , if you've hurted others or yourself , it's of no use to feel guilty .	如果你犯了严重的错误 , 如果你受伤了别人或自己 , 那就不会感觉到罪恶 。
a host or service is determined to have stopped flapping when its percent state goes below a low flapping threshold .	一个主机或服务决定停止在低折叠的状态下 , 当它的百分之一的状态下 , 就会停止停止 。
the variable coefficients , the solution itself and its normal flux may be discontinuous across the interface .	变量系数 , 解决方案本身以及其正常流量可能在接口中不断存在 。
aim to investigate the in vitro and in vivo stability of 9nitrocamptothecin lactone form in rat plasma .	目的探讨大鼠血浆中9硝基因乳素的体外稳定性及其在体外稳定性 。
it should send parents — and pediatricians , educators and psychologists — looking for ways to help .	它应该发送父母 , 教育家 , 教育家和心理学家 , 寻找帮助的方法 。
at the first outset , heavy , miry ground and a matted , marish vegetation , greatly delayed our progress ;	第一次出口 , 重 , 米地和一匹匹配 , 玛丽的蔬菜 , 大大延迟了我们的进步 ;
dado: in classical architecture , the plain portion of the pedestal of a column , between the base and the cornice .	爸爸:在经典的建筑中 , 平原的部分 , 基地和玉米之间的平原部分 。
shahin was a mechanic , this was his workshop , and there was a tattered mattress inside a tiny room at the back .	沙金是一家机械 , 这是他的工作坊 , 他在后面有一个小房间里面有一件美味的事情 。
chang an received the news , not only did not escape , but wearing a suit , ready to rescue their parents .	改变一份新闻 , 不仅没有逃脱 , 但穿着衣服 , 准备好救他们的父母 。
he captures the shantytowns where a billion people live now , and where three billion are expected to be living by 2050 .	他现在捕获了数百亿人住在那里 , 而且有三亿人希望生活在2050年 。
some counties in midwest america have declared a state of emergency due to rainstorms and tornadoes .	一些在美国中西部的一些国家宣布 , 由于雨雨者和火龙大学的紧急状态 。
gossip: spotted nate archibald learning you don't know a good thing till it's gone and found someone else .	戈斯ip:指出纳特·阿尔巴德学习你不知道 , 直到去了 , 发现别人 。
conclusion lidocaine combined with dexamethasone could prevent the phlebitis caused by doctaxol .	结论利多卡因结合德克萨米酮可以防止由多克萨克醇引起的phlebitis 。
two people wake up , suddenly see jun with spring flowers and adopted by who came and said to search for bingyin .	两个人醒来 , 突然看到了朱俊与春花一起 , 由谁来了 , 说去寻找宾夕 。
she muttered nonsense , silent moon shed a soft light , projected on the ground out of a circle .	她突然变了非sense , 沉默的月亮 , 沉默的月亮在地面上 , 被投射在地面上 。
leaders , distinguished guests , ladies and gentlemen , all the employees of jinghua , good afternoon !	领导人 , 领导人 , 区分客人 , 女人 , 女人 , 女人 , 女人 , 所有员工 , 清华 , 下午好 !
the typical lijiang spruce forest is hardly to see in the lashihai region because of the human's impact on it .	典型的李江空间森林很难看到拉希海地区 , 因为人类对它产生影响 。
in fact , burros in the wild are related to pack animals that ran away or were freed by gold miners and others .	事实上 , 野生中烧毁的野生与野生的动物相关 , 它们是由黄金部长和其他人所自由的 。
archeologists surmise that the gardens were laid out atop a vaulted building , with provisions for raising water .	考古学家们认为 , 园林在建筑上被放弃 , 为了提高水的规定 。
will the arctic be a 21st century sarajevo , triggering a major war over energy resources ?	本论文将是21世纪萨拉拉杰夫 , 在能源资源上触发一个主要战争 ?
yueyue’s unexpected death has revived a fierce international debate over good samaritan laws .	岳岳岳的未期望死亡已经提高了一项激烈的国际争论 , 通过良好的萨玛利亚法律 。
the principle , manufacture and application of periodically poled lithium niobate are introduced in detail .	详细介绍了周期极锂酸锂的原理、制造和应用情况 。
overcome by grief and dementia , leoric had many of the townsfolk executed for the crime of high treason .	克服了格里弗和德里亚的克服 , 学者对高原因犯罪有很多城镇民间的犯罪行为 。
result the membrane filtration avoided interference of media by using isopropyl myristate as solvent .	因此 , 采用异丙烯神经酯作为溶剂 , 使膜过滤避免介质介质干扰 。
in1893 , at the age of 27 , he reports on an illumination method he has devised for photomicrography .	1893年 , 在27岁的时候 , 他报道了一个照明方法 , 他已经为光学描述了 。
thereby the significance of these poems to her was made very clear , and readers may benefit from her experiences .	因此 , 这些诗的意义很清楚 , 读者可以从她的经历中获益 。
the making home affordable program aims to prevent up to 4 , 000 , 000foreclosureforeclosures .	制造家庭可靠的计划目标是防止大约4 , 00000个防止失效的计划 。
in fact , gaseous velocity and pressure in a cross section change in radial and circumferential direction .	实际上 , 气速和压力在辐射和环境偏差方向下的交叉截面变化 。
therefore , if you spend 2 hours in classroom training and evaluation , each student would earn 0 . 2 ceu .	因此 , 如果你在教室培训和评估中花了2小时 , 每个学生都会赚到0.2元 。
accurate dft studies of the static dipole polarizabilities of anthracene and phenanthrene were reported .	据报道 , 报道了氨基和苯乙烯静极极化性研究的准确性 。
next he put eggs in a pan of water on the stove . eggsalad sandwiches were bear's favorite .	接下来 , 他把鸡蛋放在炉上 , 鸡蛋沙拉的水里 , 是熊最喜欢的 。
the results show that the large margin is obtained in guangdong nuclear power plant with 18months fuel cycle .	研究结果表明 , 广东核电厂的大边缘是18个月的燃料周期 。
in laboratory tests , they found that a lectin called banlec was as potent as two current hiv drugs .	在实验室试验中 , 他们发现 , 一个叫做banlec称为banlec的lectin是可能的两种hiv药物 。
the 400 im not only requires strength and speed in all four strokes , but also tremendous endurance .	400个im不仅需要强度和速度在所有四个行业中 , 而且还需要大量的耐久性 。
" when the exslave has fixed his thumbprint to this public document , " pandit says , " they can't go back .	潘迪说: " 当解释者把他的拇指固定到这个公共文件中 , " 潘迪说 , " 他们不能回来 。
everybody can see that he is a class player . he is so different . i cannot find any other striker that looks like him or plays like him .	每个人都可以看到他是个班级球员 , 他很不同 , 我不能找到其他的球员 , 看起来像他一样 , 就像他一样玩耍 。
the researchers said their findings could also apply to those who claim they rely on a morning cup of tea to get their brains going。	研究人员表示 , 他们的发现也可以适用于那些声称他们依靠早晨的茶杯来获得他们的大脑 。
" look no one's going to come and give you food or water , " said the man . " god will provide for me , " was the only answer .	" 看不到没有人会来 , 给你们的食物或水 , " 上帝给我提供 , " 是唯一答案 。
overeating won't increase your depression , but gaining weight will . you need to fit into your job interview suit .	过度吃饭不会增加抑郁 , 但增加重量 , 你需要适合你的工作采访 。
after the iss got the internet , he started posting twitpics from space , earning a loyal following .	在网络之后 , 他开始从空间发布twit主题 , 获得忠诚的追随 。
ah mui also said , on the other day she just wanted to say what she thinks about the whole thing , without any intention to fight .	穆伊还说 , 另一天她只想说她对整个事情的想法 , 没有任何意见战斗 。
materials and methods: the model of transplanted tumor was made by vaccination of hepatoma h22 in the right axilla .	材料和方法:采用正确的axilla法测定肝癌h22的移植肿瘤模型 。
at least i got the senate to pass it late , so i could veto it after they went home and they couldn’t override it .	至少我得到了参议院晚些时候 , 所以我可以把它放在家里之后 , 他们就不能超过它 。
in this paper , we determined and compared the strength limits of mandible , ilium , skull and rib .	本论文以人为主 , 测定了人为主的强度限制 , 并比较了人为主的强度限制 。
koth's species has been established as a zabrak , making him of the same alien species as the deadly darth maul .	凯瑟的物种被建立为一个zabrak , 使他同样的物种成为死亡的黑色马尔 。
with the extensive use of the hv ic , the design of hlv compatible integrated circuits have become more and more important .	随着hvic的广泛使用 , hlv可兼容电路的设计越来越重要 。
dam type power device: to be mainly fixed on the shore for providing electric power to factories , houses and others on shore .	大坝型电力设备:主要固定在海岸 , 为工厂提供电力、房屋及其它在岸上提供固定 。
the 21yearold denmark international is widely regarded as one of the brightest defensive prospects in europe .	这位21岁的丹麦国际上被广泛认为是欧洲最亮的防御前景之一 。
the women , who were a median age of 35 years old at diagnosis , were observed for 17 , 408 personyears .	在诊断中年35岁的女性 , 观察到了17408岁的女性 。
the midfielder's departure from bayern munich has already been confirmed and he will be leaving on a bosman transfer .	拜仁慕尼奇的中场离开已经证实了 , 他将在老板转会上留下 。
fascinating creatures , phoenixes . they can carry immensely heavy loads . their tears have healing powers .	吸引生物 , 凤凰 , 它们可以立即携带重量的负载 , 泪水有健康的能力 。
in such a case , the organization could use a simple progress checklist to exercise control over the mechanisms and initiatives .	在这样的情况下 , 组织可以使用一个简单的进展检查列表来实现操作机制和启动的操作控制 。
handcrafted in england of wood and fiberglass , the oval shaped interior measures just over 6 ft . in diameter .	手工在英国木材和纤维玻璃的英格兰 , 卵巢形成的内部措施只有6英尺左右 。
knowledge capital is the generic name of all invisible capitals in hospital at era of knowledgedriven economy .	知识资本是在知识驱动经济时代 , 所有不可避免的资本的一般名字 。
the royal melbourne philharmonic has many reasons to celebrate . and it shared the celebration with the audience .	皇家梅尔本哲学有很多原因庆祝庆祝 , 与观众共享庆祝庆祝庆祝 。
in the uae , shah rukh has endorsed du , the country's second telecom operator other than etisalat .	在美国 , 沙鲁克已经结束了杜 , 这个国家的第二个电信操作商 , 除非伊塞拉特 。
the forwardosmosis membranes only release fresh water into the ocean , and don't permit salty water to contaminate the bags .	前茅斯膜只释放新鲜的水 , 不允许盐水污染袋 。
we would have welcomed more help from our city council – that never ­happened , which is why we pursued kirkby .	我们将欢迎来自我们的城市委员会的更多帮助 , 这从来没有发生 , 这就是为什么我们追求了kirkby的原因 。
say you've got a limited wage budget and a maximum of 5k a week , yet the player you want is demanding 7k .	说你已经有限的工资预算和一个星期最大的5k , 但是你想要的玩家7k 。
bloodsurge: now has a chance to trigger from any hit with heroic strike , bloodthirst , or whirlwind .	血液保险:现在有机会来自任何与英雄的攻击者、血液发病人或威尔尔文的机会 。
an efficient numerical method is proposed for calculation of the first crossing reliability of non stationary process linear combination .	针对非静态过程线性结合的第一交叉可靠性 , 提出了一种有效的数值方法 。
as regard to marketing channels , the project shall adopt the authorized sales agent model to improve efficiency .	随着市场渠道的发展 , 项目应该采用权威化的销售代理模型来提高效率 。
some farmers fear , however , that crosspollination could create lowerquality hybrid plants and lead to economic losses .	然而 , 一些农民担心 , 交叉污染可能会造成低质量的杂交植物 , 导致经济损失 。
the researchers learned that feathers of different shapes and sizes resulted in different frequencies with different harmonic structures .	研究人员发现 , 不同形状和尺寸不同频率的特征 , 不同的谐波结构有不同的特征 。
objective to study the effect of retrograde intramedullary nail for the supracondylar and intercondylar fracture of the distal femur .	目的探讨回顾性内膜内钉的疗效 , 探讨腹膜内膜内骨折的疗效 。
the tool is fitted with a progressive throttle action , which allows a low speed with a small throttle opening .	这个工具适合一个进展的喉咙动作 , 使得低速开关速度很小 。
the pid control adopted the location algorithm , and restricted the extent of control quantity and integral increase quantity .	pd控制采用位置算法 , 限制了控制量和整合量的范围 , 增加了数量 。
pseudophase liquid chromatographyfor the separation of ionizable and strong polar organic compounds was developed .	建立了一种可离子化合物的伪相液相色谱法分离强有机化合物 。
mercure suzhou park hotel & suites is the ideal choice for your meeting or social occasion in suzhou .	苏州公园酒店和套房是您在苏州举行会议或社会场所的理想选择 。
the anatomic characteristics of the anterior communicating arterial fenestration were observed under the operating microscope .	运行显微镜观察了前交流动脉免费的解剖特性 。
scissor cuts a flower to want to use sharp knife , need not shears , with early morning or dusk advisable .	扫描器切割一朵花 , 想用鲨鱼刀 , 不需要剪切 , 早早晨或杜克可建议 。
in procedure aspect , argumentation from coherence needs an equal debate and dialogue among judge , party and other attendee .	在过程中 , 共同的辩论需要在法官、党和其他参与者之间的平等辩论和对话 。
forget about spending christmas eve watching a movie alone or the holiday vacation reading a 1200page book .	忘记花费圣诞节在看电影 , 或者假日的假期阅读1200页的书 。
terry lundgren is chief executive of macy's , the company that owns macy's and bloomingdales department store .	特里·lundgren是macy的首席执行官 , 公司拥有macy和bloomingdales部门的公司 。
very possibly , whatever surprises you will occur in a group situation like a class , conference , convention or meeting .	很可能 , 无论你会出现在一个类、会议、会议、会议或会议上 , 都会有什么惊讶 。
we generally trust our capacity to manage ourselves , but we do not trust the capacity of others to manage themselves .	我们通常信任我们自己的能力 , 但我们不信任其他人管理自己的能力 。
vietnamese deputy foreign minister pham binh minh calls the talks , which ended monday , productive .	越南部长phambinhminh称之为谈判 , 周一结束了生产力 。
invoke loud you heart trouble ... follow the rhythm ... zedoary their hair together nerve ... !	发出的声音让你心脏麻烦...跟着节奏...把头发放在一起...
the key points of the operation and the stripping methods and effects of the defective chromium deposit were introduced .	介绍了缺陷铬矿床的操作和操作的关键问题 , 以及缺陷铬矿床的影响 。
if modulus matches the sign of the denominator , then the result of division truncates toward minus infinity .	如果模块匹配了显示器的标志 , 那么分裂的结果就会导致无限性 。
objective to study the effect of nasolacrimal duct reconstruction for refractory congenital dacryocystitis with ktp laser .	目的探讨鼻咽管重建对ktp激光后发性脑膜炎的影响 。
you have a single messaging engine that gets created automatically when you add the cluster as a member of the si bus .	您有一个单个消息引擎 , 当你添加si总线的集群成员时 , 就会自动创建 。
a flat surface will block the wind flow and also create a dead water region to trap the bug before it is squashed .	平板表面将阻止风流 , 同时也会创造一个死水区 , 以便在它方形的方形之前 , 将该区域渗透 。
the report finds the united states continued to be the main country of destination for asylum seekers of all nationalities in 2008 .	报告显示 , 美国仍然是2008年亚洲寻求全国各国各地的目标的主要国家 。
any number of response text documents can have their rich or plain text body field appended to an email message .	任何数量的响应文档都可以有丰富或平原文字段 , 适用于电子邮件消息 。
murrieta boasts an educated , highincome population comparable to communities in san diego and orange counties .	穆里特拉博士拥有教育、高收入的人口 , 与圣迪戈和橙色国家的社区相比 。
the panel is a nonvoting one , but even fda advisory panels which don't vote are still reviewed by the agency .	帕纳尔是一个非投票 , 但即使fda的建议板 , 甚至不投票还是由机构评论 。
under the market condition that has formed 10 years afore and experience , can more companies are joined , will build an industry chain .	在市场条件下 , 已经形成了10年 , 经验 , 可以加入更多的公司 , 将建立一个行业链 。
" you need a cut to force the institution to make changes to the system , " says berkson , who coordinated the budget deliberations .	伯克逊说: " 你需要削减一个机构来使制度变化为系统 。 " 他协调预算解决 。
journalists learned that the previous inspection , guicheng has ordered two " five noes " in the construction of the plant work .	记者们学习了以前的检查 , 郭正已经订购了两个 " 五条 " 的工厂建设 。
he's the author of perfumes: the guide , and the subject of chandler burr's 2003 book the emperor of scent .	他是笔者的作者:指南 , 查德勒·布尔2003年的2003书的皇帝 。
aibullet television ltd is a integrated video production , market research , planning , design and delivery of integrated services company .	aibullet电视有限公司是一家集成的视频生产、市场研究、计划、设计和交付集成服务公司的服务 。
to provide customers with high quality fashion products , and do a good job for every one thing ' is used to one style of qadir .	为了提供高质量的时尚产品的客户提供 , 为每一件东西做好好工作 , 都是用来一个qadir的风格 。
because of the common offset working mode of gpr , there are large amount of horizontal coherent noise in the gpr record .	由于gpr常见的工作模式 , 在gpr记录中有大量的水平相干噪声 。
what does the new science tell us about how corina's 28yearold brain produced corina's 28yearold mind ?	新科学告诉我们 , 科林纳的28岁的大脑产生了科林纳的28岁的脑袋 ?
we went to the seaside , the same blue sea and sky , on the beach sundrenched , is piece very enjoy it .	我们走到海边 , 同样的蓝海和天空 , 在海滩上 , 很享受它 。
sagittarians are positive people ; they have a bright outlook on life , are enterprising , full of energy and vitality .	萨吉塔利亚人是积极的人 , 他们对生活有一个明亮的外面 , 是企业、充满能量和生命力 。
in general , wastes do not have or exhibit an intrinsic hazard of infectiousness , except in very specific cases .	一般来说 , 浪费并没有或展示感染的内在危险 , 除了非常特殊的病例外 , 外 , 外 , 还是不存在 。
but nothing of the kind happens . instead , the arpeggios evolve through a succession of gently unexpected harmonies .	然而 , 没有什么事情 。 相反 , 阿帕格奥斯通过一次不期望和谐的成功演化 。
objective:to study the content of tyrosinase in the blood and hemorrheology in vitiligo animal pathological pattern .	目的:探讨大鼠动物病理模式在血液和血液学中的含量 。
all jcss gases are assigned their values using gravimetric standard gases analyzed by the government agency .	所有jcsss气体都通过政府机构分析重力标准气体分配了它们的价值 。
this step , however , is the one that has caused the most intense frustration in prebiotic chemistry research for the past several decades .	然而 , 这个步骤是因为在过去几十年前的生物化学研究中造成了最强烈的破坏 。
each contestant was given a towel to sit on and to cover themselves when naked , but only after they had stripped completely .	每个比赛者都给了一座塔子坐在身上 , 然而在被纳克的时候 , 只有在他们完全打破之后才能掩盖自己 。
it provides a single and complete view of customers , partners , products , and business through data warehouses or federation .	通过数据仓库或联盟 , 提供了一个完整的客户、合作伙伴、产品、产品和业务 。
a company may sometimes resort to selling at a loss in order to force its rivals into bankruptcy , and then dominate the market .	一家公司可能会有时会在损失中销售 , 为了迫使它的竞争对手变成破产 , 然后主导市场 。
normally when using git , you can assume that your repository is a little bit behind what is located on kernel . org .	通常当使用git时 , 您可以假设您的存储库是位于kernel.org之后的一个小点 。
now our electricity , phone , insurance and cable bills are automatically withdrawn from our account each month .	现在我们的电力 , 电话 , 保险和电缆账单自动地从我们每个月的帐户到达 。
thus he tried to alter and abolish the unequal treaties , limited and cancelled western powers' privilege in china ;	因此 , 他试图改变 , 废除了不平等的条约 , 限制了西方权力的特权 ;
if i focus the rays of sun with a burning glass , even in the coldest days of winter , i can kindle a fire with ease .	如果我把阳光放在冬天最冷的时候 , 我就可以很容易地用火来进行 。
the government should take appropriate policies to assure these western enterprises' leading status in the technological innovation .	政府应该采取适当的政策来确保这些西方企业在技术创新中的领先地位 。
therefore , if god sees us through the eyes of his beloved son , then we ought to start seeing ourselves through jesus as well .	因此 , 如果神经过他爱儿子的眼睛看到我们 , 那么我们也应该从耶稣看到自己 。
but to a broadminded one , difference means richness in colors and postures and diversity embodies unity and harmony .	但是 , 对于一个广泛的领域来说 , 颜色和姿势和多样性的体现团结和谐 。
creative industries and nonwoven bag close economic ties , its nonwoven bag huge impetus to the development of industry .	创造性产业和非wowoven包密切的经济体 , 它的非wowog袋对产业的发展产生巨大的不足 。
this paper generalizes the characteristics of studies of lu xu in china this year and reveals the treads of future studies .	本文介绍了今年我国鲁徐的研究特点 , 揭示了未来研究的趋势 。
the first rule of camping is to keep a clean camp site . you can't leave anything which bears might think is food .	营地的第一条规则是保持一个清洁的营地 , 你不能留下任何东西 , 承担的是食物 。
it makes it possible to reach oil deposits that can't be reached vertically like those under a town or a lake .	这使得在一个城市或湖下的石油沉积可能达到油沉积 。
it's the first time to report that network externalities is one of the import influence factor to imcl , and it's proved .	第一次报告说网络外部性是imcl的重要影响因素之一 , 证明网络外部性的影响因素之一 。
security was tight because of a new terrorist threat . streets were closed . police lined the sidewalks .	安全由于一个新的恐怖主义威胁 , 街道被关闭 。 警察沿着理想的道路 。
'i think it's great to see a dynamic woman in politics , ' said ryoko okamoto , 34 , an interpreter .	" 我认为 , 在政治上看到一个动态女性 , " 34岁的解释家说 。
air france industries will begin installing the enhancements at its le bourget airport facility near paris in 2012 .	法国航空行业将在2012年在巴黎附近的巴黎安装增强机场设施 。
the public media places " benshan culture " into a new circumstance , and provides the opportunity for its further development .	公共媒体将 " 本山文化 " 放在一个新的环境中 , 为其进一步发展提供了机会 。
because high us interest rates tend to cause the dollar to appreciate , they are likely to make an already large trade deficit larger .	因为很高的美国利率往往往会导致美元的欣赏 , 他们可能会使美元变得更大的贸易赤字 。
the type of conduction had been widely used in electronic tubes of radio , television and many other modern devices .	电视、电视、电视等现代装置广泛应用于广泛的电子管中 。
in the serene riverside town , the pace of life is entirely subject to the gentle flow of the tinkling streams .	在严峻的河流中 , 生命的过程完全是对潮流的温柔流动的主题 。
in june , a group of suicide bombers and gunmen launched a deadly attack on the luxury intercontinental hotel .	六月份 , 一群自杀炸弹和枪手在奢侈大陆酒店发射了一场死亡的袭击 。
if the object were indeed a flying saucer , recovering it could potentially be worth millions or billions of dollars .	如果这个对象确实是一名飞行员 , 可以恢复它可能是数百万美元或数亿美元 。
dna mobility is related to its charge and the average size of the fragment as it twists and tumbles through the gel .	dna移动性与其电荷和电荷的平均尺寸相关 , 因为它的twists和管道通过凝胶来构成 。
the contents of cichoric acid in introducing plant of echinacea purpurea in china were assayed by hplc .	采用hplc法测定了我国磷酸的含量 。
mr . thomas is making a long distance call . please wait for a few minutes . would you like some coffee or tea ?	托马斯先生正在打电话 , 请等几分钟 , 你会喜欢一些咖啡或茶吗 ?
the two to three founders saying that each of them owns x amount of newco and assigning all of their ip related to this venture to newco .	两位创始人说 , 每个人都拥有x-co的新co , 并分配所有的ip , 与此类风险相关 。
by appreciating and analyzing some compositions , we can rationally ponder upon chinese modern oil painting’s present situation .	通过欣赏和分析一些组成部分 , 我们可以合理地推广中国现代油画现状 。
when general leclerc called them traitors and said: " how could you , the french , wear someone else's uniform ? "	当一般的莱克勒克莱克称为他们的特点 , 说: " 你可以 , 法国人 , 穿着别人的统一吗 ? "
research on the effect of laser igniting characteristics caused by doping graphite into b/kno3 with photoacoustic detection method .	研究了用光声检测法引起的激光辐射特性对b/kno3引起的影响 。
the contribution of platelets to hyperacute rejection of both allografts and xenografts is well recognized .	识别了高精度拒绝的板块的贡献 , 具有良好的识别意义 。
in hong kong , it has only been recorded in sunset peak ; the locality is within country parks under protection .	在香港 , 只记录在太阳峰中 , 地方公园在保护下 , 只记录在太阳峰中 。
children's songs play an important part in children's education not to be replaced by other forms of poetry .	孩子们的歌曲在孩子们的教育中扮演了重要的部分 , 不要替代其他诗歌的替代 。
what a vivid picture! just as the picture depicts, there are so many things or desires that the man has to bear or to seek .	一个vivivid照片 ! 就像图片描述一样 , 有很多东西 , 或者要求男人必须承受或寻找的东西 。
the report also predicts that continuing instability in the middle east will probably keep pushing prices up into the spring .	报告还预测 , 中东地区继续不稳定的报告可能会保持推动价格上升到春天 。
another factor intel mentioned: companies building out on the backend to take advantage of socalled cloud computing .	另外一个因素提到:公司在后端建立出来 , 以便采取所谓云计算的优势 。
based on the analysis of the development trend of transportation statistics , this paper puts forward " transportation accounts " concept .	基于交通统计的发展趋势 , 提出了 " 交通账户 " 概念 。
not only students but also teachers were inspired by the news that wang leqing was admitted to qinghua university .	不仅是学生 , 而且还是老师受到王莱庆的新闻吸引了青华大学的启发 。
this financial support allows the society to continue to grow its standards programs and fund future initiatives .	这个金融支持允许社会继续增长其标准计划和基金会的前提 。
damage model was built based on the rules of projectile dispersion and the principle of armourpiercing mechanics .	建立了基于工程分散规则的损伤模型 , 基于工程分散规则 , 建立了armourpercing机械的原理 。
our " slot " system gives you several choices where to place decorative objects on surfaces , such as tables and dressers .	我们的 " 槽 " 系统提供了几种选择 , 可以在表面上放置装饰物 , 比如桌子和衣服 。
the cradle towers of zhengzhou will comprise of five mixeduse towers swooping out of a ringshaped podium .	郑州的蟹塔将由五个混合式塔从环形的体育中摆出 。
you may recall that back in 2006 in the great hall of the people , the beijing summit of the forum on chinaafrica cooperation was held .	您可能回忆到2006年 , 北京峰会在中国非洲合作论坛上举行 。
perhaps most importantly , visiting judges have the opportunity to speak oneonone with u . s . judges .	也许最重要的是 , 访问法官有机会对美国法官发言一个人说话 。
note the luteinized cells forming the inner cyst lining at the left with adjacent surrounding theca cells .	注意在左侧形成内部囊肿细胞的润滑细胞 , 与周围细胞相邻 。
blood viscosity , plasma viscosity , erythrocyte deformed index , fibrinogen and plt were decreased .	血粘度、血浆粘度、血浆粘度、染色细胞变形指数、纤维原子和plt均降低 。
current coreos linux users can take advantage of a cloudnative platform to reach one of the world's largest markets .	目前的coreoslinux用户可以采取优势 , 以达到世界上最大的市场之一的优势 。
with the computer and the database technology applied in the clothing industry , clothing mtm developed rapidly .	随着计算机和数据库技术在服装行业中应用 , 服装mtm快速发展 。
the personal data collected will be treated as strictly confidential and will be used only for receipting and other communication with you .	个人数据收集的是严格的信心 , 只能用来接收和其他通讯 。
each of the pen heads is separately matched with one of two caps . the liquid tube is arranged in the penstock .	每个笔头都分别匹配两只帽子之一 , 液体管被放在笔子里 。
from the above it has been proved that the lifetable method is practical and efficient in forecasting the supply of the mch manpower .	从以上证明 , 可生命的方法在预测mchmanpower的供应中具有实用性和有效性 。
learn how to improvise when crocheting a scarf in this free crocheting lesson from an experienced crochet artist .	了解如何在这个自由的克鲁夫在这个自由的克鲁夫教训中 , 学习如何改善 , 从一个经历的克鲁伊特艺术家 。
walmart also announced the resignation of clara wong , its senior vice president for human resources in china .	沃尔玛还宣布了中国人力资源的高级副总统的辞职 。
due to its mild microclimate , graz is a city of lush parks with an almost mediterranean flair .	由于其寒冷的微升温 , 格雷兹是一座城市 , 是一座几乎中世纪的公园 。
you sneeze because you've got all these germs inside you and your body wants to get the germs out , so you sneeze .	你们因为你身体里都有这些杰米斯 , 你的身体想要把杰米斯拿出来 , 所以你打扫了 。
this is useful for adding extra information to portions within the block that are of interest , especially if the maps are shared between developers .	这对于增加额外的信息来说 , 特别是在开发者之间共享的地图来说 , 这是有用的 。
those colors should be incorporated into your website in some way , even if it’s just in the header image or as accent colors .	这些颜色应该在某种程度上加入你的网站 , 即使它只是在头图或像中心的颜色 。
another reality is that if the us is unable to expand its exports , pressure will grow to restrict its imports , instead .	另一个现实是 , 如果美国不能扩大出口 , 压力将会增长到进口 , 相反 。
for maximum safety , do not touch the product , test cables , or any other instruments while power is applied to the circuit under test .	对于最大安全 , 不要触摸产品、测试电缆或其他仪器 , 而电源在测试中应用到电路 。
much of buffett's wisdom stems from this one investment trait: when you don't know what to do , don't do anything .	许多bufffet的智慧干部从这个投资特性上说:当你不知道什么时候 , 不要做任何事情 。
i was also glad that roger and mother hadn’t let themselves get too hurt by whites bringing up roger’s drug problem .	我也很高兴 , 罗杰和母亲不让自己受到白人带来了罗杰的药物问题太伤害 。
the trick is to constantly selfevaluate and selfimprove by not just improving their productivity but also improving their ways of working .	这种努力是不断的自我评价和自我提高他们的生产力 , 而且提高了他们的工作方式 。
we certainly welcome oem items to meet the needs of different customer , and we guarantee our quality and punctuality .	我们当然欢迎奥运项目满足不同客户的需求 , 我们保证我们的质量和惩罚 。
" tony is cheerful and friendly , " one report stated . " his detention in hospital is preventing deterioration of his condition . "	一个报告说: " 托尼是很好的和友好的 , " 一个报告说 , " 他在医院的拘留是防止他的条件 。 "
in 1954 , there were only a dozen armed robberies in london but , by the 1990s , there were more than a hundred times as many .	1954年 , 伦敦只有几十个武装机器 , 但到1990年代 , 大约有一百多次 。
" what they also did is showed me a picture of murmansk at the end of world war ii , and it was an aerial photograph , " he says .	他说: " 他们也显示了我在世界第二战结束的一幅穆尔曼斯克图片 , 这是一幅航空照片 。 "
this did not occur in a control group of volunteers who were trained in the morning and retested in the evening , with no sleep in between .	这并没有发生在一组志愿者早上训练的志愿者 , 并且在晚上没有睡眠 。
exoffenders have gotten particular attention for their efforts to stop gang violence and work with troubled teenagers .	外国人对他们的努力有着特别关注 , 阻止青少年的暴力 , 努力阻止青少年暴力和工作 。
it is better to distribute obfuscated version of your web content and to keep your original source code for yourself .	更好地分布对您的网络内容进行分布 , 使您的原始源代码保持自己的原始代码 。
the war in iraq , katrina , and the wall street collapse were the three nails in the coffin of the age of reagan .	伊拉克、卡塔里纳和华尔街崩溃的战争是雷根时代的三个钉子 。
that won an immediate laugh from the cast and crew on the first take , but enthusiasm waned after the first few hearings .	第一次听到了几次听证之后 , 这个球员就得到了一个直接笑话 , 然而热情在第一次听证之后 , 进一步 。
rediscovered from the bottom of that dirtladen heap , it was able to see the light , still in good state . it was such a relief !	重新从那个肮脏的堆顶中恢复出来 , 能看到光 , 仍然在很好的状态 , 是这样的救济 !
my father is center my mother is left forward my sister is right forward my wife is right guard and my brother is left forward .	我父亲是我母亲离开的中心 , 我的姐姐向前是对的 , 我的兄弟向前走了 。
it is nice to look back and see what we have done together , aware that we are part of a story that is without equal and is ongoing .	很好地回顾 , 看看我们一起做的事情 , 意识到我们是一个不等的故事 , 正在等待的故事 。
angry with himself , obiwan piloted the speeder up the mountain toward dooku's villa at maximum speed .	愤怒的是 , 奥巴华飞行速度在最大速度上升到多乌的维拉 。
we are testing the contents of physical performance can achieve national norms , all the indicators this was our request .	我们正在测试物理性能的内容可以实现国家规范 , 所有指标都是我们的请求 。
mebazaa has assembled an interim coalition government and claims that new elections will be held in the coming months .	梅巴萨已经组成了一个国际联盟政府 , 并声称新选举将在未来几个月举行 。
wartime commemorations come round so often that the 70th anniversary of the siege of leningrad may seem unremarkable .	战时记忆往往往是 , 70周年纪念的莱宁拉德可能看起来似乎不清楚 。
count it , if you had above three among those , so congratulations you , you have already become lechery woman of one row .	如果你在这里有三个人 , 所以祝贺你 , 你已经成为一排学习女人 。
biemang , dug a fire burned the hell you are in an unenviable position , digging as soon as possible to add water .	双阳 , 被火烧毁了你在一个不可避免的位置中 , 就像可能加入水一样 。
rockfall , a tiny community 20 miles south of hartford , is part of the town of middlefield , conn .	哈特福德南部的一个小型社区20英里的哈特福德南部 , 是中场的一部分 。
that will again be a friday but it will be at nine o'clock and he will be here so i think that will be a lot of fun also .	这将再次成为星期五 , 但它将在九点钟 , 他会在这里 , 所以我认为这里会是很多乐趣 。
we're not sure of the unusual 'stone' finish in place of the usual wood grain , however this is purely subjective .	然而 , 我们不确定在普通木材粮的地方完成 " 稳定 " , 但这是纯粹的主观性 。
the retroactivity of construction of law refers to if the new construction of law can apply to the past event and behaviour .	法律建设的反应是指法律的新建设可以应用于过去事件和行为的新建设 。
but if you slow down and think about your attention , you'll agree that answering email while browsing the web is impossible .	但是如果你慢慢地考虑你的注意力 , 你会同意在浏览网络时回答电子邮件 。
most of the protesters are said to be in the capital , mbabane , and are unable to get to manzini , a 45minute drive away .	大多数抗议者都说 , 在资本、mbane、mbabane和mbaini , 无法获得曼子尼 , 45分钟的驱动车离开 。
evenings were spent at the theatre . this ballet told the story of the triumphant building of a hydroelectric dam .	晚上在剧场上花了 , 这个球场告诉了一个水电坝的故事 。
i like to use this tactic in lowkey situations , like grocery stores , coffee shops , book stores , etc .	我喜欢在低键情况下使用这种策略 , 比如杂货店、咖啡店、书店等 。
following a small shan told reporters that he is on time every morning get up at 5 , the first thing is to help mothers understand toilet .	接下来的一只小山告诉记者 , 他每天早上每天上午5点 , 第一件事就是帮助母亲理解厕所 。
for decades , who has had a strong presence in endemic countries , working shouldertoshoulder with local health officials .	几十年来 , 在内部国家有很强的存在 , 工作负责人与当地卫生官员工作 。
aduh: that movie cat in the hat even shows our legislators fighting on tv . sheesh ! what a loss of face .	uh:这部电影在帽子里 , 甚至显示了我们的立法人在电视上战斗 。 她 !
there is a wide variation in the amount of these cnv deletions which people have in their genome , with some people having several million .	这些cnv在基因组中有很多不同的变化 , 人们在基因组中有很多人 , 有几百万人 。
“with a low cost of living and big texascharm , bachelors are sure to find love in this city ! ” rent . com says .	租金说: " 我是一个低廉的生活成本和大型纺织品 , 巴克尔默肯定在这个城市找到爱情 ! "
poweridea sparks believes openness is the single most important quality a resource integrator must have .	权威观念表明 , 开放性是唯一最重要的资源集成者必须拥有资源集成者 。
fungizone intravenous in powder form should be stored in the refrigerator , protected against exposure to light .	粉末形成的真菌发明应存储在冰箱里 , 保护防止曝光 。
the semifloating layered burner is provided with a wind blowing coal device and a coal granule screening device .	采用风吹煤设备和煤颗粒屏幕设备 , 提供了半开发层燃烧器 。
the fgets , fgetss , fread , fscanf , and fclose functions also return false on error .	fgets、gets、fread、fscanf和flose函数也返回错误的错误 。
the camera includes a stereoscopic imaging part , a stereoscopic vision information processing part and a motor drive part .	摄像机包括一个稳定的视觉成像部分 , 一个稳定的视觉信息处理部分和汽车驱动部件 。
metabolic flux analysis plays an important role in guiding the genetic manipulation in metabolic engineering .	代谢流体分析在指导代谢工程中具有重要作用 。
the kinds of approximations needed to , for example , simulate a firestorm , were in the past computationally intractable .	例如 , 在过去的计算中 , 需要的类似是需要的 , 仿真一个消防器 , 正在过去的计算中 。
displays a list of all of the names of columns in this database that have unique singlecolumn indexes .	在这个数据库中显示了所有列表的列表列表 , 这些列表都有独特的单列索引 。
as we geophysicists all know , the definite difference method is a numerical method widely used in geophysics .	地球物理学家都知道 , 地球物理学的定义差异方法是一种广泛应用于地球物理的方法 。
new york new signs of surging corporate profits led to early gains in the stock market tuesday .	纽约市周二早些时候 , 纽约新签署的利润导致股市收益率上升 。
to formulate work plans for dispatching representatives of state stock ownership to the state holding and jointstock corporations .	为了制定国有股东所有权的代表 , 为了制定国有股权和联合股份公司的工作计划 。
conclusion:il 4 of tibet pig was successfully cloned from the lymphocyte after stimulating 70 h with cona .	结论:在刺激70h患者后 , tbet猪的4例成功从淋巴细胞中克隆 。
the invention relates to a traction rectification reduction bed with a tiltable former section a tiltable latter section .	本发明涉及一种跟踪修复床 , 与前一段可倾斜的前段相关 。
other whole bovine skin leather , without hair on , of a unit surface area not exceeding 28 square feet	另外 , 其他全身的牛皮皮皮革 , 没有头发 , 单位表面不超过28平方英尺 。
memory is a runaway rivers , and we are waiting for the pewww . qq3721 . comople on both sides .	记忆是一个runaway河 , 我们正等待pew.qw.q3721.comle两侧的pew.
many dance studios offer special firsttimer promotions that allow newbies to take classes for under $10 , sometimes for free .	许多舞蹈工作室提供特殊的第一次推广 , 允许新闻在10美元下采取课程 。
objective to assess the sensory recovery in denervated wound surface covered with thick spilt skin graft .	目的评价厚纺织皮肤移植的感官恢复情况 。
currently , the effective tax rate of mineral enterprises is lower 1526 percent than that of the nonmineral enterprises .	目前 , 矿产企业的有效税收率比非矿产企业的价格低于1526% 。
in most species of social insects , such as wasps , bees , and ants , the females rule . the females are the workers .	在大多数的社会昆虫 , 比如垃圾、蜜蜂和蚂蚁 , 雌性规则 。 女性是工人 。
the characteristics of the short circuited fault in low voltage system are studied by means of simulation and experiment .	采用模拟和实验 , 研究了低电压系统中短路故障的特点 。
after inserting the contact into the table , the database returned the value of the id column of the row just inserted .	在插入表之后 , 数据库返回了id列的id值 , 只是插入到表中 。
for example , french impressionism or german expressionism , each has its own unique creative ideas and techniques .	例如 , 法国印象主义或德国表达主义都有自己独特的创造性思想和技术 。
it comes to a conclusion that the energy comsumption is decreased by applying mentioned methods in summer and winter .	研究结果表明 , 夏季和冬季利用提到的方法 , 降低了能量假设 。
conclusion no resistance to brodifacoum was tested in r . flavipectus . brodifacoum can be used for rats control .	结论在rr.flavictctus中测定无抗性 , 可用于大鼠控制 。
the meng age lady starts apt query a key question , " that he does this a batch of maneuvers do many and greatly ? "	蒙古时代女士开始了一个关键问题 , " 他做了这批制造商做了很多并且很大程度地 ? "
sam 'spike' witwicky: gentlemen... let me introduce you to my friend: optimus prime !	萨姆 " 智慧 " :温柔的男人...让我介绍给朋友:最优先生 !
yuxian northerly location , the department of taihang mountain top , is a temperate continental climate .	元兴北部位于台山顶部 , 是一座温度的大陆气候 。
only in exceptional circumstances dandy may allow client to revoke or amend the relevant instruction or order .	只有在例外的环境中 , 只有可以允许客户重新启用或修改相关的指令秩序 。
normal circumstances , and macular between the choroid , an extremely thin protection of the organization .	正常情况下 , 环氧化物之间的正常环境 , 极薄的保护组织 。
have a professional designer of a variety of design styles for you to create , with years of experience in the construction team .	拥有各种设计方式的专业设计师 , 为您创造各种设计风格 , 经历了多年的建筑团队 。
but the real advantage to lambdas is when you create functions on the fly and no variable reference is required . for example	但是 , 对于拉伯达的真正优势是当你在飞行上创建函数时 , 没有变量参考 。
to find the people , old friends and relatives free search tool people , including 411 white " pages . "	为了找到人们 , 老朋友和亲戚自由搜索工具 , 包括41页白色 " 页面 " 。
this design , a variant on the double armchair style and just as lightly padded , was shortlived in france .	这种设计 , 双臂椅风格的变化 , 就像轻松的一样 , 法国短暂 。
if you benchpressed 100 pounds this week , for example , then next week you should try doing 105 pounds .	例如 , 如果你本周被压缩了100磅 , 那么下周你应该尝试做105磅 。
well , the conception of the universe that was widespread among ancient peoples is one that you're probably familiar with .	嗯 , 宇宙的概念在古代人民中广泛传播的概念是你可能熟悉的 。
the discoloring process in normal pectin production can be left out . the products possess high yield and qualified quality .	生产正常的分离过程可以离开 , 产品具有较高的产量和质量的质量 。
conclusion the key to improve the accuracy of atypical meningioma ct diagnosis is to locate the tumor .	结论 , 提高心肌ctctct诊断精度的关键是定位肿瘤 。
the whole work will be completed within two years , drafts of almost all of the manuscripts being on hand and under revision now .	整个工作将在两年内完成 , 几乎所有人都在手上和修订之下的手稿 。
the ekf algorithm is adopted to solve the nonlinear measurement function with radome slope interference .	采用ekf算法来解决无线性测量函数的非线性测量函数 。
in india , it is the corporations that are building giant coalbased power plants which are major climate polluters .	在印度 , 是建立大型煤炭电厂的公司 , 是印度的主要气候污染物 。
if you have covered induction at all and looked at meller's approach to induction i mentioned it last time very briefly .	如果你覆盖了指导 , 看着梅勒的方法 , 我最后一次提到了它 。
an old farmer planted the seeds he bought from the market , autumn came and no harvest , for the seeds are fake .	一个老农民计划了他从市场上买的种子 , 秋天就来了 , 没有收获 , 因为种子是伪造的 。
the company’s overall gross profit margin grew to 36 . 3 percent , from 34 . 8 percent in the yearago quarter .	公司总体收益率为36.3% , 来自今年的季度的34.8% 。
of 186 liver transplant patients receiving sirolimus , 4 developed pneumonitis that was attributed to the drug ;	186年 , 肝移植患者接受irolimus , 4例发育的肺炎被归属于药物 ;
" being a parent means being mature enough to help a child adapt to disappointment , " achenbach says .	achenbach说: " 作为一个父母的意思是成熟的手段 , 帮助孩子适应消失 。 "
the outbound event sends this metric value from the monitor model of the loan_completionone process to the highlevel monitor model .	外界事件从贷款-comptionone过程的监测模型发送了这个met值 , 到高级监测器模型 。
however , today than in the japanese rule of korea , its sinister means , what is more trivial difference .	然而 , 今天的日本规则比韩国的日本规则更多 , 它的罪人意味着 , 越来越多的部落差异 。
memorial ceremony of qin is quite different from that of zhou and lu in sacrificial time , place , offerings , etc .	秦的记忆仪式与周和卢在牺牲时代 , 地点 , 提供 , 等 。
we are even informed that cigarette smoking may gravely jeopardize not only the smokers , but also the nonsmokers .	我们甚至通知 , 烟雾吸烟可能会严格犹豫不仅吸烟者 , 而且还是吸烟者 。
objective: to summarize the clinical experience of professor shaonian fang in treating obstruction of qi in the chest .	前言:目的:总结了山南教授在胸胸部的临床经验 。
none of the surveyed materials were found to be suitable for use as impedance matched specular radar absorbers .	研究结果表明 , 没有发现 , 适用于用于阻抗特殊雷达吸收器的阻抗性能 。
electrophoretic coating process on the aluminium alloy support used for solar energy heat unit is introduced .	介绍了用于太阳能热单元的铝合金的电泳涂层工艺 。
of course , the sensory effects of coffee , and other warm beverages , like tea or cocoa , can lift your spirits .	当然 , 咖啡的感觉效果和其他温暖的饮料 , 比如茶或可口 , 可以提高你的精神 。
objective to investigate the clinical and electrocardiographic character of idiopathic and secondary abnormal j wave .	目的探讨异常j波的临床和心电图特点 。
abstract: to study germination characteristics of mirabilis jalapa and althaea rosea by soaking their dormant seeds .	摘要:研究米拉比利亚巴和阿尔萨巴的萌芽特点 , 通过浸泡他们的宿舍种子 。
introduced the scope of application and structures of multiblade vertical cutting machine and bead insulating line .	介绍了多阶段垂直切割机的应用范围和多阶段垂直切割机的应用范围 。
the cylindrical container has a wide mouth opening for easy filling and convenient access to the contents .	圆柱容器对容器有很大的开口 , 很容易填充和方便的访问内容 。
rapid climate changes at millennial and centennial scales are one of the most important aspects in paleoclimate study .	近年来 , 近年来的气候变化是分配研究中最重要的一个方面之一 。
it is a common problem that the range of applying lien and interrogation is excessive broad in public security organs .	是一种常见的问题 , 适用于狮子和侵蚀范围在公安机构中使用过多的广泛存在 。
in 2009 china ended a quarantine blockade around a remote northwestern town hit by pneumonic plague .	2009年 , 中国在北部一座遥远的北部城市中结束了一块量子块 。
to address this issue , we have carried out a series of studies of tissue reconstitution by single hscs .	为了解决这个问题 , 我们已经通过单个hscs实现了一系列组织恢复研究 。
objective to investigate the etiologic factors of chronic prostatitis following sexually transmitted urethritis .	目的探讨慢性前列腺炎患者慢性前列腺炎的病理因素 。
as the eye health company , bausch &lomb dedicated to perfecting vision and enhancing life for consumers around the world .	随着眼睛健康公司 , 巴斯和卢布在世界各地消费者的视觉完善 , 提高了生活 。
help pharmaceutical enterprise customers solve problems , the pursuit of human health is our lofty ideal .	帮助医疗企业顾客解决问题 , 追求人类健康的追求是我们的理想 。
then a new method of block generalization based on street skeletonline and building skeletonline is put forward .	提出了一种基于街头骨架线和建筑骨架的新方法 。
at the other end of the spectrum is su ming , who comes from a family of farmers and studies at a university in beijing .	在北京一所大学的农民和研究中 , 另一端光谱是孙明 , 来自北京的一个家庭 。
some big firms have begun employing westerners with long experience in the best american and european facilities .	一些大公司已经开始雇佣西方人 , 在美国和欧洲设施中最好的经验 。
and we can see the truth of the world in our own experience to confirm for ourselves the truth which the buddha was teaching .	我们可以看到世界的真理 , 在我们自己的经历中确认佛教的真理 。
in order to realize the control arithmetic , this paper uses the plc , and designs the programs of both pid control and fuzzy control .	为实现控制算法 , 利用plc实现控制算法 , 设计了pid控制和模糊控制的程序 。
a few days’ break was declared for the religious holiday of eid aladha , beginning on november 17th .	几天的破产被宣布为伊德阿拉哈宗教节日 , 开始于117年1月17日开始 。
you can submit your own idea or comment on the list on our web site , theatlantic . com , or you can send us a letter .	你可以在我们的网站上提交自己的想法或评论 , 或者你可以发送一封信 。
as these individuals grow more comfortable around each other , you will see more head tilt and therefore more exposure of the neck .	随着这些个体的增长越来越舒适 , 你会看到更多的头尖 , 因此更多的脖子暴露 。
other fringe parties enjoyed a record surge in support as voters abandoned their traditional allegiances .	另外 , 还有其他的青年党享受了一个记录 , 因为投票人抛弃了他们的传统联盟 。
conclusion the hyperbaric therapy for complication of carbon monoxide poisoning is high cure rate and low deformity rate .	结论高氧化碳氧化碳氧化碳的复杂疗法是高治愈率和低变形率 。
as a player , denver nuggets coach george karl napped , a ritual he passed on to his team .	作为一个球员 , 丹佛nuggets教练乔治·卡尔被纳入了 , 他在队伍上过去了一个仪式 。
while certain fish are loaded with omega3 and protein , they also contain some mercury , dioxins and pcbs .	虽然某些鱼被加载了omega3和蛋白 , 但它们还包含一些汞、二氧化物和pcbs 。
there is no estimating the pride i took in this grandeur , or the affection that began to swell and grow in me for those people .	没有估计我在这个祖母中获得的骄傲 , 或者对我来说 , 感情开始在我身上流汗和生长 。
figure 1 shows an example of a checkstyle report generated with ant using the xslt task demonstrated in listing 1	图1显示了使用xslt任务在清单1中显示的xslt任务中生成的检查风格报告的例子 。
a community of central new jersey , a suburb of new brunswick . population , 21 , 731 .	一个中央新泽西的一个社区 , 一个新的布鲁斯威克郊区 。 人口21 , 731 。
this method can overcome the limitation occurred by single evaluation method and meet the need of fine evaluation of acidizing effect .	本方法可通过单评价方法 , 克服单评价方法的局限性 , 满足精确评价效果的需求 。
the rising , warm air forms distinctive anvilshaped clouds , visible in both the satellite and model image .	上升 , 温暖空气形成明显的云层 , 可见于卫星和模拟图像中 。
a gadget differs from a bot in that it's a specialized miniapplication that helps you perform a focused task .	一个游戏区别于一个瓶子里 , 它是一个专门化的小型补充 , 帮助您执行专注的任务 。
nearby muttrah has a charming mediterraneanstyle waterfront and a harbour now used mainly by cruise liners .	近距离muttrah有一个魅力的中海风格的中海风格 , 现在主要采用橡皮的链接 。
to support this , three options of command vmdeploymgr . sh are provided which is the main application of the vdm .	为了支持这个 , 命令vmde部署mgr.sh的三个选项是vdm的主要应用程序 。
although most securities are markedtomarket , this new gaap still allows securities to be carried at historical cost .	尽管大多数证券都是标志的市场 , 但这个新的gap仍然允许证券在历史成本上执行 。
if we want to make national public servants' property transparent we ought to establish and consummate the system .	如果我们想让全国公共服务员的财产透明 , 我们应该建立和消费制度 。
with the development of internet , more and more people start to use bbs forum over internet as their tool obtaining messages and communions .	随着互联网的发展 , 越来越多的人开始使用bbbs论坛作为他们的工具获得消息和沟通的工具 。
that woman's days were spent in ignorant good will , her nights in argument until her voice grew shrill .	那个女人的日子在不错的好处花了 , 她的夜晚在争论中 , 直到她的声音长大了 。
pedal down hill while you are at the front of a bunch . cyclists dislike having to ride constantly under brakes .	当你坐在一块炸弹前面的时候 , 坐下山 , 周期列人类似于骑车不停地骑着 。
the bronx zoo is incredible , fantastic , very wellmaintained , sprawling zoo with so much to see and do .	布朗克斯动物园是不可思议的 , 很棒的 , 很好地保持着 , 用那么多的看到和做 。
but why would one want to make crosstechnology mixed ui components anyway ? wayne explained some of the usecases	但是 , 为什么一个想要使跨技术混合ui组件混合起来吗 ? 路恩解释了一些使用cas的用途 。
under this background , based on jw1h hospital information system , we designed and developed military hospital library management system .	在此背景下 , 基于jw1h医院信息系统 , 设计并开发了军事医院图书馆管理系统 。
both fra and nfma strengthen the ability of developing countries to manage their forestry information base for their own benefit .	弗拉和nfma都加强了发展中国家的能力 , 以管理他们的森林信息基地 , 为自己的利益 。
relatively smallscale chemical run off and contamination from us copper mines in colorado proved to be disastrous .	相对小规模化学运行并从美国铜矿中污染 , 证明 , 这种化学物质是灾难的 。
the patient and 41 other passengers on the flight am098 arrived in shanghai from mexico on thursday .	星期四 , 上海飞行am098的患者和41名乘客来自墨西哥 。
the innermost zone effect must be taken into account if the required accuracy of tc is at a onemgal level .	如果需要准确的tc的准确度 , 必须采取最多的内部区域效应 。
a heavyduty , highbuild coal tar epoxy coating for the protection of steel and concrete in immersion service .	一种重量的、高建煤焦氧化铝涂层用于合金服务保护钢和混凝土的保护 。
" culpa in contrahendo " in civil law system started in the transition from freedom capitalism to monopoly capitalism .	民法制度的 " 文化保 " 在自由资本主义转向垄断资本主义的过渡中开始 。
any of these locations or styles worked fine users who needed to log in would find the way to do it without frustration or error .	任何这些位置或风格都在工作的那些需要登录的优秀用户 , 可以找到这样的方法 , 不会破坏或错误 。
the indexes have been examined , such as ratio of liver weight and body weight , tg , tc , hdlc and ldlc .	考察了肝重和体重比、tg、tdlc、hdlc和ldlc等指标 。
" this shows that our system integration and research and manufacturing capabilities have reached world standards , " said mr zhang .	" 这表明 , 我们的系统集成和研究和制造能力已达到世界标准 , " 张先生说 。
4then jesus asked them , " which is lawful on the sabbath: to do good or to do evil , to save life or to kill ? "	十四耶稣问他们 , " 撒巴斯的法律 , 要么做好 , 救生 , 还是杀死呢 ? "
the body of a 19yearold worker named ma xiangqian was found in front of his highrise dormitory at 4:30 a . m .	一个19岁的工人名叫马祥乾的身体被发现在他的高层室前面 , 是4:30岁的 。
you may also recall that the media referred to this as a " nearsighted mr . magoo " and " trouble with hubble " .	你也许回忆到 , 媒体称这是一个 " 近似的麦戈诺先生 " 和 " 哈勃 " 的麻烦 。
but after he enrolled in the university of edinburgh , he proved more interested in natural history than medicine .	但是在爱丁堡大学后 , 他在自然历史上证明 , 自然历史比医学更有兴趣 。
q . my teenager is involved in so many activities: school , babysitting , church , sports .	问 。 我的青少年参与了如此多的活动:学校、婴儿坐、教会、体育活动 。
and it came down to what somebody else said here: that left the election on the other dimension , which might have been character or whatever .	另外一个人说:这里的选举在另一个维度上留下了选举 , 这可能是字符或其他人 。
the findings highlight the importance of refining our understanding of the relationship between weight , body fat and disease , says loos .	洛索说 , 研究结果显示了我们的理解重量、身体脂肪和疾病之间的重要性 。
friends lists: allow your users to maintain a list of their onsite friends , and see who others have added as friends .	朋友列表:允许您的用户维护他们的网站朋友的列表 , 并且看其他人添加了朋友 。
politicians talk about wage equality , butmy father has made it a practice at his company throughout his entire career .	政治家谈论工资平等 , 但我父亲在整个职业生涯中做了一个实践 。
in the history , there were such cruel beauty fashions too , such as the chinese threeinch golden lotus and the western corset .	在历史上 , 中国三英寸的黄金莲子和西部角落也有这样的美丽时尚 。
earlier this month , apple granted both vodafone group and telecom italia the right to sell the iphone in italy .	本月早些时候 , 苹果公司将vodafone集团和意大利电信公司销售iphone 。
'the concept is to stock your pantry with things you can't get or that you miss from home , ' mr . lord says .	耶和华先生说: " 这个概念是用你不能获得的东西来存储你的裤子 , 或者你错过家里 。 "
i agree with victor fleischer's basic premise that carried interest is a fee for managing other people's money .	我同意维克·弗里斯切的基本预言 , 携带利益是管理其他人民的钱的费用 。
from a great deal of fogging experiment , getting that the directflash technique can satisfy the experiment .	从大量的泡沫实验中 , 得到直接闪光技术能够满足实验 。
there is 1500w separated wall type air condition set each in the two guest room , which can adjust the temperature .	两间客房间有1500w分离的墙类型空调 , 可调整温度 。
an arresting image to draw the eye and cover lines that reward that curiosity by presenting an intriguing idea .	一个逮捕图片来绘制眼睛和覆盖线条 , 通过给出一个引人注目的想法 。
my hands are small ; please don’t expect perfection whenever i make my bed , draw a picture or throw a ball .	我的手是小的 , 每当我做床时 , 请不要预期完美的时候 , 画一张照片或扔球 。
over the last five years , the chronicle found , their median increase , adjusted for inflation , was 19 . 6 percent .	过去五年来 , 慢性发现 , 他们的媒体增加 , 调整通货膨胀 , 是19.6% 。
methods the telomerase activity of a 2780 cells was examined by modified trapelisa assay .	方法采用改良的trapesa检测2780细胞的结核酶活性 。
you don't need to make many choices , but if you are wondering what to do , consult the ocap ri project wiki page .	你不需要做很多选择 , 但是如果你想要做什么 , 请问ocap的项目wiki页面 。
as a freshman , i won't let you down and i believe that i will do my best to cooperate with this team well very soon .	作为一个新鲜人 , 我不会让你下来 , 我相信我将尽快与这个团队合作 。
emily dickinson lived with her unmarried sister lavinia in an elegant house called the homestead .	玛丽·迪金森住在一位名叫做家的高级房子里 , 她的姐拉文尼亚 。
then i stayed up the whole night , waving a hardboard to keep mosquitoes from approaching her just like a guard .	然后我住在整个晚上 , 浪着一块硬板 , 把蚊子从离开她身边 , 就像一条卫兵一样 。
but when you start thinking about these issues in the context of what you're doing in the meditation , they make it even more stabilizing .	但是当你开始思考这些问题在你在冥想中所做的情况下 , 它们会使它更加稳定 。
yet in practice , we see that government officials belong to the most criminal and " lawless " profession around .	然而实践上 , 我们看到政府官员属于最为犯罪和 " 法律 " 专业 。
secretary . we're out of time ! you have to give encer acce to the carrion device and have it extracted from the city !	秘书 。 我们从时候出来 ! 你必须给予紫外交给车辆装置 , 已经从城市中提取了它 !
to optimize the acoustics , we've built in a series of ports , each with its own unique purpose .	为了优化声学 , 我们已经在一系列港口建立了 , 每个港口都有其独特的目的 。
in 1946 , anna met her future husband general claire chennault , who was a major war hero in china .	1946年 , 安娜遇见了她的未来丈夫总是克莱尔·陈纳尔特 , 他在中国是一个主要战争英雄 。
it needs men who can be prompted without an aim except the aim to be on the move , to function , to go ahead .	除了运动的目标之外 , 人们需要提倡的人 , 除了没有一个目标外 , 除了运动的目标外 , 还需要参与功能 , 才能前进 。
this actually i think derives from a greek word , " synkope , " synkope , synkope .	这个实际上我认为从希腊语中生出来 , " synkope " , synkope , synkope , synkope 。
a further effect is the erosion of city revenues , as the propertyvalue base for such taxes continues to shrink .	进一步的影响是城市收益的侵蚀 , 作为这样的税收价值依据继续缩短 。
now the m1 is maybe the best bike in motogp , yamaha have great riders , so it looks like they don’t need me any more .	现在 , m1也许是莫托格普最好的汽车 , 雅马哈有很大的骑士 , 所以看起来似乎不需要我 。
for all the joy he bring to my life , for every dream he make come true , for all the love i find in him , i will be forever thankful .	对于所有的幸福 , 他带给我的生命 , 因为每个梦想他都是真的 , 因为我在他中找到的爱 , 我永远感谢 。
the black ant gains years of working experiences , cooperate with s&w to design special and perfect business plan .	黑蚂蚁获得了几年的工作经验 , 与标准合作 , 以设计特殊和完善的业务计划 。
considering the same characteristic of the large mechanism remote testing , this system can be used in other large mechanism testing process and find farranging application .	考虑了大型机械远程测试的相同特点 , 本系统可用于其他大型机理测试过程中 , 找到了变形的应用 。
one of the most popular recipe apps is epicurious with its 28 , 000 recipes from gourmet and bon appetit .	最流行的接收应用程序之一是其中28 , 000个受欢迎的接受者之一 。
growth is slowing worldwide . it weakened from a year earlier in 19 of 26 countries that reported apriljune data .	世界范围内的增长越来越慢 , 今年早些时候从19年的26个国家 , 报道了4月的数据 。
traditionalists wring their hands about the " vaporization of value " and " demonetization " of entire industries .	传统主义者把手带到 " 价值 " 和 " 示威化 " 的手里 。
and your cells making transfer rna , if they make a transfer rna molecule that has here , they only put leucine at the other end .	如果你在这里做出了一个转移rna的rna分子 , 那么你的细胞只能把leucuine放在另一端 。
relative water content , water saturation deficit , free water , bound water and cell sap concentration were all correlated with pf .	相对水含量、水饱和缺陷、自由水、边界水浓度均与pf相关 。
the two major attacks , one in lahore and the other in quetta , killed more than 100 people and wounded hundreds of others .	两个主要攻击 , 一个在拉霍尔和其他地震中 , 死亡了100多人 , 伤亡了数百人 。
it seems that there is no obvious law between the difference of flower colors and the content of total flavonoids .	这似乎没有明显的法律 , 花色与总黄酮的含量之间没有明显的法律 。
in grand style , the 1996 annual report is made of textured coffeecolored paper created from espresso grounds .	1996年的大型风格 , 由于1996年的一年的报告 , 由伊斯班牙地区创造的咖啡分离纸制成 。
way home i strode easy steps , wearing sandals , with my heart , " pops , " sings its song .	回家 , 我很容易地跑步 , 穿着沙子 , 用我的心 , " 波普斯 , " 唱歌曲 。
no , i won't be drinking tonight because i am the designated driver . just give my glass of wine to the designated drunk .	不 , 我今晚不会喝酒 , 因为我是指设计的司机 , 只要给我喝酒的杯子给我设计的醉酒 。
at last , the difficulties of research on ladderlike polysiloxane are mentioned , and the development prospect is looked forward .	最后 , 提出了多硅烷的研究难点 , 并提出了发展前景 。
in this paper the fullscale test results of " the customs 301 boat " with or withoutflume tank and seas are presented .	介绍了 " 海关301船 " 的全尺度测试结果 , 或没有流量坦克和海洋的全尺度测试结果 。
however , there are other volcanic sites , such as mt etna , and volcanoes in china , that may fit the researchers' model .	然而 , 还有其他火山网站 , 比如mtetna , 以及在中国的火山 , 这可能适合研究者的模式 。
pandu immediately sent out orders for the finest sapphires , rubies , and diamonds that could be had .	潘德鲁立即将派出最好的萨普郡、橡胶和钻石的订单 。
make sure you do not get bogged down with pressure and are allowing yourself some recreational activities like movies and dating .	确保你不会用压力把自己放在压力下 , 让你自己能够像电影和舞蹈一样的一些娱乐活动 。
she says that among her circle of friends , work choices is the issue that is likeliest to tip their vote away from the government .	她说 , 在她的朋友圈子里 , 工作选择是最可能从政府中提高投票的问题 。
leaders of the two countries have reached consensus on adhering to the general direction of joint development and accelerating consultation .	两国领导人已达成共识 , 坚持共同发展和加速咨询的总体方向 。
that's bad news for arjen robben and joe cole and i'm struggling to see how they will earn a regular place in the team .	这是个坏消息 , 阿森·罗本和乔布·科尔 , 我努力看看他们如何在团队中获得一个常规的地方 。
in a home stay facility safely , water , enjoy pure water of the comfortable , afternoon 4 o 'clock because rain returns .	在家里保持设施安全 , 水 , 享受纯洁的水 , 下午4点钟 , 因为雨回来 。
hence , yu yingshi's textual research on the purity of the ideal world in a dream of red mansions holds little water .	因此 , 杨志的文本研究在一梦中对理想世界的纯粹性进行了研究 。
this is achieved through the elimination , or masking , of both planned and unplanned downtime by eliminating single points of failure .	这是通过消除失效的单点来实现的 , 或者制造 , 两者都是通过消除失败的 。
right arm likelycontinuing recovery , as the left arms remains fixed while the left wrist flexesto initiate the pull .	右臂可能持续恢复 , 左臂仍然保持固定 , 而左手腕柔性肠道启动脉冲 。
objective: to study the expression of angiotensin ii type 1 receptor in hyperoxia induced chronic lung diseased .	目的:探讨血管蛋白i型受体在高氧诱导慢性肺疾病中的表达情况 。
contains response information returned as a result of a registration lookup table refresh operation on the peer resolver .	包含响应信息返回作为注册查找表的结果 , 然后在和平解决器上重新操作 。
amendements any amendments to this contract shall be in the form of addendum in writing be signed by the buyer and the seller .	由买家和卖方签订的任何修改 , 应当在此合同中签订任何修改 。
high speed computing center in institute of space science provides high speed computing environment for students and faculty .	空间科学院高速计算中心为学生和教育提供了高速计算环境 。
after having obtained the degree of licenciéès sciences , i entered ourisson's laboratory in october of 1960 .	经过1960年10月获得许可科学程度后 , 我进入了韦森的实验室 。
gpo's catalog of us government publications — a searchable database of federal publications , with links to those available online .	gpo的目录是美国政府出版物 , 一个可搜索的联邦发布数据库 , 链接到这些可用的网上 。
between 2006 and 2010 , the u . s . pto did not award a single patent to any chinabased units of five out of the 10 companies .	2006年至2010年之间 , 美国图片并没有获得一个专利的专利 , 将其从10家公司中获得五家专利 。
although anticipates to make the direction , but zhao wei also stressed that the performance work delimits the rests by no means .	尽管如此 , 赵伟也强调 , 但赵伟也强调 , 表演工作不能通过手段来限制剩余的手段 。
second , hayek and robbins stress that the keynespigou skepticism about private frugality is shortsighted	第二 , 哈伊克和罗宾斯应该强调 , 关键于私人水果的关键主义是短期看到的 。
the spartans in ancient greece were a nation that paid the greatest attention to eugenics and exercised important influences .	古希腊的西班牙人是全国最大的关注 , 重视生态学和运动的重要影响 。
constrained by its size , the virus uses overlapping shifted reading frames to generate the full complement of proteins .	由于它的大小约束 , 病毒使用翻译阅读框架来生成蛋白的全部补充 。
the second dimension is that you need much more fiscal stimulus — in the countries that can afford it — that is frontloaded .	第二维是 , 您需要更多的财政刺激 , 在这个国家 , 可以加强它的国家 , 这是前载的 。
clean and exfoliate your face by washing it with lemon juice . you can also dab lemon juice on blackheads to draw them out during the day .	清洁 , 用柠檬汁洗脸 , 还可以用柠檬汁洗净 , 还可以在黑头上涂上柠檬汁 。
objective: to modify and develop the syndrome differentiation of threeyang and threeyin discussed in the classic of treatise on febrile disease .	目的:探讨三阳三阴的综合鉴别 , 探讨了三阳三阴症经典对女性疾病的疗效 。
not in indoor optional piled up some flammable and explosive substances , indoor to absolute forbid fireworks .	室内选项并不在室内排除一些可燃的物质 , 爆炸的物质 , 室内吸收防火 。
extends capabilities to automatically locate all databases , in both production and test environments , for monitoring and protection .	扩展能力自动地定位所有数据库 , 在生产和测试环境中 , 用于监控和保护 。
domestically , our customers include bao steel , handan steel , anyang steel , jiugang group , and other large iron and steel groups .	国内外 , 我们的客户包括宝钢、手钢、手钢、ang钢、jugang集团以及其他大铁集团 。
the u . s . secret service estimates that some $1 billion of counterfeit u . s . dollars are printed every year .	美国秘书服务估计 , 约有1亿美元的反馈美元每年印刷 。
teacher's professional ethics in tao xingzhi's thought derived from two aspects: history and practice .	教师的专业道德 , 从两个方面出发 , 从历史和实践出发 , 教师的专业道德 。
in this paper , selforganize competition neural network is applied in the parameters' identification of asynchronous motor .	本文采用自组织竞争神经网络在异步电动机的识别中应用 。
objective to establish a hplc method for the simultaneous assaying of compound ofloxacin and ketotifen nasal sprays .	目的建立hplc方法 , 建立了一种用于同时测定氟沙星化合物和ketotennasal喷雾的方法 。
it’s possible the u . s . defense establishment knew that china had cracked the f117’s secrets .	这可能是美国防御建立的可能 , 中国已经破坏了f17的秘诀 。
according to a recent survey , about 78 . 9% of the college students want to further their study after their graduation .	根据最近的一项调查 , 大约78.9%的大学生希望在毕业后进一步研究 。
there's a ghost often described as harassment of human evil , was on behalf of justice for the eradication of momotaro .	有一个鬼常被描述为人类邪恶的罪恶 , 是莫塔罗的一半的正义行为 。
the high aperture ratio is achieved by overlapping ito pixel electrode and bus line using a photo_sensitive polymer .	利用光敏聚合物来实现高温比 , 通过超过它的pxel电极和总线使用光敏聚合物来实现高温比 。
and the financial situation for graduates was especially bad , with half saying they had so much student debt they could not save .	毕业生的金融状况尤其糟糕 , 半人说他们的债务不能拯救 。
among his hit series , charlie's angels , love boat , dynasty , beverly hills 90210 and melrose place .	其中 , 查里的天使 , 爱船 , 朝鲜 , 永远山上90210和梅罗斯地方 。
the joint un programme on hiv/aids has set up a commission to study the disease and its impacts on development in asia and the pacific .	hiv/aids的联合国联合国计划已经建立了一个委员会 , 研究了亚洲和太平洋发展的疾病和其对发展的影响 。
as rosenblatt notes , criticism of black writing has often served as a pretext for expounding on black history .	随着罗森布拉特的注意 , 黑写作的批评经常被当作黑史上暴露的一个前提 。
you should be reminded that you will be disqualified to attend any revelant events about this conference unless you give correct and complete information .	你应该提醒 , 除非你给予正确的和完整的信息 , 否则你将会参加任何相关的事件 。
its bold engineer , thomas senkel , took the machine on its first manned flight this week lasting 1 minute 30 seconds .	它的寒冷工程师托马斯·塞克尔 , 本周第一次飞行的机器在这个星期持续1分钟30秒 。
in view of my shallow knowledge , the lack of practical experience , the text of the error in the hope that readers criticized .	在我的影子知识中 , 缺乏实际经验 , 阅读者批评的错误文本 。
at this moment , for me , the heart of earth is this sleepless spring night , greeting this early morning in tranquil meditation .	在这个时刻 , 对于我来说 , 地球的心脏是这个无睡的春夜 , 今天早上 , 希望这个早晨在传统的冥想中 。
“migrants shouldn’t be treated so cruelly , ” says a despairing parent . “they are so prejudiced towards us . ”	" 移民不应该被那么残酷地处理 , " 一位绝望的父母说 , " 他们对我们来说是如此受欢迎的 。
the museum showcases animated characters from the studio's catalog of films and has a handson exhibit of an animation studio .	博物馆展示了来自研究室的动画特点 , 展示了一部手中动画研究室的手机展览 。
join the flames together about a third of the way or midway from the base of the fire and have the flames separated going up from that point .	加入火焰的三分之一 , 从火基地或中途加入火焰 , 将火焰分离出来 。
night , quietly into the west , overlooking the earth 's subtle or , how many shadow hovers in the imagination of the edge ?	晚上 , 安静地进入西部 , 忽视地球的细微或 , 边缘的影像中多少阴影的霍夫 ?
when she whipped her silver mare on her right flank the mare went left , for a horse's first instinct is to flee from danger .	当她把她的银牌放在她右边的右边 , 放在一匹马的第一条直是从危险中逃脱 。
the results show that transverse rolling sheet could create comparatively perfect structure due to the occurrence of secondary recrystallization .	结果表明 , 由于二次结晶的发生 , 转换轧板可以产生比较完美的结构 。
rfx and dfx move data between the current record of the data source and the field data members of a recordset object .	rfx和dfx之间的数据源记录和数据源的字段数据成员之间的数据 。
coordinating the balance of nitrogen supplicattion and nitrogen requirement by fertilizing made the rice yield stable and high .	通过肥化 , 将氮供应和氮需求协调 , 使水稻产量稳定、高 。
furthermore each post with a new queen bee who led the subbed , then , look at the number inside the nest almost no honey .	另外 , 每一张新女王都带领了这个子女 , 然后 , 看看那个网里的数字几乎没有蜂蜜 。
if johnson left camp with his crew to rebuild a road or a blownout bridge , gilbert waited for his return .	如果约翰逊离开营 , 和他的船员一起重建一条路 , 还是一条吹风桥 , 吉尔伯特等待回来 。
it has been proved that the adopted diversity heat treatment is a new method of realizing different property on relevant rotor forgings locations .	实验证明 , 采用多样性热处理方法是实现相关转子锻炼位置不同的不同性能的一种新方法 。
product description: 1 ) novel appearance , beautiful printing and attractive color can upgrade the package of the drug ;	产品描述:1 ) 小说出现 , 美丽的印刷 , 吸引色彩可以更新药品包装 ;
since then , fathers had been honored and recognized by their families throughout the country on the third sunday in june .	自从那以来 , 父亲在六月第三天被家庭认同 , 父亲被他们的家庭认出来 。
why do so many of us plonk ourselves down in front of the telly with a microwave meal after a tiring day ? because it's convenient ?	为什么很多人在轮胎日之前 , 为什么很多人把自己放在皮肤前面 , 用微波餐后 , 怎么样 ? 因为它很方便呢 ?
since json is just plain text with a simple bracketed structure , many channels can exchange a json message .	由于json只是用简单的包装结构来平原文本 , 许多通道可以交换一个json消息 。
drivers and attendants of emergency vehicles , unable to abandon their posts , died where they had stopped to give aid and assistance .	紧急汽车的司机和员工不能放弃他们的邮件 , 死于他们停止给援助和援助的地方 。
kevin rudd made a pact with the voters of australia last night to step forward with them and forge a new future for the nation .	卡文·鲁德昨晚与澳大利亚投票人投票人一起 , 向他们走向前进 , 忘了一个新的未来 。
this article studies the reactionmechanism of oligomerization of butadiene and the situation of reaction product utilization .	本文研究了黄油油油化反应机制及反应产品利用情况 。
once you start to look really closely , our wild flowers are as intimately beautiful as anything we cultivate in a garden .	一旦你开始看起来真密切 , 我们的野花就像我们在花园里培养的任何东西一样美丽 。
this wellpreserved painting is among thousands that were discovered on a 2008 expedition to document rock art in australia .	这幅著名的画作是在2008年在澳大利亚发现的千上万 , 是在澳大利亚找到的文献岩石艺术 。
life time is short...everyone has the right to enjoy life , to enjoy beatiful things , including this little gift .	生活时间很短 , 每个人都有权利享受生活 , 享受美好的东西 , 包括这个小礼物 。
the effective up papaya soup red wine , red wine , the official website of papaya soup , wine , papaya soup with effect ?	有效的提高薪水汤红葡萄酒、红葡萄酒、红葡萄酒的官方网站 , 酒 , 还有效果吗 ?
the results showed that the age of shaoxing ducks and dietary cp level significantly affected the cp retention ratio .	结果表明 , 绍兴鸭的年龄和饮食cp水平明显影响了cp保留比 。
the new collections of custom furs around town reveal plenty of folderol , but there are practical things too .	城市周围的新收集显示了许多文件夹具 , 但也有实际的事情 。
china international pro audio , light , music & technology exhibition undertaken by ceta is held each year from may to june .	中国国际音乐、轻、音乐、技术展览由ceta每年5月举行 , 每年5月至6月举行 。
therefore , it can be deduced that the doping level of the pani film increases with film thickness during film growing process .	因此 , 可以导致巴尼电影在电影的生长过程中增加膜厚度 。
the imt of carotid artery and the area of carotid atherosclerosis plaque significantly reduced compared with control group .	与对照组相比 , 动脉动脉的动脉和动脉动脉的区域显著降低 。
this paper summaries the structure of vsam file , and the data space , catalog , protection of data and functions of vsam .	总结了vsam文件的结构 , 以及数据空间、目录、数据保护数据和vsam的功能 。
methods 358 lesions of 79 stable vitiligo patients were treated 10 to 30 times with 308 nm excimer laser .	方法采用308例ncimer激光治疗79例稳定性粘膜病患者的358例病变 。
relevent suggestions for smooth progress of the 2nd generation peasant workers " citizenization are rasied in the last part . "	针对二代农民工的平滑进展 , 提出了相关建议 , " 农民化 " 公民化是最后一部分 。
those who preferred agency service enjoyed the agencies in shorter distance , lower cost and managed or supervised by the government .	那些更喜欢的机构服务 , 享受更短的距离、更低的成本和管理或监督的机构 。
the authors then assess their influence on physical and mechanical properties of rock in the three gorges reservoir area .	然后对三峡储层地区岩石的物理和力学性能进行了评价 。
if the machine where these servers are deployed is close to the minimum disk or ram requirements , then they should be reconfigured .	如果这些服务器部署在最小磁盘或ram需求的机器 , 那么它们应该重新配置 。
methods patients were divided into different groups , then all patients underwent renal color doppler energy imaging examinations .	方法将患者分为不同群体 , 然后所有患者都在肾色多普勒能量成像检查中 。
li glass in no mood to li junkai smile , always wipe out drunk that night with liu qian hui sex scenes .	李玻璃在没有情绪到林凯的笑容中 , 总是带着刘启慧的性情场景 , 喝酒 。
on the other hand , discontinuing effective antidepressant medication during pregnancy entails a 60% or more risk of relapse .	另一方面 , 在怀孕期间 , 除了有效的抗抑郁药物 , 孕期间有60%或更多的复发风险 。
results in animal study , lumbricus could inhibit the growth of staphylococci , bacillus coli and bacillus aeruginosus .	结果动物研究中 , 肺动物可以抑制稳定性葡萄糖的生长 , 巴克里斯胆汁和巴克里斯 。
when there are buildings , they're usually poor structures of mud or adobe that don't survive the rainy season .	当有建筑物时 , 它们通常是贫困的泥泞或阿多比 , 它们不幸存下雨季节 。
i think this could be a significant turning point . i think the economic crisis has shown up the weakness of uncontrolled immigration .	我认为这可能是一个重要的转折点 , 我认为经济危机已经显示了不控制移民的弱点 。
and a universal cpldbased controller for twoamplitude actively clamped resonant dclink inverter is proposed too .	同时提出了一种基于cpld控制器的两个amplitude的共振dclink逆变器 。
a criminal complaint charges mooresaia with stealing substantial funds from wells fargo during her time as a bank employee .	一个刑事诉讼 , 莫里亚在她的银行员工中 , 将大量资金从事福利福哥的基金转向莫里亚 。
other civil servants shall normally participate in the offthejob training for not less than 12 days accumulatively every year .	其他民事服务员通常会参与对职业培训 , 不要每年积累12天 。
the catalytic activated carbon deodorizing device was used for purifying odorous gases in sewage pumping station .	采用催化活性炭脱硫装置 , 用于净化污水泵站的臭气 。
the geonames geographical database is available for download free of charge under a creative commons attribution license .	geonams地理数据库在创造性共同共享许可下载自由的地理数据库中可用于下载自由 。
mistletoe also known throughout history as the golden bough has several different legends associated with its beginning and its meaning .	米斯勒托还知道 , 作为金购买的几个不同的传奇与其开始和其意义相关的传奇有关 。
a particle swarm optimization algorithm for low voltage apparatus blanking part layout optimization was presented .	提出了一种低电压装置布局优化的粒子扫描优化算法 。
that doesn't sound right . ' and finally the va told me that i was suffering from ptsd — posttraumatic stress disorder .	这并不对 。 " 最后 , 瓦斯告诉我我我我 , 我从ptsd中受到了压力障碍 。
in the temple courts he found men selling cattle , sheep and doves , and others sitting at tables exchanging money .	在寺庙里 , 他发现男子卖牛 , 羊和羊 , 还有其他人坐在桌子交换钱 。
the vbelt equivalent coefficient of friction indicates that the bearing capacity of vbelt is higher than that of flat belt .	摩擦的vbelt等效系数表明 , vbelt的承载能力比平带带的承载能力高 。
children usually have night terrors at the same time each night , generally sometime in the first few hours after falling asleep .	儿童通常在同一晚上都有夜恐怖 , 通常在睡眠的几个小时之后 , 一般有时候在睡眠的第一小时内 。
the incremental cost per lifeyear saved was calculated for all eligible individuals and for highrisk individuals .	计算了每年生命的增加成本 , 用于所有可靠的个体和高风险个体的增加成本 。
others may use the guibased administration tool provided by the container to modify the container based on a specific environment .	另外 , 还有人可以通过容器来修改包装箱的管理工具 , 以修改具体的环境 。
licorice is a nourishing herbal medicine . the indication of licorice is expelling phlegm and arresting coughing .	许可证是一种保护草药 , 证明许可证是推迟药物和逮捕咳嗽的指标 。
liren rpo consultant process outsourcing service provides part or overall specialized various services to customers during the recruitment .	lrenrpo咨询过程外包服务提供了部分或整体化的各种服务 , 为客户在招聘期间提供了各种服务 。
for the past fifty or a hundred years , transferred nationalism has been a common phenomenon among literary intellectuals .	过去五十年或一百年 , 民族主义已成为文学知识分子中常见的现象 。
butyraldehyde glycol acetal was synthesized from butyraldehyde and glycol by using iodine as catalyst .	用碘作为催化剂 , 合成了黄油脱水和甘油醇 。
this paper surveys interface automata , timed interface automata , resource interface and gamebased idea in them .	本文对接口自动化、时间接口自动化、资源界面、基于游戏的思想进行了研究 。
traumatic events , such as the 9/11 terrorist attacks , also tend to become seared in children's memories .	如9/11恐怖分子攻击等悲剧事件 , 同时也倾向于在儿童记忆中搜索 。
therefore , the initiation of semiotic study of the stars is of multidimensionally academic and practical significance .	因此 , 半球学研究的启动是多维学术和实践意义 。
students's good or bad will character plays a significant role in achieving teaching objects and teaching task .	学生的良好或坏人物会在实现教学对象和教学任务方面发挥重要作用 。
that would undo years of reforms introduced by the liberal democrats to resuscitate japan's longstagnant economy .	这种改革不会多年 , 由自由民主党引入的改革 , 重建日本长期经济 。
the advanced liquid nitrogen truck in the world has been applicated in oilgas production and has got good effect , which was imported in 1994 .	世界上先进液态氮卡车已应用于石油生产中 , 并在1994年进口了良好的效果 。
sure my strange addiction features people who dress like babies , collect dead things , and compulsively bathe in bleach .	确保我的奇怪的添加特点是 , 穿着像婴儿、收集死物的人们 , 还有在布莱克的洗澡 。
fdf president ross warburton said the ambition plan showed that members were taking a leading role in developing sustainable food production .	fdf总统罗斯·沃尔顿说 , 这种炸弹计划显示 , 成员们在开发可持续的食品生产方面采取了重要角色 。
rover had saved evazan again , by surrounding the doctor with his gelatinous form and dropping from the castle wall .	路透又一次救了埃瓦桑 , 通过围绕医生的边缘形式 , 然后从城堡墙上摔下来 。
now let us also retrieve whatever portions of our grid work is our own from others , taking energy only and reweaving the holes and gaps therein .	现在 , 我们还可以检索我们的网格工作的所有部分是我们自己的 , 只有能量 , 只能回收洞和空间 。
for someone who once subsisted on cookies and soda , the road to a wholegrain , occasionally vegetarian life began with this staple .	对于那些曾经坚持烹饪和苏达的人来说 , 路到整个谷物 , 偶尔是植物主义生活开始了这个阶段 。
finally , the " interface effect " and the occurrence of polycrystalline during the vgfgaas crystal growth were discussed .	最后 , 讨论了vgfga晶体生长过程中多晶体的 " 接口效应 " 和多晶体的发生情况 。
they often retain their telephone numbers , including the area code , when they move from state to state , so it is hard to know where they are .	他们经常保留他们的电话号码 , 包括区域代码 , 当他们从州搬到州时 , 所以很难知道他们在哪里 。
methods 11 cases in exacerbation stage were chosen to study . swan ganz catheterization were taken for hemodynamic monitoring .	方法选取11例加工阶段的患者 , 对血动力学监测进行扫描试验 。
the aim of this thesis was to make some helpful research in this region though the research mode which was built in the thesis was still insufficient .	本论文的目的是 , 尽管本论文建立的研究模式仍然不足 。
business first , pleasure afterward , as king richard said when he stabbed the other king in the tower , before he smothered the babies .	第一次 , 高兴后 , 王理查德说 , 当他站在塔子里的另一个王时候 , 他吸烟了婴儿 。
porous silicon and its preparation technology have been used broadly in the fields of microsensors because of its special p...	多孔硅和其制备工艺已广泛应用于微传感器领域 , 由于其特殊的p-技术 。
it looks as if that safety device is gone in this campaign and nothing will protect them from the hurt of failure at liverpool this evening .	看起来如果安全设备在这场活动中 , 没有什么事情可以保护他们从利物浦的失败中保护他们 。
these images are from messenger , a nasa discovery mission to conduct the first orbital study of the innermost planet , mercury .	这些图像来自mesenger , 一个nasa发现任务 , 导致最内部行星的第一个轨道研究 。
my former teacher told me that as an english major i should read major barbara , one of the major plays by g . b . shaw .	我前老师告诉我 , 作为一个英语主要的英语 , 我应该读大巴巴拉 , 一个主要的球员之一 。
jerome sans , curator of the exhibit , says liu's work shows one reality of a modernizing china the people who are left behind .	刘的作品展览员jeromesamns说 , 刘的作品显示了一个现代化中国人在后面留下的现代化 。
with the three treasures he winged his way back to heaven . when he got outside the pearly gates , he decided to examine his mementos .	随着三棵宝石 , 他将他的路回到天堂 , 当他走出了珍珠门外 , 他决定检查他的元素 。
they may touch cheeks , lips , chests , legs , and feel their partner’s hand along their back , thighs , or stomach .	他们可能触摸脸颊、唇部、胸部、腿部、腿部 , 感觉他们的伴侣沿着他们的手 , 大腿或胃部 。
the regional climate response to land use and land cover changes of arid region in china is studied by a regional climate model .	利用区域气候模型 , 研究了我国的地区气候变化和地区气候变化的区域气候反应 。
se plays its biofunction through selenoprotein , of which selenoprotein p is a special isoform with 10 se cysteines .	硒蛋白的生物功能通过选择蛋白质 , 其中选择蛋白p是一种具有10个cysteine的特殊异性异体 。
it showed that the concentration of chci_3 and ccl_4 were higher in waterworks than in source water , especially for ccl_4 .	研究结果表明 , chci3和ccl4浓度比来源水更高 , 尤其是为ccl4 。
also , it should have a few big bombing scenes that could provide moments of action and destruction , so it is likely to be both fun and titillating .	另外 , 应该有几个巨大的轰炸场景 , 可以提供动作和破坏时刻的时刻 , 所以这可能是有趣的 , 直到实践中 。
the bus was reaching the hill top and will go downhill after a turn . the right side of the bus was facing an unfathomable cliff .	公共汽车正在达到山顶 , 将在一次转向后倒下 , 公共汽车的右侧面正面临着一个无法接受的障碍 。
“i want to be fair to my employees , ” explains mary ellen elia , hillsborough’s superintendent .	" 我想成为我的员工 , " 玛丽·埃伦·埃利亚解释说 , 希拉斯波罗的超级代表 。
bookable associated or nonassociated facility such as a commentary position , observer seat , camera position , etc .	书籍相关或非相关设施如评论位置、观察座位、摄像机位置等 。
it has been used by science communicators worldwide to develop strategies for involving the public in decisions relating to science progress .	科学通信者已被全球科学通信者开发战略 , 涉及科学进展的决策 。
denmark led the pack with 72% of people reporting that they were thriving , while the united states came in at no . 12 , with 59% .	丹麦克带领了72%的人们报道说 , 他们正在冲动 , 而美国在12月12日出现 , 占59% 。
this article explores these considerations and discusses how an air or watercooled system can help you optimize your mig or tig welding performance .	本文探讨了这些考虑 , 并讨论了空气或冷却系统如何能够帮助您优化您的mig或tg焊接性能 。
there are some differences among them , the temporization is as much as the transcendent , but they enrich and develop the text theory together .	其中有一些差异 , 温度化比传统更多 , 但它们丰富 , 共同发展文本理论 。
the academy awards started the visualeffectscategory in 1963 , though it was called “special effects” at the time .	学术奖于1963年开始了视觉效应分类 , 虽然它被称为 " 特殊效应 " 。
join exnavy seal richard " mack " machowicz on a wild ride around the globe in search of the ultimate weapon .	加入海豹理查德在全球搜索最终武器时 , 加入海豹理查德 。
i called my dad and it seemed that he had been waiting for the call and picked up and gave me the address incredibly efficiently .	我叫我的爸爸 , 看起来似乎他等着电话 , 把我拿起来 , 把地址很有效地给我 。
deals heavy damage to your target over 9 seconds , and greatly reduces their armor . only usable from the sides or rear .	把重损伤交给你的目标超过9秒 , 大大降低了他们的arm , 只能从侧或后面的使用 。
the division of malaria control of kenya , working with an international research team , has been monitoring the coverage and impact of this intervention .	肯尼亚的马拉里亚控制部门 , 与国际研究团队一起工作 , 已经监测了该干预的覆盖和影响 。
it can be deployed within 30 minutes , and its selfmanaging , selfhealing capabilities minimize the need for human intervention .	它可以在30分钟内部部署 , 自我管理 , 自我健康能力减少人类干预需要 。
pd ports has submitted plans to develop a us$102 million import centre at teesport for the use of a major uk retailer .	pd端口已经提交了计划在tesport使用主要英国零售商开发一个102亿美元进口中心的计划 。
sentimental , timid and small nonpoint , prince of frozen cold , blunt nerve cavalier , dance big triangle !	情绪 , imid和小非点 , 冻结的寒冷王子 , 蓝神经节 , 舞蹈大三角 !
land disposal laws made it progressively easier for farmers to purchase undeveloped land from the huge public domain .	土地分散法使农民更容易购买不开发的土地 , 从大型公共领域出发 。
in answer one mode you can set a predefined number and select the number of rings after which the phone should autoanswer .	在回答中 , 您可以设置一个预定义的数字 , 并在这个手机应该自动解码器之后选择数字环 。
approximately 20 , 000 employees at over 800 locations worldwide provide technology , system and knowhow optimization .	大约有2000名员工在全球800多个地方提供科技、系统和知识优化 。
the next time you experience one of these emotions and you cannot figure out where it came from perhaps it came before your physical birth .	下次你经历了这些情感之一 , 你不能从物理出生之前从哪里来 。
china , in short , would like to consolidate its industry into companies resembling bloomberg , time warner and viacom , analysts say .	分析师表示 , 中国 , 总之 , 中国将想把它的行业融合到公司里 , 与时候战争者、时候战争者和签证公司相似 。
if a rac node stops working , oracle will not failover the dtp service until the oracle rac cleanup and recovery is complete .	如果一个rac节点停止工作 , oracle将不会失败dtp服务 , 直到oracle级的清理和恢复完成 。
in the nottoodistant past , a developing nation tended to be seen as a country that lacked access to modern technology .	在通知主义过去 , 一个发展中国家倾向于被视为一个缺乏现代技术的国家 。
objective to investigate the evaluation of fdgpet delayed image in diagnosis of malignant neoplasm in abdomen .	目的探讨fdgpet延迟图像在腹部恶性肾肿瘤诊断中的应用价值 。
this paper analysed the traits of emergence of malodor contamination in summer and put forward corresponding manipulative measures .	分析了夏季马洛德污染的出现特点 , 提出了相应的操作措施 。
methods: by means of colorimetry the complex was determined by combining picric acid and berberine hydrochloride .	方法:采用色谱法测定复杂的方法 , 结合磷酸和伯丁水氯化物 , 测定复合物 。
li yiliang was relieved of duties as delegate of the sichuan people's congress due to suspect of taking bribes .	四川人民国会因为怀疑英国的嫌疑而受到了责任 。
word of this follows earlier proposals from political advisors , calling on the government to relax the policy .	这句话的话 , 早些时候 , 来自政治顾问的建议 , 呼吁政府放松政策 。
the reason why the whitecollars suffer increasing workrelated stress is that they pursue work achievement in career .	白领的原因是 , 增加工作压力的原因是他们在职业生涯中追求工作成就 。
and then all this earthquake happened , i thought , is that karma ? when you are not nice that bad things happen to you .	然后 , 所有这个地震都发生了 , 我认为 , 是那个卡马 ? 当你不太好的事情发生在你身上 。
when codified , this collective knowledge makes a valuable extension to software patterns and classified as antipatterns .	当复制的时候 , 这个集体知识使软件模式有价值扩展 , 作为反模式分类 。
in this article , the recent achievement and application of magnetic polymer microspheres for immobilized enzyme are summarized .	总结了近年来 , 总结了磁性聚合物微球的成就和应用情况 。
elephant trunklike dust pillars point towards the hot blue stars and are telltale signs of their eroding effect .	大象一样的黄尘钻石点向热蓝色恒星 , 是他们的愤怒效果的标志 。
but very old unix and linux systems didn't implement the protective mechanism snprintf is supposed to implement .	但是很旧的unix和linux系统并没有实现保护机制nntf , 可以实现 。
if a shipper should use a p . o . box address , the recipients telephone number must be included on the label .	如果船员应该使用p.ox地址 , 接收者数必须包含在标签上 。
that is the kind of study that we need to have in order to make a final decision about how long we really need to continue dual antiplatelet therapy .	这就是我们所需要的研究 , 为了使我们最终决定的决定 , 我们需要多长时间持续双重复制治疗 。
for whatever reason , i tend to think of him as a lowprofile “insider , ” but his publication history belies this image .	无论什么原因 , 我倾向于认为他作为一个低文件 " 内部人 " , 但他的出版历史相信这张图片 。
vila formerlyequaly sneaked in the goal for the national sports team , this time he scored against england .	维拉前等于全国运动队的目标 , 这次他攻击英格兰的时候 , 维拉 。
the parents of old is old son return very jubilate , let an eldest son help its arrange the job immediately .	老儿子的父母是很高兴的 , 让一个最老的儿子立即把工作安排起来 。
the energy centres are located at major branchings of the human nerve system from the base of the spine to the top of the head .	能量中心位于人神经系统的主要分支中心 , 位于西班牙的基础上 。
you must trust your instinct when deciding on one specific business motivational speaker to rule and guide your team .	在决定一个特定的业务动机发言人中 , 你必须相信你的本能 , 以规则和指导你的团队 。
an initial version of a new connection web site , the clinical and translational science network , will be launched soon .	一个新的连接网站的初始版本 , 临床和翻译科学网络将很快发布 。
breakage is an important factor to influence wetting deformation of coarsegrained materials ; and farther study is necessary .	破裂是影响粗粒材料湿化变形的重要因素 , 具有较好的研究必要性 。
the working principle of 3d scanning with structured light and the system calibration of atos optical scanner are introduced .	介绍了3d扫描器的工作原理和结构光学光学扫描仪的系统校准 。
the world health organization has sent inspectors to the granjas carroll farm . the results of the investigation have not been announced .	世界卫生组织已发送检测员送到格兰jas卡罗尔农场 , 调查结果没有公布 。
signing signature right have the attribute of personal right , involving status right and personality right , and property right and absolute right .	签名权利有个人权利的属性 , 涉及地位权利和个性权利 , 财产权利和绝对权利 。
this article is a perspective study on its physical , chemical , biological properties and the immunochemical detecting methods .	本文对其物理、化学、生物学性能及免疫化学检测方法进行了研究 。
general macarthur described the weapon as " one of the strongest contributing factors to our victory in the pacific " .	总体来说 , 武器作为 " 太平洋 " 中最强的因素之一 。
but the team concluded that those anomalies were created by jumbling of strata when debris flowed back into the crater after the impact .	但是这支球队结论 , 这些异常是由于破产后的冲击而造成的 , 当碎片流入裂缝之后 , 这些异常是由岩浆的 。
likewise must the deacons be grave , not doubletongued , not given to much wine , not greedy of filthy lucre ;	与此同样 , 死亡必须是严格的 , 不要双重的 , 不给予太多的葡萄酒 , 不要贪婪过滤的葡萄酒 ;
the two size mixtures of grafting starch and pva1799 were blending , and the stability of solution system was analyzed .	分析了移植淀粉和pva179的两种尺寸混合物 , 并对溶液系统的稳定性进行了分析 。
the preconcentrated juice is provided to a multieffect evaporator , which removes a second portion of water to form a concentrate .	预浓缩汁为多效蒸发剂提供了一种多效果 , 除了第二部分水以形成浓缩剂 。
in the summer of 1974 , an ancient junk of sung dynasty was excavated in quanzhou bay , fujian province .	1974年夏天 , 福建省古代孙朝的古代垃圾被挖掘在泉州湾 。
to say that travel is the luxury – and not necessity – of the fossil fuel generation is an oversimplification .	为了说 , 旅行是奢侈的 , 而非必要的 , 石油燃料产生是一个过度简化的 。
this is in vertical position . 149 . 9 but i would think that the uncertainty of my measurement is probably 1 millimeter .	这是在垂直位置.149.9 , 但我认为我测量的不确定性可能是100米 。
this paper is an analysis on the current situation of internal accounting control within the agricultural research institutions .	本文对农业研究机构内部会计控制现状进行了分析 。
glass shows chemical inertness in the daily environment and does not react with living things , so it has extensive applications .	玻璃显示在日常环境中的化学插入 , 不会反应生物 , 所以它具有广泛的应用 。
the first total synthesis of squamosamide was achieved in seven steps by us , with an over all yield of 14% .	第一步通过对方胺的总合成进行了七步实现 , 得出了超过14%的产量 。
for example , if the registrar at a university is also taking courses , he or she may play the role of both student and registrar .	例如 , 如果在一所大学的注册人也在采取课程 , 他或她可能会扮演学生和注册的角色 。
migration results of the seg foothills overthrust model synthetic data shows that this approach is in high imaging accuracy .	迁移结果表明 , 这种方法在成像精度高、成像精度高等方面具有较好的应用价值 。
we will ensure an adequate supply of agricultural products and increase farmers’ incomes through multiple channels .	我们将确保一个充足的农产品供应 , 并通过多种渠道来增加农民收入 。
objective to know mycobacterium culture , bacterial type and medicine sensitiveness of outerpulmonary tuberculosis .	目的了解细菌培养、细菌类型和外肺结核敏感性 。
analysis has been carried out on the main factors which make the whole structure to be simplified , dutylightened and visualized .	分析了整体结构的主要因素 , 使整体结构简化 , 可视化 , 视觉化 。
synergism of certain essential oils when mixed with other essential oils or synthetic insecticides .	当混合其他必要的油或合物的合成剂时 , 某些必要的油气的协同主义 。
this means , there are no hidden elements that could improve the renderings later , making it easier for you to follow along .	这意味着 , 没有隐藏的元素 , 可以稍后提高渲染的元素 , 使你更容易遵循你 。
this example presents graphically , . the confidence level and uncertainty limit of gaussian of uniform r . v . .	这个例子在图形上呈现出来 , 信心水平和不确定的高斯人统一的r.v的限制 。
the tube deformation characteristics on assel mill are deformation concentrating at shoulder and wall thickness in rolling zone increasing .	沥青矿的管形变形特征是在滚动区内的肩部和墙厚度的变形特征 。
generally that , do not the history of the private sector is not yet included in the official history of the history books .	通常来说 , 私营部门的历史并不包含在历史书官方历史上 。
the 21st century is info society , and info security is one of the part of our national security stratagems .	21世纪是印度社会 , 印度福安全是我国安全战略的一部分之一 。
the effects of particle size of tungsten powders and tac quantity on densification and grain size were investigated .	研究了钨粉粒径和陶瓷质量对密度和粒径的影响 。
the drug resistant rates of two kinds of staphylococcus were similar , drug resistance to vancomycin was both 0 .	两种稳定葡萄糖的耐药率相似 , 耐药率为0 。
stealth technologies , target characteristics and detection technologies for the stealth cruise missile are discussed .	探讨了稳定粗糙导弹的稳定技术、目标特点和检测技术 。
objective to study high frequency color doppler ultrasound in pulmonary artery place affection imaging on children .	目的探讨高频色多普勒超声对儿童肺动脉造影的影响 。
the third rules are has carried on the numerical control complex components the processing programming as well as the simulation process .	第三种规则对数值控制复杂的组成部分进行了处理程序和仿真过程进行了数值控制 。
objective: to discuss the feasibility of twodimensional ion chamber array in daily quality assurance of accelerator .	目的:探讨两维离子室阵列在加速器日常质量保证中的可行性 。
educational ethnography is a research model or method that is applied the paradigm of ethnography in educational environment .	教育形态是教育环境中的一个研究模式或方法 , 适用于教育环境的范式 。
with the rapid development of industrialization today , industrial accident have become a common personal injury accident .	随着工业化的迅速发展 , 工业事故已成为一个常见的个人损伤事故 。
however , the poll showed people were less willing to date someone with a lifelong sexually transmitted disease or someone with poor hygiene .	然而 , 调查显示 , 人们愿意与一个生命长的性感传播疾病或贫困的卫生人结婚 。
using coordinate rotation based on pwave particle vibration , aligning the source components at different depths have been achieved .	利用基于p波粒子振动的坐标旋转 , 实现了不同深度的源组成部分 。
electric heating pads are cumbersome , generally inflexible , and don't work away from a source of electricity .	电热垫是数量的 , 通常是灵活的 , 而且不能从电力源出发工作 。
" zhuangzi " is the the warring states period zhuangzhou's works , which is one of the important classics of taoism .	" 庄子 " 是张州的战争时期 , 是道教的重要经典之一 。
the other compounds or treatment concentrations had no clear attractive or repellent action against the female adults .	其他化合物或治疗浓度没有明确的吸引力或反复对女性成年的行为 。
oblivious to its cause , this scientist called the photography company and ordered a replacement for the " defective " film .	显然 , 这个科学家称之为照片公司 , 订购了一个替代 " 缺陷 " 电影 。
today and the coming next 10 days , i will be doing overtime at chq due to the huge amount of customer orders .	今天和未来10天 , 我将在chchch上做过时间 , 因为大量的客户订单来做 。
he said he would ask congress to increase aid to pakistan but in return he expected pakistan to tackle the safe havens .	他说 , 他将要求国会增加援助巴基斯坦 , 但他希望巴基斯坦能够采取安全的任务 。
if i use mms early and wisely , i may never have another cold , bronchitis , flu , or pneumonia in the future .	如果我早期和智慧地使用mmms , 我可能永远不会有另一个冷酷的、支气管炎、流感或肺炎 。
maybe there will be some kind of backlash when they hit adolescence , but at least they will have had most of their lives to assimilate the information .	可能有些类型的背景 , 当他们碰到青年的时候 , 但至少他们将有大多数生活 , 以同样的信息 。
eclipse lets you automatically generate the hashcode and equals methods for your classes so you don't have to do it yourself .	eclipse允许您自动生成hh代码和等于您班级的方法 , 这样你就不必做 。
the architect determines which use cases can be implemented by preexisting applications or services and which use cases need to be constructed or extended .	建筑师可以通过预先的应用程序或服务实现的例子来确定哪些用例 , 并且需要建立或扩展 。
we should rather recognize in it the speculative spirit of our language rising above the me 'eitheror' of understanding .	我们不应该认识到我们的语言精神在我面前的 " 理解者 " 上面的语言精神 。
because microflows perform better than longrunning processes , use a microflow for your proxy process implementation if possible .	因为微流量比长期运行过程更好 , 使用一个微流量来实现代理流程 。
but the stapes would not take on its familiar role as a component of the terrestrially adapted tympanic ear for millions of years .	然而 , 这种状态并不会被其熟悉的角色作为一个特殊适应的典型耳朵的组成部分 。
kim jongil inspects the newlybuilt kanggye farm at chagang province . photo released on december 11 , 2009 .	2009年12月11日电----------------------------2009年12月111日电------------------------------
red colobus monkeys would be among the primates most threatened by warminginduced leaf changes , a new study says .	新研究显示 , 红色猴子将是由温暖的叶变化所威胁的主要原因之一 。
inspired participation in your game is choosing to engage in something that matters to you , playing it fully and enjoying it .	在你的游戏中 , 启发的参与是选择在某些事情中进行的 , 让你完全玩 , 享受它 。
you shouldn't ask your date if they're having a good time , and you shouldn't ask the interviewer how you did at the end of the interview .	你不应该问你的日期 , 如果他们有很好的时间 , 那么你不应该问问你在采访结束的时候怎么做 。
and us retail major walmart has ruled that from 2008 , all its deep freezers in the us and worldwide will be lit up with leds .	美国零售主要的沃尔玛已经从2008年开始规定 , 全球各地的深层冻结者 , 全球范围内都不会与led联系起来 。
the authors noted that prospective , randomized , placebocontrolled trials are needed to confirm the findings of this observational study .	作者指出 , 前瞻性、随机化、安慰剂控制试验必须确认这种观察研究的发现 。
you know no more about unicorns than i do , for i've read the same books and heard the same stories , and i've never seen one either .	你知道 , 比我所做的更多 , 因为我读了同一本书 , 听到同样的故事 , 我从来没有看到过一个 。
he says p2p players do almost everything that banks do—market products , evaluate borrowers , underwrite and service loans .	他说 , p2p播放者几乎所有这些银行做的事情都做出了 , 评估浏览器 , 编写和服务贷款 。
in the case of the sales house the program required linear movement from one end of the building to the other as a device to move people through .	在销售房屋的情况下 , 需要从建筑的一端到另一个端的线性运动到另一个设备以移动人民 。
tea attained the prime in tang dynasty , which spread from southwest china through yangtze river over thousands of years .	茶在唐代 , 茶从中国西南部传播出来 , 数千年以上 。
after a long day at the office , you might be inclined to stagger home and collapse in front of your new flatscreen television .	经过长一天的办公室 , 你可能会在你新的平台屏幕电视前倒塌 。
in india , 8 . 6% of girls aged between 15 and 19 are having babies ; in nepal , that figure tops 10% .	在印度 , 8.6%的女孩年龄在15岁至19岁之间有婴儿 ; 在尼泊尔 , 这个数字高达10% 。
kate's story examines kate's life as a photographer and accessories buyer , as well as being a party girl .	凯特的故事检查了凯特的生命 , 作为摄影师和访问购买者 , 以及成为一个党女孩 。
everyone can make you smile . many people can make you cry . but it takes someone really special to make you smile with tears in your eyes .	每个人都可以让你微笑 , 很多人都可以哭泣 , 但是 , 很多人可以让你微笑的眼睛里有泪水 。
as former marine and dog handler mike dowling put it in an interview , " as long as the dog is with the handler , he's loving life . "	正如前海军和狗手工迈克·迈克在采访中把它放在面试中 , " 只要狗与手柄一起 , 他爱着生活 。 "
also while he was at disney , burton developed his blackandwhite short frankenweenie , about a boy who revives his dead dog .	他还在迪斯尼的时候 , 布尔顿开发了他的黑白色的短白色的法兰克韦尼 , 约有一个男孩 , 他的死狗 。
one expert argued that , for years , the united states has underinvested in technologies to make automobiles more fuelefficient .	一个专家认为 , 几年来 , 美国已经在技术上投资 , 使汽车更加灵活 。
people who are worried about losing their jobs do things that keep them from getting laid off they drink less and take fewer risks .	那些担心失去工作人员的担心 , 因此 , 那些担心失去工作的事情 , 使得他们从饮料中减少 , 减少了风险 。
pointing at a large concrete building in central zlitan , the man added: " they have a close watch on all our movements .	男人补充说: " 在中央zlitan中心的一个大型混凝土建筑中心 , 男人在我们的运动上有一个密切的看法 。 "
hi frank if u had to release a single wot type of stuff would using about and would u like to do a duet wiv anyone ?	法兰克如果我们必须发布一个单独的物品 , 就会使用 , u会想做一份杜兰电视吗 ?
but when it comes to studenttofaculty ratio , their rankings drop , with tsinghua at 22th and peking at 23rd .	但是当它来到学生的困难比例时 , 他们的排名下降了 , 新华在22分钟和23分 。
the paper has put forward a new method for quickly and accurately predicting the shelf life of silastic with the least experiments and cost .	本文提出了一种快速预测弹性生命的新方法 , 准确地预测了弹性生命的最小实验和成本 。
also check out your cellphone or pda—you'll never miss a deadline when your schedule is in your pocket or purse .	另外 , 检查你的手机或pda-你永远不会错过你计划在你的口袋里或购买的时候 。
in fact , susquehanna says , in january “kayak was priceline’s fifth largest source of traffic worldwide . ”	事实上 , 苏珊纳说 , 今年1月 , " 基雅克是世界范围内最大的交通源 。
we want 4 . 000 friends to our account only from greece and who will be mainly be advertising companies or type centers !	我们希望4000个朋友只能从希腊到希腊 , 谁主要是广告公司或类型中心 !
those who believe that transparency has inherent value , or that it should be the norm , may initially have difficulties with this approach .	那些相信透明度有内在价值 , 或者它应该是正常的 , 可能是最初有困难的方法 。
you can use this technique when you need to separate an input array into two or more smaller arrays based on criteria in the input data .	在输入数据中 , 您可以使用这个技术 , 将输入阵列分离成两个或更小的基于输入数据的标准 。
the dow jones industrial average rose 178 . 08 points , or 1 . 53 percent , at 11 , 836 . 04 .	道琼斯工业平均上升178.08点 , 或1.53% , 11 , 836.04点 。
it's a step up , procedurally , from the bigbang model , in that it at least requires some idea of what the product requirements are .	这是一个步骤 , 程序上来自大型模型 , 至少需要一些产品要求的概念 。
high quality steamed bread was made with adding a proper quantity of baking soybean flour or dietary fiber made from soybean hulls .	采用高质量的蒸煮面包加入大豆粉或饮食纤维 , 加入大豆粉末的正确数量 。
the chemist jeanbaptiste dumas , french minister of agriculture , was charged with stopping the epidemic .	化学家jeanbaptiste杜马斯 , 法国农业部长 , 被指控停止流行病 。
lee scott , the boss of walmart , the world's biggest retailer , is said to see great scope for improving his supply chain .	李斯科特 , 沃尔玛的老板 , 世界上最大的零售商 , 是说 , 看到了改善他的供应链的伟大范围 。
and , israel continues to amass ground troops around gaza in preparation for a possible ground offensive .	因此 , 以色列仍然继续在加沙周围的军队准备 , 以色列为可能的地面防御 。
tourists go to the beach , they go to lamu island , they go to malindi , they go to mombasa , they sit and drink beer .	游客走到海滩 , 他们去拉密岛 , 他们去马林迪 , 他们去莫巴萨 , 他们坐着喝啤酒 。
sife is an incubator , breeding a lovingheart , nourishing selfconfidence and producing many a young group which can do well .	sssife是一个急救者 , 养育一个爱心 , 营养自信 , 制造许多年轻的小组可以做得很好 。
it is the cunning of reason , no doubt , but one has to recognize the cunning of the reasoner , and take one's hat off to him .	这是原因 , 没有疑问 , 但一个人必须认识到原因的惩罚 , 然后把一只帽子拿到他身上 。
more gratifying is the fabric after cold rolling feel softer , quality improves , as benign and usher in a new customer .	更加严格的是在冷轧感觉舒适之后 , 质量改善 , 如新客户和用户所带来的 。
using pictures taken with the spitzer space telescope , scientists first removed light from closer stars and galaxies .	用图片拍摄 , 科学家首先从明星和星系中删除了光 。
help your child set her own achievable goals she'll learn to take pride in herself and rely less on approval or reward from others .	帮助你的孩子设置自己的可实现的目标 , 她会学会在自己中获得骄傲 , 依靠其他人来批准或奖励 。
second , libya's cities and oases are islands in a sea of sand and of pivotal importance as supply depots .	第二 , 利比亚的城市和奥斯匹斯岛在沙滩和海上 , 作为供应堆的重要性 。
other names for this bird are celebes imperial pigeon , celebes green imperial pigeon and green imperial pigeon .	这只鸟的其他名字是埃尔贝斯帝国鸽子 , 庆祝绿色帝国鸽子和绿色帝国鸽子 。
keep it clean , clear , pseudo impartial , but definitely focused on benefits for specific customers .	保持清洁 , 清洁 , 伪装 , 但对特定客户来说 , 确实是关注的 。
a major part of economic theory deals with largescale phenomena such as stock market fluctuations or gross national products .	经济理论的主要组成部分 , 包括大规模现象 , 如股市流动或国家产品 。
step 7: social life giving yourself a break from the activity which is stressing you is as good a relaxation tool as any .	步骤7步:社会生活给自己带来了一个突破 , 压力你是一个很好的放松工具 。
and in the case of the completely inelastic collisions that we have seen last time , we lost kinetic energy , which was converted to heat .	在最后一次我们看到过的时候 , 我们丢失了动力能量 , 将它转换为热量 。
also , gypsies may be buying pieces of land on green belts and have little or no knowledge of the administration system .	同时 , 体育可能在绿带购买一块土地 , 还有很少或没有知识管理系统的知识 。
spanish is what we call a " romance " language , meaning that it is based on latin , the language of the ancient roman empire .	西班牙语是我们所谓的 " 浪漫 " 语言 , 意味着它是基于拉丁 , 古罗马帝国的语言 。
apple is allowing publishers to set their own prices , and the titles shown at the demo retailed for $12 . 99 and under .	苹果正允许出版商设置自己的价格 , 而且在民主零售额为12.9美元和下面 。
he says celebrities who act like they do not want to be photographed are hypocrites who secretly adore the attention .	他说 , 像他们一样行动的庆祝者 , 不想被摄影的是伪造者 , 是否严格的关注 。
a hardness separation system for steel ball based on preventive multifrequency testing eddy current technology was presented .	提出了一种基于预防多频测试技术的硬度分离系统 。
this creates a field with a matching label on the design canvas and automatically binds the field to the node in the instance .	这个字段在设计蜡烛上创建一个匹配标签 , 自动绑定字段 , 到实例中 , 将字段绑定到节点 。
the activities of pod in the serum , muscle and hepatopancreas of the injected shrimp remained stable .	在血清、肌肉、肌肉和肝胰腺的活动仍然保持稳定 。
but he was a gallant warrior , and when he rose to make his final adieu his mouth was grimly set and his shoulders were squared .	但是他是一名勇敢的战士 , 当他上升的时候 , 最后一次他嘴里的时候 , 他的肩膀被挤满了 。
for example , belgium sent four f16 jets and 150 military personnel to help with the libyan nofly zone .	例如 , 贝尔吉um发出了四架f16jets和150名军人员帮助利比亚没有飞行区的帮助 。
redwinged blackbirds were perched on fence posts . farmers were out in their fields , preparing for another season .	红色的黑鸟被视为青蛙邮件 , 农民在他们的领域 , 准备另一个季节的准备 。
the state could not curtail such activities without inflaming the entire populace , although it periodically tried .	虽然它周期试图 , 国家不能将这种活动变成无损整个流行的活动 , 但是它并不会有这样的活动 。
one brand that's hot in the fashion world is miro , and its trendy designs of clothing and shoes originate in barcelona .	一个在时尚世界的一个品牌是微妙的 , 而它的服装和鞋子的设计是巴塞罗那的 。
but days later , experiencing something similar while i was alone triggered a memory that made me miss andy acutely .	但是一天后来 , 经历一些相似的事情 , 当我独自尝试了一个记忆 , 使我失去安静的记忆 。
at the same time , close study of the text has been an ample reward to use for the effort expended , as we hope it will be to others .	与此同时 , 近年来 , 文本的研究已经成为了一个广泛的奖励 , 因为我们希望它将成为其他人 。
the paper is concerned with two aspects:a necessary and sufficient condition for convex hull of a set in e2 being closed ;	本论文主要涉及两个方面:关闭e2集的必要条件和充分条件 ;
in the movies he always wore a fake mustache , had poor man's clothes and often walked funny with a cane .	在这部电影中 , 他总是穿着一件破碎的穆斯塔奇 , 男人穿着衣服 , 经常穿着一条罐子 。
france mercilessly crushed rebellions in tonkin , and sat back while over one million vietnamese starved after world war ii .	法国在坦克林的反叛 , 坐在一百万名越南人在世界大战之后 , 法国毫无疑问 。
as a result , you get two parallel connectors , one for each navigation direction , from screen 1 to screen 3 , and one back .	结果 , 您获得了两个并行连接器 , 其中一个为每个导航方向 , 从屏幕1到屏幕3 , 然后一个返回 。
yet when standardsize clothes are altered for a man like mr . lefkowitz , the final proportions can come out all wrong .	然而 , 当标准尺寸的衣服变成像莱弗科维茨先生这样的男人 , 最后的比例可以出现错误 。
the route varies every year , taking riders and fans through mountains , tiny towns , and the streets of paris .	每年各样的路径 , 通过山、小城和巴黎街道 , 每年都不同 , 采取骑士和扇子 。
qg: you have been practicing in landscape design and urban design for 15 years . did you ever have any frustration in your career ?	问:你曾经在景观设计和城市设计中实践过 , 15年 , 你曾经在你的职业生涯中有任何破坏 ?
an elegant chardonnay from yarra valley with delicious citrus , nectarine and fresh apricot flavors .	来自雅拉山谷的一个优雅的chardonnay , 具有美丽的柑橘、尼卡琳和新鲜的杏仁香味 。
" the child stared at him open mouthed and horrified for a minute , then gasped: " didn't you get my email ?	" 孩子在他打开口袋 , 然后盖斯: " 你没收到电子邮件吗 ? "
southwest said three planes had cracks similar to those in the phoenix jet and would be repaired before they fly again .	西南表示 , 三架飞机在凤凰喷射中裂缝相似 , 并且在飞行之前再次修复 。
direct mail and telephone solicitation are such effective fundraising tools that most large social movement organizations use one or both .	直接邮件和电话宣传是这样有效的基金会 , 大多数大部分社会运动组织都使用一个或两个方面 。
engineers have long known that designing smaller , lighter vehicles is an ideal way to meet tighter fueleconomy standards .	工程师长期知道 , 设计更小 , 轻型车辆是满足较强的燃料经济标准的理想途径 。
listen people the senator is 25 points ahead in the polls but he wants us to keep running scared like we're way behind .	听着人们的参议员是25分之前的 , 但他希望我们保持这样的伤口 , 就像我们背后的一样 。
safrian added , “they knew his face , and . . . even after ten days , staying in the sun , his face had not changed ! ”	萨弗里安还补充道: " 他们知道他的脸 , 甚至十天之后 , 即使在阳光里呆在太阳里 , 他的脸没有改变 ! "
this article clears the measuring coupling relationship between horizontal azimuth and pitch angles by detailed mathematical deduction .	本文通过详细的数学推导 , 阐述了水平轴与针角之间的耦合关系 。
first , it proved indubitably that she and her husband occupied separate rooms , in itself a shocking enough state of affairs .	首先 , 证明她和她的丈夫在自身上占有足够的冲击状态下占据了独立的房间 。
it's highly prohibited that nonoperator or nonrepairman should enter the safety protection rails of the mold soaker to avoid scorching .	很有可能的是 , 非操作者或非维修人应该进入模具隔震器安全保护铁路 , 以避免扫描 。
at present , the development and application of acetate fibers in textile industry in some developed countries such as america and japan have been relatively mature .	目前 , 在一些发展中国家和日本等发展中 , 加速纤维在纺织工业中的应用已经相对成熟 。
the accuracy of the aromas index model of tobacco established in this study on tobacco aromas types was 87 . 9% .	本研究在烟草类型研究中建立的烟草指数模型的准确性为87.9% 。
methods:the models with hyperglycemia were induced by alloxan to observe the effects of balsam pear grande on the blood sugar .	方法:采用异丙烷诱导高血糖的模型 , 观察大鼠梨对血糖的影响 。
in addition , the learning content and function structure are abstract to the educational model in practice by eml educational modeling language .	此外 , 文章还对实践模式的教育模式对教育模式的学习内容和功能结构进行了抽象 。
based on geostatistics regionalization variable and variogram , kriging interpolation technology was described in detail .	详细介绍了基于地质化变量和变量的基础 , 提出了基于地质化的解释技术 。
if allowed to come into contact with the skin , croton oil causes blistering and painful skin irritation which can last up to three weeks .	如果允许与皮肤联系起来 , 克罗顿油产生突破和痛苦的皮肤灌溉 , 会持续到三个星期 。
the discrete time sliding mode controller design for stability and active power distribution of a twogenerator parallel running system is discussed in this paper .	讨论了双发电机并行系统的稳定性和活跃功率分布的离散时间滑动模式控制器设计 。
though more cases were reported by the specific reporting system than the routine system , the problem focus on delayed reporting cases . so , it is needed to perfect...	尽管如此 , 由于规范报告系统的特定报告 , 问题主要是在延迟报告的情况下 , 所以需要完善 。
more than 500 relief agencies are operating in haiti and the skies are filled with aircraft ferrying supplies to portauprince .	超过500多个救援机构在海地运营 , 空中充满了飞机发电供应到港口的供应 。
as a kind of ideal transmission medium in the shortdistance communication network , polymer optical fiber has great foreground of development .	作为一种理想的传输介质 , 在短期传播网络中 , 聚合物光纤具有很大的发展前景 。
this amerigo accompanied several expeditions to the new world and actually found a great deal of new land in the southern part of the hemisphere .	这个美国与新世界相比 , 与新世界相比 , 实际上发现了一个很大的新土地 , 半球南部的一部分地区 。
alli alloys is a new type of material of airplane construction which rises recently . it is famous at its low modulus of elasticity .	合金是近年来飞机建设的一种新型飞机合金材料 , 是其弹性低模块 。
and answer is " it " imperative tool settlement does not provide " emissions " regulations and the environmental protection agency for compliance .	答案是 " 它 " 实施工具定居不提供 " 排放 " 的规定和环保机构 。
in the fortieth year of the reign of david they were sought for , and there were found among them mighty men of valour at jazer of gilead .	在大卫的四十年里 , 大卫的尊重中 , 发现了他们在吉利亚的杰雷德的杰雷德 , 还有一名男人 。
compared with economic strength and practical needs of both sides , bilateral business cooperation enjoys huge development potential .	与经济强度和实际需求相比 , 双边业务合作有着巨大的发展潜力 。
the predominance of positive experiences permits the absorption , integration , and mentalization of the negative segment of experience .	积极经验的产生可能是吸收、积分、心理化的经验 。
dried fish , dried squid , shells , sea cucumbers , shelled shrimp , dried sea snake , agar , and others .	干鱼 , 干鱼 , 干燥 , 壳子 , 海卷 , 壳壳 , 干燥的海蛇 , 糖 , 其他人 。
with the method of prescribed burning , the effects of burning on leymus chinensis population in inner mongolia steppe were discussed .	通过对烧烧伤的方法 , 探讨了烧伤对内蒙古内蒙古人口的影响 。
when phosphate fertilisers are used in such countries , yields increase but at a high cost to farmers and to the environment , he said .	他说 , 当磷酸盐肥料在这种国家使用时 , 产量增加 , 但在高成本的农民和环境中 , 却增加了成本 。
objective to compare the contents of amygdaloside in ephedra decoctions made by using traditional method with that by soaking granules with boiling water .	目的比较采用传统的方法 , 用水浸泡颗粒的溶解法 , 比较氨基达洛在药物中含量的含量 。
only , a dynamics model of bridging fiber is built , fracture dynamics problems of composite materials are solved very well .	只有 , 建立了桥梁纤维动力学模型 , 解决了复合材料的断裂动力学问题 。
christian dior launched a multimedia photo exhibit in shanghai in midmay , showing off its lady dior line of handbags .	基督教离婚者在上海举办了多媒体照片展览 , 展示了它的手袋离婚线 。
in 2002 , hm king abdullah ii of jordan outlined a strategy to make jordan a regional information technology hub .	2002年 , 约旦的hm国王abdullai提交了一个策略 , 使约旦一个区域信息技术hbordan的策略 。
in your life , be sure to make yourself more magnanimous , for a person like that won't be puzzled with insoluble problems and can be optimistic .	在你的生活中 , 肯定要让自己更加聪明 , 对于一个人来说 , 就像那个人不会被困难的问题 , 而且可能是乐观的 。
art form is an important category in simmel's art thoughts , and is also the expression of aesthetic redeeming in ails .	艺术形式是西米尔艺术思想中的一个重要分类 , 也是美学重新审美的表达式 。
as you will be loving for the longhaul , make sure you avoid the friction , pain , and discomfort that can result from working each other raw by using lube .	正如你所爱的那样 , 要确保你避免摩擦 , 痛苦 , 并且不适合使用卢比工作的原因 。
in some places , one person will play a small gong and sing songs to praise the coming of spring . this person will give a picture of an ox to every household .	在某些地方 , 一个人会扮演一个小门 , 唱歌曲 , 赞美春天的歌曲 , 这个人将给每个家庭带来一张牛津 。
oh , captain butler , you shouldn't hold me so close . i will be mad if you do ! another dance and my reputation will be lost forever .	哦 , 船长 , 船长 , 你不应该把我那么紧紧 , 如果你做的话 , 另外一个舞蹈 , 我的声誉将永远失去 。
in the long span of the chinese history , the descendants of the yellow emperor have been righteously proud of the existence of the outstanding confucius .	在中国历史悠久的中国历史中 , 黄帝的后代人一直对黄帝国存在的骄傲 。
his colossus , whose size would be appropriate to a temple or city square , is a young , crouching , barefoot boy .	他的颜色很适合于寺庙或城市广场的大小 , 是一个年轻的、青春的、青春、不足的男孩 。
the results of landscape index of ndvi patch grades in thousand island lake area reflect the status of the plant communities on them well .	数千个岛屿湖地区的景观指标显示了植物群落的现状 。
more organic fertilizer can not only improve soil aggregates structure and basic character , but also be propitious to the effect of water and soil coupling .	有机肥料不仅能提高土壤聚合结构和基本特性 , 而且对水和土壤耦合的影响也很好 。
this unique , easy to rinse formula leaves hair soft , smooth and easy to manage with a fresh , light fragrance .	这种独特的是 , 很容易去理发 , 发柔软 , 平滑 , 很容易处理新鲜 , 轻的香气 。
pedrito tried once more to picture his wife and small son , his parents and his relatives , all of whom he felt certain were standing outside .	菲里托曾经试图画他的妻子和小儿子 , 他的父母和他的亲戚 , 他的父母都感到某些人都站在外面 。
this paper proposes a threedimension reverse design method of blade based on turbine according to the flow parameters and revolution of pump .	提出了一种基于涡轮机的三维反向设计方法 , 基于涡轮机的流量参数和泵革命的三维反向设计方法 。
it now contains a bouquet of highend boutiques , possibly what mr . beane’s joke about those antiques dealers was alluding to .	现在 , 它包含了一个高端boutique , 可能是beane先生对这些反que交易商的笑话 。
when the new trains start running it will only take one and a half hours . that's just a little longer than it takes to eat lunch and have a nap !	当新火车开始运行时 , 只需要一半小时 , 只要一点时间 , 只要吃午饭 , 就要吃一点 。
sulzer chemtech was built on innovation and the key to our success continues to be ongoing development of new ideas and concepts .	溃疡化学技术在创新和我们成功的关键上 , 继续发展新的思想和概念 。
however , mscs cocultured with normal hippocampal slices expressed bdnf at a lower level at any times of coculture .	然而 , msc培养了正常的假设片 , 在任何时间的文化中表达了bdnf 。
of all the fragrances — sandal , tagara , blue lotus and jasmine — the fragrance of virtue is the sweetest .	所有的折射都是沙拉、塔加拉、蓝色的莲子和杰米 , 虚拟的折射是最甜的 。
company is a foreign investment company under b multicountry company , which belonging to the h steel group , the largest steel enterprise in australia .	公司是一家在多国公司的外国投资公司 , 属于钢铁集团 , 是澳大利亚最大的钢铁企业 。
according to the hibernate shards documentation , this property is quite expensive and should be turned off in a production environment .	根据hibernateshards文档 , 该属性非常昂贵 , 应该在生产环境中转移 。
uprise shocked regnant group of rome , become acute clique of the noble in curia and the contradiction that civilian sends .	罗马斯的叛逆者组成了罗马的急性点击 , 成为目前的诺贝尔人和民事派遣的矛盾 。
objective: to study the composition , microstructure and microhardness change of the surface reaction layer of titanium cast with three investments .	目的:探讨钛铸件表面反应层表面反应层的组成、结构和微硬度变化 。
metrics tool performance and compatibility the volume of our data overwhelmed our hyperion brio desktop metrics tools .	测量工具的性能和兼容性 , 我们的数据的容量超过了我们的超级英国桌面工具 。
literature evaluation: among 3 501 obtained indexes , 35 concerning inclusion criteria were selected for summarized .	文献评价:总结了3501指标之间的文献评价指标 , 总结了35指标 。
multiple sizes or alternative facepiece designs can provide the individual with additional options for obtaining a good fit and seal .	多个尺寸或替代面部设计可以提供额外的选择 , 以获得良好的适合和密封的选择 。
firstly , according to the news text , the figure is found among urban employees which is to say not include people without a work .	首先 , 根据新闻文本 , 城市员工中发现的数字 , 就是说不包含没有工作的人 。
though wimbourne does not exist in modern britain , there is a wimborne minster a small town on the southern coast of england .	虽然wmbourne并不存在于现代英国 , 但在英国南海岸有一个小城镇 。
also , to stimulate the economy , the government should back low interest loans . uh , this is for housing , cars , bigticket items .	同时 , 为了刺激经济 , 政府应该回溯低利益贷款 , 这是为房屋、汽车、大型市场项目 。
rebooting geronimo will correct the error for one , but then generate the exception again when the database is accessed by the other .	重新启用geronimo将对一个错误进行纠正 , 但是当数据库访问另一个数据库时 , 再生成异常 。
kate beckinsale , playing a nurse , declares . " before doolittle's raid , americans knew nothing but defeat ; "	凯特·贝金斯 , 打个护士 , 宣布说: " 在多尔多特雷德的袭击之前 , 美国人知道没有什么事情但是缺陷 ; "
after analyzing cop cobweb algorithm , an approach for combining background knowledge into category utility was proposed .	通过对复制cobweb网络算法进行分析 , 提出了一种结合背景知识的方法 。
the root length , the state of root system , stem height , stem basal diameter , biomass of above and belowground were investigated .	研究了根系的根长度、茎高度、茎基直径、上下面生物量的基本直径、茎根长度、茎根高度、茎基直径、茎基本直径、茎根长度、茎根长度、茎根长度、茎基直径、茎根长度、
a letter believed to be written by mostafaei was posted on the internet on saturday , calling for the release of his relatives .	一封信相信 , 由于他亲戚发布的网络上 , 大多数faei在星期六在网上发布了一封信 。
studies show that the smoking cessation drug such as zyban , available by prescription , helps many people quit without gaining weight .	研究表明 , 吸烟药物如zyban、可用的药物 , 可以帮助许多人不获得重量 。
a total of 12 eligible studies representing 7 of 10 incidence groups in 24 jeendemic countries were identified .	确定了24个犹太国家的24个jendemic国家的7个发生组的12个敏捷研究 。
science and real estate development to determine the size of the supply of land to enhance landuse regulation to stop land hoarding behavior .	科学和房地产开发 , 确定土地供应大小 , 以提高土地规范 , 以阻止土地保护行为 。
then the method of combustion heat is employed to distinguish the stability of heat in different crystal modifications of disperse violet hfrl .	然后利用燃烧热的方法 , 利用不同温度的不同晶体的不同晶体变化 , 得出了燃烧热的稳定性 。
the doctorial advisor team construction of the doctorial students is vital to the training qualities of the doctorial students .	医生顾问团队建立医生学生的培养质量对医生培养质量有重要意义 。
in this paper , a power balancing method is proposed in multiinput multioutput cellular systems , and ber performance is analysed .	针对多输入多输入多输入多输入多输入细胞系统的功率平衡方法 , 分析了ber性能 。
the clustering technology provides a lowlevel messaging structure which keeps all the nodes in the cluster synchronized .	集群技术提供了一种低级消息结构 , 它保持集群同步中所有节点的节点 。
the flu virus is usually spread in the small droplets of saliva coughed or sneezed into the atmosphere by an infected person .	流感病毒通常被感染的人传染到大气中 , 流感病毒通常在沙利瓦咳嗽的小滴中传播 。
the xml encryption specification lists a number of required and optional cryptographic algorithms including	xml加密规范列出了许多需要和选择的水晶算法 , 包括包括的内容 。
jinshun warns mingzhang not to break zhenghong and jiahui up or he would divulge mingzhang's true identity .	金山警告明章不要破坏郑中 , 还是他会离开明珠真正的身份 。
he seemed studiously to seek out all the tender spots in her consciousness so as to inflict on her the cruellest wounds possible .	他似乎很明显地寻找她的意识中所有的倾向点 , 所以 , 尽管对她最危险的伤口感到冲突 。
research indicated cellular automata modeling technology is one simple effective method to study the dynamic problem of traffic flow .	研究表明 , 细胞自动化建模技术是研究交通流动态问题的一种简单有效的方法 。
foreigners can apply for chinese driving license using their respective country's drivers license . the information on the same is as shown below .	外国人可以使用他们的尊重国家司机许可证申请中国驾驶许可证 , 同样是在下面显示的信息 。
the processing of the nonstaple cereals include the processing of oat , buck wheat and barley as well as the preparation of barley malt .	非岩浆的加工包括加工卵麦、小麦加工 , 以及制备黑麦的制备 。
the chemical industries special ltd . was a successful example that government and merchants cooperated under the special ltd .	化工业有限公司是政府和商人在特殊有限公司合作的成功实例 。
the wave induced seabed liquefaction is a main attributor to forming of the submarine physiognomy in huanghe river delta .	波导导致的海底液化作用是黄河三角洲海底物理学的主要原因之一 。
the algorithm and the learning rule of the neuron adaptive pid controller for pulp consistency control system are described in this paper .	介绍了脉冲一致性控制系统的神经元自适应pid控制器的算法和学习规则 。
turnofthecentury elocutionists taught their students how to gesture to communicate specific emotions or messages .	土耳其世纪的文学家教授他们的学生如何将特定的情感或消息传播到特定的情感或消息 。
conductivities measured at room temperatures must be corrected if they are to be used for rocks at depths greater than about 1000m .	房间温度测量的导电性必须正确 , 如果他们在深度上使用的岩石 , 必须比1000毫米高 。
ceramiclined compound copper tube is used in tube mould having excellent service effects and decreasing the production cost of tube blank .	采用陶瓷化合铜管在管模块中具有优良的服务效果 , 降低管坯生产成本 。
the " he runs , the nobody smiled ...... " yan sen moment turns the facial statement of face for the cordial style form .	" 他跑了 , 没有人笑了... " 燕感的时刻转变了面对形式的脸部声明 。
some strong seedlings in the first four to five leaves and smoke after the second take ear , born in the removal of the ear was spent .	有些强烈的种子在第一四至五叶之后 , 然后第二次收获耳朵 , 出生于耳朵的出生 。
this paper presents the development of a new power coil , which is to address the problem of power supply for online monitoring system in high voltage side of transmission lines .	提出了一种新的电源线圈 , 是解决电源在线监控系统在高电压线的电压监控系统的问题 。
the retail space in kingkey financial centre in caiwuwei , luohu district , will be launched for prelease shortly .	路华区金融中心的零售空间 , 将短期发布 。
on december 15 , i reached an omnibus budget agreement with congress , the last major legislative victory of my eight years .	十五年12月15日 , 我与国会达成了一项omnibus预算协议 , 最后的八年的立法胜利 。
it has all the benefits related to loosely coupled architecture , such as code reusability , and it also limits the testing effort required .	它有关于松散耦合的架构 , 比如代码可重用性 , 同时也限制了测试工作 。
like a person swinging a tennis racket in her right hand , the decay of cobalt 60 has an intrinsic handedness that is reversed by a mirror .	就像一个人在右手中打开网球球 , 科尔福60年代的衰退已经被镜子转向了 。
just as in previous seasons there seems to be no real link between the midfield and the attack , and the need for a new trequartista is glaring .	正如以前的季节 , 在中场和中场之间没有真正的联系 , 对于中场和中场之间的攻击来说 , 需要一个新的quartista 。
joshua was grateful for god's help . he knew that the israelites would have to fight many battles before they could live happily in their new homeland .	约书亚对上帝的帮助非常感谢 , 他知道以色列人必须在他们的新家里生活很多战斗之前战斗 。
facebook’s ad sales team is now led by carolyn everson , who replaced longtime vp of global sales mike murphy .	facebook的广告销售团队现在由卡罗琳everon领导 , 他取代了全球销售迈克·穆尔菲的长期vp 。
at last , we give a example of this model , and analyse some influencing factors of the price of a ratecapped swap with bermudan swaption .	最后 , 我们给出了一个实例 , 并分析了一种比较普遍的速率崩溃价格的一些影响因素 。
stars and planets form within swirling clouds of dust and gas that visible light cannot penetrate , but which infrared radiation can .	星球和星球形成在可见光的尘埃和气体中 , 不能渗透 , 但红外辐射能 。
but as mr . sandman cautions , an impressively documented process only has the appearance of control , thus having only the feel of mitigating risk .	但是正如沙曼先生所说的那样 , 只有一个令人印象的文档过程只有控制的出现 , 所以只有减轻风险的感觉 。
her life was often regarded as a fairytale and her legendary marriage to baseball great joe dimaggio was the hallmark of this perception .	她的生活经常被视为一个公平的女性和传奇的婚姻 , 为基地球伟大的乔治奥是这个观念的哈拉马克 。
through invoking mathematic library and hybrid programming , the numerical results derived on deepcomp 6800 are satisfactory .	通过调用数学图书馆和杂交编程 , 给出了深部6800的数学结果 , 满意度 。
at present , the aids " four frees and one care " policy in tianjin full implementation of the national aids in lowprevalence state .	目前 , " 四自由和一项关注 " 天津全国艾滋病在低价状态中完全实施 " 政策 。
stay positive . don't whine and complain . it gives people a negative impression about your outlook on life and makes people think you are 'grumpy' .	保持积极 , 不要干净 , 抱怨 , 它给人们一个负面的印象 , 让人们认为你是 " 残酷 " 。
make a list of things you always wanted to do but couldn't because you were raising your kids . maybe it's writing or learning the piano .	把你总是想做的事情列表列出来 , 但是你不能因为你提高你的孩子 , 也许是写作或学习钢琴 。
dubai's al wasl club is expected to make a formal announcement on signing diego maradona as its coach for the next 2 years .	迪拜的阿尔沃尔俱乐部预计将在未来2年签署迪拜哥马拉纳作为教练的正式宣布 。
the guessing problem is troubling because two test takers with same knowledge can end up with different scores or two people with different knowledge levels can end up with same scores .	猜测问题正在困扰 , 因为两个测试采取者可以结束不同的分数或两个人 , 不同的知识水平可以结束相同的分数 。
while most of us head for shelter when we hear a huge storm coming , one daredevil photographer has made it his job to get as close as he can .	当我们大多数人听到了一个巨大的暴风暴时 , 一个敢于恶魔的摄影师一直把他的工作当作他能接近的时候 , 就像他一样 。
i’ll finish this guest post by 11:59pm on august 31 . i know this , because if i don’t , i’ll lose $1 , 000 .	我今年8月31日完成这个客人邮件 , 我知道这是因为我不会丢失1 , 000美元 。
the games lost popularity , however , largely due to the growth of cheating and were abolished by emperor theodosius i in 394 ad .	然而 , 这个游戏失去了流行性 , 大部分原因是由于欺骗的成长 , 由于我在394年被皇帝的奥多尼奥斯所废除 。
the analyzing of the dragon image can make people feel interested , because dragon is an image that has a close relation with traditional chinese culture .	龙形象的分析可以使人们感到兴趣 , 因为龙是一个与中国传统文化密切相关的图片 。
it’s is the age old battle ; good versus evil , arrogance versus humility , handsome versus , well not so handsome .	这是古老战斗 , 善良的恶魔 , 恶魔 , 勇敢的浪漫 , 帅气 , 帅气 , 好不太帅气 。
in europa are similar suitable locations for elf transmitters , to be found in areas covered by the baltic and the caledonian shields .	在欧洲 , 同样适合自传输器的位置 , 由平衡和卡里昂尼亚盾构覆盖的地区发现 。
the sun was shining gloriously , so karen and the old lady went along the footpath through the corn , where it was rather dusty .	太阳亮地闪烁着 , 所以卡伦和老太太太太阳沿着玉米的脚路走了 , 然而它却相当的责任 。
in addition to paying for fuel and wearandtear on a fleet vehicle , the plumbing shop needs to cover the time spent traveling to my home .	除了支付燃料 , 外 , 穿着一辆飞行车的汽车 , 外 , 还需要花时间去家里旅行 。
in places where fragile governments cannot assist us and health infrastructure is nonexistent , fighting the poliovirus is costly .	在那里 , 脆弱的政府不能帮助我们和健康基础设施是非存在的 , 战斗贫困病毒的成本 。
he spoke as pickup trucks loaded with fighters headed to the front and the thud of mortar shells was heard at twominute intervals .	他说 , 作为采购卡车负载了战斗机头 , 前面的战斗车 , 在两分钟之间听到了莫特拉壳的研究 。
" when i first saw al pacino in the film , i , for the first time in my life , thought that i wanted to be like another person , " he recalled .	" 当我第一次看到阿尔·帕奇诺在电影中看到的时候 , 我第一次在我的生活中 , 我认为我想成为另一个人 , " 他回忆道 。
tarim basin is a huge superposed basin composed of paleozoic cratonic basin and mesocenozoic foreland basin .	塔里姆盆地是由太平洋裂缝盆地和中山盆地组成的一个巨大的超叠盆地 。
background: clusterin has many biological functions , especially the great protection effects on histiocytes in pathological conditions .	背景:集群有许多生物学功能 , 尤其是对病理条件下的保护作用 。
chatting on line , students can express their feelings and opinions more freely , and even get help with their foreign language studies .	聊天在线上 , 学生可以表达自己的感觉 , 甚至更自由地表达他们的外语学习 。
the second argument is that , even if it never came to war , taiwanwould still be an obstacle to better sinoamerican relations .	第二个论点是 , 即使它从来没有战争 , 台湾仍然是更好的中美关系的障碍 。
the problem is , i have never worked in an office setting and i'm not sure how to go about learning etiquette , how to speak appropriately , etc .	问题是 , 我从来没有在办公室设置中工作 , 我不确定如何去学习礼仪 , 如何适当讲话等 。
secondly , it proves the academic feasibility of wrh by establishing mathematical model and using the method of comparative analysis .	其次 , 通过数学模型建立数学模型和比较分析方法 , 证明了wrh的学术可行性 。
how to become hostages escape , agent after school also pay special attention to training " spy " and " videotape likes agent .	如何成为主机逃离 , 学校后的代理也为了培养 " 空间 " 和 " 视频类似代理提供特殊关注 。
in this paper , a company formed through a mcgs one to more than mode of remote monitoring network for monitoring the work of the satellite transmitter .	通过mcgs , 通过一个mcgs , 通过远程监控网络 , 来监测卫星传输器的工作 。
mr . garcía fumes . he would like to see the bankers he considers responsible for the country’s problems taxed and prosecuted .	加利亚先生 , 他希望看到银行家们负责国家的税收和采购问题的责任 。
romans8:32 he who did not spare his own son , but gave him up for us all how will he not also , along with him , graciously give us all things ?	罗马斯8:32岁的儿子没有空白自己的儿子 , 但给他给了他一切都是怎么样的 , 和他一起 , 给我们一切事情呢 ?
in practical terms , the west bank has been increasingly separated from east jerusalem , which is still the most populous palestinian city .	实际上 , 西岸已从东耶路撒冷分离 , 仍然是巴勒斯坦最流行的巴勒斯坦城 。
and catch my second software raid article , in which we'll take a look at some more advanced software raid functionality and raid1 .	而且 , 我的第二个软件raid文章 , 我们将采取一些更先进的软件raid1 。
daily a voice would sound in his head , and his mind's voice would respond with an answer , while he labored at his endless task .	每天的声音会在他的头上听起来 , 他的心里的声音会响应答案 , 同时他在无尽的任务上劳动 。
the present petroleum exploration has trended from structural reservoirs to lithologic and stratigraphic reservoirs .	目前的石油勘探已从构造储层到岩性和岩性储层中逐渐趋势 。
for example , the meridian pertaining to the kidney is named the kidney meridian , and the rest may be deduced by analogy .	例如 , 梅迪亚在肾脏上保持着肾脏被称为肾脏默迪亚 , 其他人可能被模拟推导 。
outside of beaujolais this variety hasn't been very successful but it is cultivated in the loire valley and california .	除了这类品种外 , 本品种并没有成功 , 但在路透谷和加利福尼亚培养 。
david took the philistine's head and brought it to jerusalem , and he put the philistine's weapons in his own tent .	大卫拿了菲律师的头 , 把它带到耶路撒冷 , 他把菲律师的武器放在自己的帐篷里 。
the algorithm satisfies the needs of the new character nc machining technique that generates the tool path by the character skeleton .	算法满足了基于角色skeleton生成工具路径的新特性nc加工技术的需要 。
if such sale was effected without cent by the trustor , and the trusteetrader made up the deficiency on its own , it is binding on the trustor .	如果这样的销售效果不受信任者的影响 , 那么信任者对自己的缺陷造成了不足的影响 , 那么它对信任员来说是绑定的 。
although data is sent synchronously , the protocol provides for resending messages lost during network transmission .	尽管数据同步发送同步 , 但是在网络传输过程中 , 协议提供依赖消息的协议 。
when the temperature condition is favourable but soil water content is low , the development process is prolonged , and the survival rate is decreased .	当温度条件良好时 , 土壤水含量较低 , 开发过程延长 , 生存率降低 。
the physiological state of a vessel is the state of loading physiological pressure in vivo and the zerostress state in vitro .	血管的生理状态是在体外加载生理压力的状态和体外零应力状态的状态 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowd was busy at handshaking .	轻视着葡萄酒 , 优雅混合了香气 , 笑着 , 笑着笑着 , 人群在手上忙碌 。
to the extent that state subsidies are cut and privatisation increases , more work often devolves on people who must do that work without pay .	因此 , 国家补贴的极大程度是削减和隐私的增加 , 更多的工作往往会导致那些没有薪酬的人们 。
come back ? " the gold xiao xiao suddenly asks a , the tone is cold , but takes the idea of forcing for several pence . "	回来吗 ? " 金小晓突然问一下 , 玩具是冷的 , 可是要求几个戒指的想法 。
clearly determined to look his best , the well turnedout mammal spent a long time carefully checking the rest of his fur for any dirt .	明显的确确定要看他最好的 , 很好的转变哺乳动物花了很长时间小心地检查他剩下的四个脏病 。
modern paintings were impressed by the variety of painting and performance of the various kinds of methods in chinese painting found in the selfexpression .	现代绘画在中国画中发现的各种各样的绘画和表现方法 , 受到了现代绘画的影响 。
last week , the government published online information and leaflets aimed at persuading pregnant women to have the vaccine .	上周 , 政府发布的网上信息和叶片目标是说服孕妇女有疫苗 。
what legal obligations do aggregators of foaf information have under the dataprotection law in the jurisdiction under which they operate ?	福叶信息的法律义务在法律保护法律下 , 法律义务在哪些情况下进行的数据保护法律 。
we spread the blankets inside , and ate our dinner there . soon it got dark and began to rain . the wind blew hard , too .	我们在那里散发了黑色的黑色 , 吃了我们的晚餐 , 很快就吃了 , 就开始雨 , 风吹得很难 。
most analysis for rock slope stability have dealt with singlefaced slopes with a planar surface of a constant strike .	岩石滑坡稳定性的分析大多数 , 与常规冲击的平面表面进行处理 。
the oxfordeducated bachelor was sworn in during an ancient buddhist ritual in a palace overlooking the thimphu valley .	牛津教育的巴克勒在古老佛教仪式中被扫过 , 在宫殿上 , 超越了imphu谷 。
the program also introduced occasional mutationsand randomness , on the off chance that one of them might produce an accidentalgenius .	这个程序还介绍了偶尔突变和随机性 , 这些程序之一可能产生事故的发生机会 。
stirfried noodle:put it in boiling water until the hard core is vanished , then stirfrying with meat pieces or eggs .	搅拌的鼻子:把它放在锅水中 , 直到硬核中 , 然后用肉或蛋搅拌 。
the atime is the last access time of a file , and each time a file is accessed , the underlying file system must record this timestamp .	目的是文件的最后一个访问时间 , 每次访问文件 , 下文件系统必须记录这个时间戳 。
meanwhile , high temperature zones reduced gradually until fire extinguishments along with the vaporization of water mists .	与此同时 , 高温区逐渐减少 , 直到火灾灭火 , 随着水灾灭火的变化而逐渐减少 。
while this type of unauthorized computer intrusion is clearly against the law , the fight against ratting is a challenge .	虽然这种不授权的计算机侵入明显反对法律 , 但反对法律的战斗是一个挑战 。
the higher the proportion of stateowned shares , the fewer the financing bounds , the smaller the influence of the cash flow on investment .	国有股票的比例高于国有股票的比例 , 金融界面 , 现金流动对投资的影响较小 。
" i propose that we undertake a joint review of nato's and russia's common threats and challenges , " he said .	他说: " 我建议我们在北约和俄罗斯共同威胁和挑战下进行综述 。 "
after hydrolytic lactalbumin was added into media , the vitrified seedlings reduced , but the contamination rate was always very high .	加入水解乳氨酸乳氨酸后 , 经过水解后的种子减少 , 但污染率总是很高 。
these hydrolysates yielded the meaty flavoring necessary to make these rapidcooking soups , meaty and so enticing .	这些水解产生了肉类的味道 , 需要使这些快速烹饪的汤、肉类、肉类等激励 。
recommended dishes include hakka style brewed bean curd , steamed egg with shrimp , and shrimp dumpling .	推荐的菜肴包括黑卡卡风格的豆腐 , 用虾干的鸡蛋 , 虾干的鸡蛋 。
frequency downshift and upshift of microwaves reflected by laserinduced plasma were detected in the experiments .	通过实验研究了激光诱导等离子体反射微波的频率下移和转移 。
rubbish collectors are following behind the procession picking up discarded bottles , bound to be making a big fortune today .	垃圾收集器在过程中追随着废弃的瓶子后面 , 约束今天成为大型财富 。
please accept my sincerely congratulations on your success . i hope letters reporting greater success arrive thick and fast !	请接受我诚挚祝贺你的成功 , 我希望更好地报告成功 , 成功快 !
in beijing, up to 150 police were posted along roads around the zhongnanhai leadership compound in beijing last night .	在北京 , 在北京 , 上个晚上 , 警察在中海领导化合物周围发布了150名警察 。
yes , that's a memorable scene in one of my favorite movies , called gorillas in the mist , based on a true story of mrs .	是的 , 这是我最喜欢的电影中的一个记忆场景 , 叫戈里拉斯先生的真正故事 。
this equipment is extensive to used for food processing plant , food warehouse etc . unit tidies up to go to miscellaneous .	这种设备广泛用于食品加工厂、食品仓库等 , 单位设备上升到微量的 。
founded in1540 , campeche was frequently sacked by buccaneers in the17th century . population , 128 , 434 .	成立于1540年 , 在17世纪 , 摄像机经常被buccaneners所吸收 。 人口128 , 434年 。
the implementation and application of the technology have accumulated experiences for constructing oil and gas storages in other area in our country .	本技术的实施和应用已经积累了我国其他地区建设油气储存的经验 。
chapter four analyzes the characteristics of university faculty assessment mechanism in jiangsu since the new century .	第四章从新世纪以来 , 对江苏大学教育评估机制的特点进行了分析 。
the other names of this dog are chinese pug , dutch bulldog , dutch mastiff , mini mastiff and its country of origin is china .	这个狗的另一个名字是中国的药 , 荷兰大夫 , 荷兰大夫 , 米尼·马斯菲夫和它的国家是中国 。
a new singlecore and doublewinding magnetic field sensor prepared from cobased amorphous ribbon was studied .	研究了一种新的基于基于基于形态的非均匀的单核和双重磁场传感器制备的新型单核心和双赢磁场传感器 。
let’s admit it—the economy in america is still terrible and it is incredibly difficult to find a job nowadays .	让我们承认 , 美国经济仍然很难找到工作的困难 。
ltg cross flow quench airconditioning and its control method were introduced . some modifying opinions on the existing problems were put forward .	介绍了ltg交叉空调控制方法及其控制方法 , 对现有问题提出了一些改进意见 。
the research objects of this thesis are underachievers in junior high school . the research starts by studying underachievers'psychological problems .	本论文的研究对象是在高中学中实现的 , 通过研究成果者心理问题的研究开始 。
objective:to investigate the relationship of " dysfunction of the spleen in transport " with gastrointestinal enterocrine cells .	目的:探讨 " 脾运输 " 的功能与胃肠肠肠细胞的关系 。
some consumers buy organically grown foods because they believe the products are healthier , tastier and better for the environment .	一些消费者购买有机成长食品 , 因为他们相信产品是健康、味道和更好的环境 。
in this work the dynamic response of an fpso to slamming loads in extreme waves was studied by experimental method .	通过实验方法 , 研究了一种fpso的动态响应 , 使极端波中滑动负荷的动态响应 。
worldwide data losses now represent us$40 billion in losses to affected companies and individuals each year , dewalt says .	德瓦尔说 , 世界范围内的数据损失现在代表了美国每年损失了40亿美元 , 以影响公司和个人的损失 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowed was busy at handshaking .	轻视着葡萄酒 , 优雅混合了香气 , 笑着 , 笑着 , 人群在手上忙着 。
the different population structures of abies yuanbaoshanensis in different associations reflected the process of succession of community .	在不同协会中 , 不同人口结构的不同人口结构反映了群落的成功过程 。
as it is appeared in the log , that getname method signature is not matching to the wsdl or application servergenerated mapping xml .	正如在日志中出现的 , gegename方法签名不匹配wsdl或应用服务器生成映射xml 。
the application data section contains the actual data sent from one program to another , and its content and structure are defined by the applications that use it .	应用程序数据部分包含从一个程序发送到另一个程序 , 并通过应用程序定义其内容和结构 。
east region and nka controlled pw% very well and keep it within year target and also achieve or over 100% ytd gs target !	东部地区和nka控制了pw-% , 保持在一年内的目标 , 同时也达到100%的ytdg目标 !
we need to be mind and body becoming one if the mind can be into the inside of a cell and can penetrate the membrane of a cell intentionally .	我们需要心灵和身体变成一个心灵 , 如果心脏能够进入细胞内 , 就可以渗透细胞的膜 。
brucellosis in sera of 710 samples of milk goats was detected by the application of spa elisa in comparison with sat and cft .	通过对比sat和cft的比较 , 对710个牛羊的样本进行比较 , 发现了其在710个样本中进行比较 。
the effect of inkwash in oriental paintings , and its use of lines for spatial delineation are augmented in this work to gain new philosophy .	介绍了墨水在东方绘画中的作用 , 以及其使用空间约束的线条 , 提高了新的哲学 。
they may point down to your shoe and say , “your shoelace is untied . ” if you believe them and look down to see , you are an april fool then .	他们可能会指着你的鞋子 , 说: " 你们的鞋子是不完的 。 " 如果你相信他们 , 看 , 你是四月的愚蠢 。
she compulsively or inadvertently places herself at the apex of triangulated relationships and fails to see the pain she causes in the process .	她抱怨或不完全地把自己放在三种关系的指标上 , 并未能看到她在过程中所造成的痛苦 。
conclusion: the main activity of phospholipids on phospholipids complex is to promote the absorption of the cell .	结论:磷脂复合物磷磷脂的主要活性是促进细胞吸收 。
cognition software engineering is a subject of application and theory , which needs both high technology and lots of experience from jobs .	认知软件工程是应用和理论的一个主题 , 需要高科技和很多工作经验 。
confidence and arrogance is little different , but there are worlds apart . in particular , i hope i can instead of selfsufficiency .	信心和傲慢是不一样的 , 但是 , 除了世界之外 , 特别是 , 我希望我能够自我不足 。
this year the weak economic has admission's officer's nervous that some families may not be able to paid for colleges as planed .	今年 , 弱的经济承诺了一些家庭的神经 , 可能不能为大学提供支付 。
the officers open the trunk of their patrol car and pull out what looks like a toy model aircraft with four rotors and a video camera .	警官打开了他们的巡逻车的卡车 , 拉出了看起来像玩具模型飞机 , 四个转子和一台视频摄像机的飞机 。
cherubic and deceptively guileless , she used " humour as a dodge , intimacy as a smoke screen " , ms salomon notes .	她用 " 幽默 " 作为一种吸烟屏幕 , 作为一种吸烟屏幕 。
the miser overheard this . he rushed out and shouted angrily at the servant , " who gave you permission to make promises for me ? "	这个错误听说过这句话 , 他在仆人中冲出来 , 愤怒地喊着 , " 谁给予你承诺给我承诺吗 ? "
dee , sam , ellie linda and ian have promised , if necessary , to carry me on board the balloon . i cannot miss this .	死亡 , 萨姆 , 伊利·林达和伊恩承诺 , 如果必要 , 要把我带在巴伦上 。 我不能错过这件事 。
" if sex is something quite different from love , as you seem to say , then is there any necessity at all to do anything about sex ? " asked the young man .	" 如果性感很不同 , 就像你所说的那样 , 那么你看起来有什么必要的事情呢 ? " 年轻人问 。
i made clear to her how laughable would have been the waywardness of english spelling but for the tragic compulsion we were under to cram it for our examinations .	我清楚地清楚她的笑容是英语讲话的道路 , 但对于悲剧的抱怨 , 我们正在考试它 。
check out what your daughter is reading or watching and discuss it with her . encourage her to talk about and question what she's seen or heard .	检查你的女儿正在阅读或观看 , 并与她讨论 , 鼓励她谈论她的问题 , 还是听到的 。
follow the documents work as per national filing regulations and shanghai regulations , to classify , rank and identify documents .	遵循文件 , 作为每个国家文件规定和上海规定 , 分类、排名和识别文件 。
often impulsive , occasionally overeager , danny had to learn to be patient before he could become skilled in the ways of the long con .	经常 , 偶尔超越了 , 丹尼必须学会在长康的途中成为患者之前成为病人 。
the tense man sitting in the pilot's seat swung the plane into the wind and soon they were in the air , though flying erratically .	十个人坐在飞行员座位上 , 飞机撞进了风中 , 很快他们在空中 , 尽管飞行在严重的地方 。
for long time china paid attention mainly to small leaf tea and neglected the large leaf ones , the tea output and export have decreased day by day .	长期以来 , 中国主要注意到小叶茶 , 忽视了大叶子 , 茶叶输出和出口日益减少 。
in the long long night of endless , much like they have a sweet dream , even if the moment of quiet sleep , but can not do , which is insomnia .	在漫长的夜里 , 很多人喜欢他们有一个甜美的梦想 , 即使是安静的睡眠时刻 , 却不能做 , 即使是失眠 。
" all this is leading to a lot of bitterness , " said sheikh manzoor ahmed , editor of an indian urdu news agency .	" 所有这些都导致了很多苦难 , " 谢克·曼佐尔说 , 印度乌尔多新闻机构的编辑 。
bachelor degree in biochemistry , biology , medicine , or related science with minimum of 5 years of related experience .	生物化学、生物学、医学、医学或相关科学 , 至少有5年的相关经验 。
conclusion:the method is a little damage , bleeding . it is a safe and handy method during thyroidectomy for manifest thyroid .	结论:该方法在甲状腺切除术中是一种较小的损伤 , 是甲状腺切除术中的安全和处理方法 。
they may also reside on the world wide web , which is the mediarich component of the international communication network known as the internet .	他们也可能在世界范围内存放在世界广泛的网络上 , 这是国际通信网络的媒体组成部分 。
the implementing of transmission line nonsetting protection based on twoterminal information and singleterminal information are included in the paper .	介绍了基于双端信息和单端信息的传输线非传输保护的实现情况 。
he lives a simple and fragul life . he is indifferent to money and lust . he always missed dining time because of his work .	他住在一个简单又脆弱的生活中 , 他对钱和幸运有差异 , 他总是因为他的工作而失踪了晚餐时间 。
last year , san francisco's board of governors passed a local law banning the use of the chemical in children's products .	去年 , 圣弗朗西斯科的董事会通过了当地法律禁止在儿童产品中使用化学品 。
therefore , luo yin is a late tang not allow to neglect writer , its poem obvious region has by the tang to song transition trace .	因此 , 罗尹是一个晚唐不允许忽视作家 , 它的诗歌明显地区由唐到宋代传统的歌曲 。
chelsea was reminded of our roots on monday when sue mears , the great granddaughter of the club's founder paid us a visit .	切尔西星期一提醒了我们的根本 , 当苏格雷斯时 , 俱乐部创始人支付了我们的访问 。
but see , this is just exactly what's wrong with the whole system the nursing home doctors unload this gomer on us because they're unable to treat him...	但是看 , 这只是对整个系统的错误 , 护理医生把这位医生放在我们身上 , 因为他们不能治疗他 。
objective to evaluate the rodenticide control efficacy of diphacinena salt for a test field and bromadiolone for b test field in camping area .	目的评价二磷酸盐在营地b试验领域的抗滑性控制效果 。
the greater the wind , for the first time this year , wrapped up in the wind to hear the mournful whistle , dry leaves a crowded fall .	今年第一次 , 风吹得更大的风 , 让风吹起来 , 听到风吹 , 干了一只人群落下来 。
hughes promised to continue to build the “shared connections” that bring together people who want to live in peace and freedom .	赫格希斯承诺继续建立 " 羞辱的连接 " , 这使人们共同生活在和平和自由的人们共同生活 。
for china , at this time , the national revolution was going on among warlords . the actions of imperialism in china were no longer unfettered .	对于中国来说 , 国民革命在战争中正在发生 , 中国的帝国主义行为不再受到困扰 。
today , i have slept for 14 hours . i thought i was very tired . it was time for dinner . i must go ! i am very hungry .	今天 , 我已经睡了14小时了 , 我觉得我很累了 。 晚餐很累 , 我必须去 ! 我很饿 。
a leading statesman and presidential aspirant , clay's political intuition earned him the nickname " the great compromiser . "	一个领先的美国人和总统阿司匹尔 , 克莱的政治直觉赢得了他 " 伟大的赞助者 " 。
witch : i know what do you want to do , you're a silly girl . however , my dear , i can help you so that your dream can come true .	巫师:我知道你想做的是什么 , 你是个愚蠢的女孩 。 然而 , 我亲爱的 , 我能帮助你们的梦能真的 。
thirdly , treatment of spoken and written examples of the most common words is obviously unbalanced in ldoce3 .	第三 , 在ldoce3中 , 使用最常见的词语的语言和写作例子的处理明显不平衡 。
whenever i took the 7 train from flushing , i was always trying to interpret the chinese characters on the newspaper people reading beside me .	每当我从流动中抽出7列火车时 , 我总是试图解释中国人物在报纸上读到的中国人物 。
while the worst of the price drops appear to be over , home values nationwide are expected to show tiny gains if any throughout 2010 .	虽然最糟糕的价格下降似乎已经过去 , 但在2010年全球范围内 , 国内价值将会显示小的收益 。
if wordofmouth proves effective , american express could engage in viral marketing campaigns designed to create " buzz " .	如果词汇证明了有效的话 , 美国的表达可能会在设计的虚拟营销活动中进行 , 以创建 " buzzz " 。
lionel messi is " playing a kickabout with jesus " but must not make the wrong choices , diego maradona said today .	迪戈·马拉纳说 , 林纳尔梅西是 " 与耶稣玩耍 " , 但不要做错误的选择 。
if you want to change the name of a samba server to something other than the unix name of the server , use the netbios name parameter .	如果你想改变sammba服务器的名称 , 比服务器的unix名称 , 使用netbios名称参数 。
the new ipod nano , starting at $149 , comes with an fm receiver and pedometer in addition to the builtin video camera .	新ipodnano , 开始于149美元 , 还有一个fm接收器和pedometer , 除了建立视频摄像机 。
but swedish newspapers have suggested that the birds had been pecking at salt on the road when they were run over by a passing lorry .	但是瑞典的报纸提示 , 鸟儿在路上被一只传统的耶和华运行的时候 , 就在路上看着 。
to measure any physiological differences , researchers euthanized certain individuals from each group to study their brain tissues .	为了测量任何生理差异 , 研究人员从每个组中提高某些个人 , 以研究大脑组织 。
the english language was first written in the anglosaxon futhorc runic alphabet , in use from the 5th century .	英语的第一篇文章是从5世纪的第一篇文章中写的 。
and we have a shared obligation to ensure that the federal courts have enough judges to hear those cases and deliver timely rulings .	我们有一个共同的义务 , 确保联邦法院有足够的法官听到这些案件和交付时间的规定 。
the visitors' center and the museum provide information about the history of the culture of the ancient pueblo people and about presentday indians .	参观者的中心和博物馆提供了关于古代普拉布罗人民文化的信息和今天印度的信息 。
its emperor dances to the tune of a halfvandal general , its powerless senators idle on vast , poorlymanaged estates .	它的皇帝舞蹈到一半的一般地方 , 它的无力参议员在大量的、贫困管理的房地产 。
the total mk and type 4 mk levels in both central veins and peripheral arteries rose significantly during cpb .	中央静脉和外周动脉均有显著的mk和4mk水平 , 在cpb中心静脉和外周动脉均有显著升高 。
it is a very special pleasure for me to have this occasion to publicly express my deep admiration and appreciation for grigori perelman .	对于我来说 , 是一个非常特殊的快乐 , 让我公开地表达我的深刻的承诺和欣赏格里·佩尔曼 。
other helpful steps include asking for help from others , using humor , learning to be assertive , and practicing problem solving and time management .	其他有帮助的步骤包括帮助别人 , 使用幽默 , 学会被保持 , 以及实践问题解决和时间管理 。
" this bill misses the mark because it unavoidably leads to higher energy costs for businesses and consumers , " says harman .	哈曼说: " 这项法案误导了标志 , 因为它无法避免导致更高的能源成本为业务和消费者的能源成本 。 "
see <wasce_home>/var/directory/server . xml for the configuration properties used by the directory server .	查看<wacehome>/var/目录/服务器.xml用于目录服务器使用的配置属性 。
try it out next time you need to drive your car . cover your left nostril with your thumb and breathe only through your right nostril for one minute .	下次尝试它 , 你需要驱动你的车 , 把左鼻盖 , 用拇指 , 然后用你的右鼻子来呼吸 。
the accident taught them two lessons , they say . no matter how safe the ship , the most mundane human error can sink it .	事故教他们两个课程 , 他们说 , 无论如何安全船 , 最多的百个人错误可以造成它 。
the report a month ago was that second quarter growth was even slower than sharply revised forecasts , coming in at only 2 . 4% .	这个月前报告显示 , 第二季度增长比较明显修复预测更慢 , 只有2.4% 。
customer value need will appear netlike in the future and companies should play the role as both agent and integrator of customer value...	客户价值需要在未来和公司中出现网络 , 应该作为客户价值的代理和集成者 。
a cup or plate that , according to medieval legend , was used by jesus at the last supper and that later became the object of many .	根据中世传说 , 一个杯子或盘子 , 被耶稣在最后的供应商使用 , 后来成为许多物体 。
in the end , i send them out with a long shopping list , set the timer on my phone to go off in ten minutes and drag colin upstairs .	最后 , 我给他们发出了很长的购物名单 , 把时间放在手机上 , 把手机放在十分钟 , 拖车上 。
anyway , offyear in ah , wish the family is in this year , we can health more happiness of life together is good , not too right , all right .	无论如何 , 亚雅 , 希望今年的家庭是在今年 , 我们可以一起健康生活的幸福是好的 , 不对的 , 总是对的 。
mr aliev told msnbc: " we really can hide objects . . . . we can switch for a short moment and make it disappear .	艾丽夫先生告诉msnbc: " 我们真的可以隐藏对象 。 我们可以在短期的时候开关 , 使它消失 。
one of the unique characters in the implementation of russian ecology law is that russian ecosocial groups play a major role .	俄罗斯生态法实施中独特的特点之一是俄罗斯生态群体扮演了重要角色 。
the data was statistically analyzed using frequencies , means , reliability , and gap theory with spss 15 . 0 and excel 2003 .	利用频率、手段、可靠性和差距理论 , 统计分析了数据 , 并利用spsss15.0和2003 。
singer celine dion is suing a us supermarket tabloid for $20m over a report which claimed she was pregnant with twins .	歌手队长迪on正在为美国超级市场专家提供2000万美元的报告 , 声称她怀孕了双胞胎 。
and he would not move until he was sure his men were ready . mcclellan's plan was to put his army on boats in the potomac river .	直到他确保他的男人已经准备好了 , 麦克莱恩的计划是把他的军队放在池塘河上 。
for power distributing , a power scaling plan has been given for this specific a/d converter , achieving good tradeoff between power , area and performance .	对于电力分布 , 给出了一个特定的a/d变换器 , 实现了电力、区域和性能优良的贸易 。
in music teaching , case teaching can be infiltrated into theory teaching and combined with the practice of music class teaching .	在音乐教学中 , 可以通过音乐课堂教学的实践 , 把病例教学融入理论教学中 , 与音乐课堂教学的实践 。
this is why the ireland coffee cup is more heatproof than general glass cup , and have the linear reason in color in two golds .	这就是为什么爱尔兰咖啡杯比一般玻璃杯更加热量 , 而且在两个金色中有线性原因 。
these sweeteners are considered safe in moderation so talk with your health care provider about how much nonnutritive sweetener is acceptable during pregnancy .	这些游泳员被认为是安全的 , 所以与您的健康保健服务提供者谈论的 , 在怀孕期间有多少非营养性的游泳员 。
results:it could prevent iatrogenic tumorcell spreading and local seeding through the nontumor technique cooperation at operation strictly .	结果:通过严格的非肿瘤技术合作 , 可以防止血液肿瘤细胞传播和局部种子 。
the paper presented a plan of twodimensional servo four color pattern identification , and its boundary treatment techniques , wh .	本文提出了一种二维伺服四色模式识别的方案 , 以及其边界处理技术 , 为什么 。
a joint sourcechannel decoding scheme implemented by simultaneously decoding and updating parameters based on hmm is proposed .	提出了一种基于hmm的同时解码和更新参数的联合源码解码方案 。
several activators were investigated and evaluated to substitute uop's activator act1 used in benfield process for co2 removal .	研究了几个激活器 , 并对其替代uop的激活器行为1用于co2去除过程中使用的co2 。
so far as " badila " planted in summer was concerned , the number of effective stem and yield were not markedly related to the sowing norm .	迄今为止 " 巴迪拉 " 计划在夏天被关注 , 许多有效干旱和产量不明显相关 。
like " romance of three kingdoms " in the liu bei , the original selling straw sandals , but later to organize the uprising conquer .	就像 " 三国 " 浪漫在刘北 , 原来的销售草原沙子 , 但后来组织上述征服者 。
chaban electronics ltd is a foreign buyer from israel , need to purchase products of telecommunications etc . categories .	chban电子有限公司是一家来自以色列买家 , 需要购买的产品类别包括:电信等 。
we have overcompensated for the lack of customer focus in traditional methodologies—by giving control of prioritization to the product owner/manager .	对于传统的方法来说 , 我们已经完成了缺乏客户的缺乏 , 因此 , 对于产品所有者/经理提供优先化控制 。
when both pieces were finished , arachne saw , to her surprise , that she had been beaten , for the goddess ' design was infinitely superior .	两件事都完成了 , 阿拉克就看见了她的惊讶 , 因此她已经吃了 , 因为上帝的设计无限优越 。
the silts dredged from ocean , lake and river always have different clay contents which lead to different strength of solidified silts .	丝子从海洋、湖泊和河流一直有不同的粘土含量 , 导致土壤的强度不同 。
provincial health department as requested in the provincewide establish and improve maternal and child aids prevention and control system block .	省卫生部要求在省范围内建立 , 提高孕妇和儿童援助预防和控制系统阻止 。
professional: a member of national pest control association of america and china mouse and sanitary pest damage prevention and control association .	专业人员:一名全国森林控制协会的成员 , 美国和中国老鼠和卫生牧师损害预防和控制协会 。
'juhuanao' and 'nanjing yeju' are potential parents in chrysanthemum breeding for small inflorescences .	" 庄园 " 和 " 南京玉 " 是克里桑南美育种的潜在父母 , 是小流动的潜在父母 。
in some cases the salesclerks had just sold the students a pair of shoes — in which they might well have a genuine smile of satisfaction .	在某些情况下 , 销售商只卖了一对鞋子 , 他们可能会有一个真正的微笑的满意 。
the main work and achievements are listed as follows:1 ) selfturnoff pulsewidth modulation for oled grayscale controlling .	主要工作和成就被列为以下:1 ) ) ) 自我创新脉冲宽度调制为旧灰度控制 。
made the supplementation , incorporation , modification and necessary deletion of the tabular forms for technical document of construction completion .	通过对构建完成技术文件的技术文档进行补充、组合、修改和必要删除 。
" the only one with the power to unify the party that has grown hugely is ozawa , " said democratic party lawmaker akihisa nagashima .	民主党议员阿基西萨·纳加马说: " 只有一个能力统一党的政党是ozawa 。 "
that is , 30hour chunks of data which require a search of a spindown parameter as well as sky position . but nothing is set in stone .	这就是 , 30小时的数据 , 需要搜索一个脊柱参数的搜索 , 以及天空位置 , 但是石头没有设置 。
it is unforecasted to know a series of consequences the greenhouse effects may bring about , but the socalled benefits are little to count .	对于了解一系列温室效应可能会带来一定的预测 , 但所谓的利益很少 。
systemicfunctional linguistics and psycholinguistics are considered as two greatly influential linguistic theories in the twentieth century .	二十世纪 , 系统功能语言学和心理学都被视为两个重要影响语言学理论 。
lannes was speaking on saturday at a conference on luxury goods organized by the china europe international business school in shanghai .	兰尼斯星期六在上海国际商学院举办的一次会议上讲话 。
and jesus , immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him , turned him about in the press , and said , who touched my clothes ?	耶稣 , 立刻知道 , 虚拟从他身上走出来 , 把他转到新闻中 , 说 , 谁触摸我的衣服呢 ?
" baitullah mehsud is now taking on the americans , " said talat masood , a retired pakistani general turned analyst .	" 巴特拉·梅斯现在正在美国人采取 , " 华特·马萨德说 , 一个退休的巴基斯坦总统转向分析师说 。
one of the principles of access to nutrients can not make zengpang food , prunes , raisins , and other worthy when this task .	营养物的一个原则之一 , 不能使ngpang食物 , 浆果 , 种族 , 种族 , 以及其它价值 。
" we just need to stress that to people who drink and drive can really cause a lot of heartaches for families and we need to stop that , " said woodridge .	伍德里奇说: " 我们只需要强调那些饮料和驱动的人 , 才能真正引起家庭的听力 , 我们需要停止那么多的心脏 。 "
speaking to reporters , mr . obama said he would devote new energy to diplomacy and other nonmilitary aspects of u . s . global power .	奥巴马对记者说 , 奥巴马先生说 , 他将把新能源挖掘到外交和其他非全球电力方面 。
the inspiration to china is to pay attention to role of strategic oil reserve , to increase exploration input and pluralize the oil impo...	中国的激励是关注战略油储备的角色 , 提高勘探输入 , 提高了油藏的输入和数量化 。
it is characterized by extracapsular invasion , metastasis to the cervical lymph nodes or distant organs and histopathological atypia .	通过外血管侵袭 , 转移到宫颈淋巴结或远端器官或组织学异常的淋巴结 。
the frasnian is a critical time interval for understanding paleodiversity variation before the devonian frasnianfamennian mass extinction event .	弗拉斯尼亚是理解巴勒多样性变化之前的一个关键时间间隔 。
this paper first introduced the concept of the teacherstudent interaction and the basic characteristics of the interaction between teachers and students about to find out .	本文首先介绍了教师互动的概念 , 以及教师与学生之间的互动特点 , 探讨了教师与学生之间的相互作用 。
such cellar recognition events are common to cancer , allergy , viral infection , inflammation , and autoimmune disease .	这种细胞识别活动常见于癌症、过敏、病毒感染、炎症和自身免疫病 。
canfield , c . ed . report of the lst international ecocity conference , urban ecology and cerro gordo town forum . 1990 .	加菲尔德 , 《罗斯国际社会会议》杂志报道 , 城市生态学和cerrogoordo市论坛1990年 。
my parents and me begin to have breakfast in the " pudong " airport after we meet with leader of this journey . we take photo with all accompaniers .	我的父母和我开始在这次旅行的领导人遇见 " 浦东 " 机场的早餐 , 我们和所有的同伴一起照片 。
the index is a value between 0 and 100 , where 100 indicates a lightly loaded server , and 0 is a heavily loaded server .	指数是0和100之间的一个值 , 其中100指数显示了一个轻负载的服务器 , 而0是重负载服务器 。
the effects of recasting on the cv were compared , through directly calculating the castability values of each generation of non ? precious ceramic alloy .	通过直接计算各代非均匀陶瓷合金的稳定性值 , 比较了cv的恢复对cv的影响 。
theoretical analysis and numerical result showed that bifuselage layout was in advantage of single one in view of structure .	理论分析和数值结果表明 , 单个结构的单个优点在于单个结构的基础上 , 分布布布局的优点 。
the natural tightly connection between chaos and fracture is due to the infinite similarities of strange attractor of chaotic dynamic system .	混沌与裂纹之间的自然紧密连接是由于混沌动力系统的无限相似性 。
in addition , it still needs longer follow up to evaluate whether adjuvant chemotherapy can take the place of postoperative radiotherapy .	此外 , 仍然需要更长的跟踪 , 以评估联合化疗治疗是否能够采取术后放射疗法的地方 。
castles and crown golden ...wood and hermit thrush , a type of " bird , " more " than " any program on the horizon retraining .	铸造和棕色金牌..........................................................................................
the company has importexport trade right , and can provide the overall solution of ship automation system and information system for users at home and abroad and corresponding product .	本公司具有进口贸易权 , 可为国内外外和国外用户提供船舶自动化系统和信息系统的全面解决方案 。
this same problem has been seen in the disputes where the propagation ministry of the central government would be made under the executive yuan jurisdiction .	同样的问题在于中央政府的传播部门的争论中 , 将在执行官元法规下进行 。
a great festival would be held , called the yuletide , and a special feast would be served around a fire burning with the yule log .	一个伟大的节日将举行 , 称为玉米 , 一个特殊的节日 , 将会在一场火灾燃烧周围的火灾 。
this article is the first in a series that will take an updated look at wordnet 2 . 0 and how it can be used with xml and rdf technology .	本文首先在一系列将采取更新的视图2.0 , 以及如何使用xml和rdf技术 。
and it was a welcome break for lakers fans , whose defending twotime champions stumbled into the weekend with three losses in a row .	这是湖人球迷的欢迎 , 他在周末的两场比赛中保守了两场比赛 , 两场比赛 , 在一场比赛中丧失了三场比赛 。
or at least that's the case according to a majority of americans and britons polled in a new survey by language app babbel .	至少 , 根据大多数美国人和英国人在语言应用babel调查中调查的案例 , 至少是这个案例 。
there are some who will try to pervert this precedent and use xenophobia or nativist arguments to say that every country should be held to the same standard .	有些人会尝试通过这种预期 , 使用xenophobia或海军主义论证来说 , 每个国家都应该在同一标准中举行 。
for example , if a build suite of 8 , 000 automated test cases generates 600 failures , are you realistically able to handle this ?	例如 , 如果建立了8 , 000个自动测试案例生成600个失败 , 你真正能处理这个问题呢 ?
such collaborators could hardly claim a substantial share of the authorship but they would have welldefined tasks , not interfering with other men's work .	这样的合作者几乎不能指责权威的大量股份 , 但是他们将有很好的任务 , 不会与其他男性的工作相互干扰 。
when liberty goes too far and the voice of social equality arises in the social reality , the system can and should tilts in favor of equality ;	当自由太远 , 社会平等的声音在社会现实中出现的时候 , 制度可以和平等的倾斜 ;
decanter also noted that china is already moët’s biggest market for its hennessy cognac , and that the champagne market on the mainland is growing each year .	决定者还注意到 , 中国已经对其亨利·科尼克的最大的市场 , 每年在大陆的竞选市场都在增长 。
the best of america's skaters beamed for the camera . mostly young , they laughed and giggled , their eyes dancing with excitement .	美国最好的滑雪者为摄像机拍摄 , 大多数年轻人笑着 , 他们的眼睛跳舞着兴奋的眼睛 。
it became ever more elaborate and expensive during the postwar boom when big companies ruled the roost and when international competition was muted .	当大公司规定了屋顶和国际竞争的时候 , 就变得更加聪明和昂贵 。
strangely , since then the world’s banks and news organisations have not rushed to rummage through dustmen’s economic forecasts .	奇怪的是 , 由于世界银行和新闻组织的银行和新闻组织并没有通过尘埃曼的经济预测来破坏 。
as with divisions , there are many user initiated events , such as when a user clicks or double clicks within a tag's display space .	随着分割 , 很多用户启动的事件 , 例如当用户单击或两个单击标签显示空间内的显示空间中 。
because cheapy chinese goods are more profitable for the major retailers to handle , they have tended to overemphasize these lower priced items in their promotions .	由于廉价的中国商品对主要零售商来说更适合 , 他们倾向于超过这些低价格的产品在他们的推广中 。
entry to the official stand and stand of honour is therefore controlled at designated pel events by accreditation and tickets jointly and not separately .	因此 , 通过接受和票票共同分别控制 , 进入官方的标准和标准 。
infectious agents present in stools of infected persons are transmitted to uninfected persons through contaminated food or water that is ingested by mouth .	感染剂在感染者的存储中传播到感染者通过污染的食物或口腔污染的食物或水中传播出来 。
jr: we have not looked in detail to any other platform yet , but we are sure there are more platforms , applications and sites vulnerable to the same attack .	jr:我们还没有详细的查看任何其他平台 , 但是我们确保有更多的平台、应用程序和网站可投入同样的攻击 。
main problems in the reform of the state owned enterprises lie in the sluggishness of the reform of banking system and in the stagnancy of the development of securities market .	国有企业改革的主要问题在于银行制度改革和证券市场稳定性的改革中 , 存在着不足的问题 。
it is the neocivilization view that the core is seeking common ground while reserving differences , peaceful coexistence , codevelopment .	是新的文明观点 , 核心正在寻找共同的地面 , 而储备差异 , 和平的共同存在 , 代码开发 。
music and literature have the characteristic of an exchange in function either in the respect of the choice of the theme or in the forming of artistic structure .	音乐和文学的特点在于艺术结构的主题选择或形成的角度 , 都有交流的特点 。
this article proposes the risk recognition featurefactor modeling technology , which is set up on the basis of checklist and flow chart .	本文提出了一种基于检查列表和流量图的风险识别技术 , 建立了风险识别技术 。
fasteners at locations connecting panelstostiles shall utilize throughbolted , stainless steel , pinin head torx sex bolt fasteners .	连接板的位置的密集器应该利用不锈钢、无锈钢、钢、钢铁、钢铁、钢铁、钢铁、耐磨性螺栓密封 。
in the teaching of probability and statistics , the parameters estimation of linear regression is given by the method of the extremum of function .	在概率和统计学的基础上 , 提出了线性回归的参数估计方法 , 利用函数极大法给出了线性回归的参数 。
petty revenges are causing too many deaths of innocents . the culprits are blinded by hatred , they don't think about the consequences .	宠物的收益正在引起太多的无辜死亡 , 这些文化被隐蔽 , 他们并不认为后果 。
during wei and jin dynasties , the activities of chinese and foreign buddhist limited to the point and the line , lacking of largescale spread .	在魏晋时期 , 中国和外国佛教的活动有限于指向点和线 , 缺乏大规模传播 。
the sheet of water is healthy , it comes from heaven in the first place and next from the earth ; the sheet of air is unhealthy , it comes from the sewer .	水的表面是健康的 , 来自天空的第一个地方和下一个地方 , 空气的表面是不健康的 , 它来自污水 。
the razor spam filter provides a serverbased service where you can report spam so that other more users can benefit from your identifying the email as spam .	razorspam滤波器提供了一个基于服务器的服务器的服务器 , 这样 , 其他用户可以从您的电子邮件中获益 。
i personally don’t enjoy wearing music because i enjoy running , but it is hard for me to be confident because i have only done a 5 mile race .	我个人不喜欢穿着音乐 , 因为我喜欢跑步 , 但我很难自信 , 因为我只做了5英里的比赛 。
the internet was not a popular hunting ground except in portugal , where about half the surveyed men and women opted to find people online .	除了在葡萄牙的葡萄牙 , 网上并没有一个流行的猎物地 , 外 , 大约有一半被调查的男性和女性选择在线找到人们 。
this paper explores the characteristics of translation clause in the domains of space , possession and property from the perspective of conceptual frame .	本文从概念框架的角度探讨了翻译条件在空间领域中的特点、空间、有权和性质的特点 。
ripe and polished , a supple red with raspberry and chocolate flavors , finishing with plum and spice , lingering effortlessly .	成熟 , 粉红 , 带有红莓和巧克力的味道 , 完成了水和香料 , 无法努力 。
you may feel frustrated with the seemingly slow progress you're making in life . remember that god is never in a hurry , but he is always on time .	你可能会感到沮丧 , 看起来很慢的进步 , 你会记得上帝从来没有匆忙 , 但他总是在时间里 。
for most of us , and especially those of us who have long lists of people who expect us to be back in touch with them , we need “kaizen” programs of our own .	对于大多数人来说 , 尤其是那些拥有长期的人们 , 希望我们能够回到触摸他们 , 我们需要 " 公民 " 的计划 。
since the letizia scandal , berlusconi has also been fending off accusations of cavorting with escorts who were paid to attend his parties .	自从瑞西亚丑闻以来 , 伯卢斯康尼还在与那些参加他的党的科技人员相关指责 。
not only had sophie witnessed the fullblown ritual , but her own grandfather had been the celebrant... the grand master of the priory of sion .	不仅是苏菲见证了全吹的仪式 , 而且她自己的祖父却是著名的...国王的祖母 。
though the holt strategy was smart and johnson was willing to fight it out as old versus new , there were two problems with holts approach .	虽然酒店战略聪明 , 约翰逊愿意把它当作旧版本新 , 但有两个问题与酒店的方法相比 。
no to mention cutting off from internet game , even my most hardworking and boring friends , they were complaining and had been trying to log in their msn .	不要提到从网络游戏中削减 , 即使我最艰苦的工作 , 甚至我最困难的朋友们 , 他们正在抱怨并已试图在他们的msn中登录 。
the flame normalizing treatments were put forward on steel rail with flash welding , gas pressure welding and aluminium heat welding .	针对钢铁火焰正常化处理 , 提出了燃烧焊接、气压焊接和铝焊接的火焰正常化处理方法 。
however , before he could finish the feet , another man finished and grabbed the jar from him , saying , " who has ever seen a snake with feet ? "	然而 , 在他能完成脚之前 , 另一个人完成了 , 然后从他那里抓住了枪 , 说: " 谁曾经看过一只蛇吗 ? "
of a decidedly philosophical bent , it does best in areas where planning , theorizing , reorganization and preparation play a primary role .	理论、理论、重组、制备和制备的主要角色 , 在规划、规划、理论、理论、理论、理论、重组、重组和制备方面做出了最好的作用 。
we end up in an endless cycle of spending and debt and working more and more , and end up with lives filled with goods but empty of meaning and happiness .	我们结束了一个无穷的支出和债务的周期 , 更多地工作 , 尽管有货物 , 但意义和幸福的空间 。
additionally , websphere everyplace access provides a solution for the occasionallyconnected portal user through access to offline portlets .	另外 , websphere每个地址访问提供了一个解决偶尔连接的门户通过访问离线portlet访问来提供一个解决方案 。
there are several hundred english verbs that can introduce a reporting clause and a classification of them is made by logical and semantic criteria .	有几百个英语动词 , 可以引入报告 , 以及由逻辑和语义标准制作的一类英语动词 。
dr white looked at the records of 8 , 000 people dating back to the 1970s who had all had their iq measured at the ages of five and ten .	白医生看了800人在1970年代的记录 , 回到世纪70年代 , 他们的iq测量了5岁和十岁 。
to have any hope of success , olpc recognizes it needs to get away from the goitalone model that characterized the manufacture of the xo machine .	为了有任何希望的成功 , olpc识别它需要从目标模型中获得离开 , 特征xo机制造的目标模型 。
you must bind a view to this control before you can edit the view . doubleclick the view control to select an existing view or create a new one .	您必须在您可以编辑视图之前绑定这个控制视图 , 双击视图控制来选择现有的视图或创建一个新的视图 。
dwdm technology has been widely used in longdistance communications , but its high system cost has greatly limited its application into metro area networks .	dwdm技术已广泛应用于长期的通信 , 但它的高系统成本很大限制了其应用于metro区域网络 。
you can implement this solution in the memorybased object cache and by sharing objects on certain servers across the whole cluster .	您可以在基于记忆的对象缓存中实现这个解决方案 , 并通过在整个集群中分享对象 。
in a lan using a bus topology , a segment is a continuous electrical circuit that is often connected to other such segments with repeaters .	在一个线路拓扑中 , 一个段是一个连续的电路 , 通常与其它部件相连的电路相连 。
one of the senior sisters of , maiev shadowsong , had already shown her competence in guarding illidan before he was brought to trial .	玛丽夫·影斯强的一位高级妹之一 , 已经证明了她在他带来试验之前的竞争力 。
when obama was a candidate for president in 2008 , he promised to " take [china] to the mat " on the issues of trade and currency .	奥巴马在2008年成为总统的候选人 , 他承诺 " 拿到 " 芝拿 " 到了贸易和货币问题 。
with increase of one of the perturbation frequencies , the number of the spectral regions and its variation will be different for different dispersion regimes .	随着渗透频率的增加 , 光谱区域的数量和不同分散政策的变化也不同 。
do your best every time you pick up your instrument or open your mouth–it’s all about building on good habits and communicating with your peeps .	每次你每次拿起你的仪器或打开你的嘴巴 , 都是建立好习惯 , 和你的嘴巴交流 。
goaldirected action is a basic trait of biology , which is also an important standard for identifying whether the entity is alive .	目标直接行动是生物学的基本特征 , 也是鉴定实体是否生存的重要标准 。
" our interest is that things go back where they were before after olympics , " vuylsteke says . " otherwise this will have an impact on business plans . "	" 我们的兴趣是 , 他们在奥运会之前回到哪里 , " 维耶尔斯特克说 , " 否则这对商业计划有影响 。
the xi'an quality and technical supervision bureau coined an english name for the burger in order to further promote the food .	西安质量和技术监督局联合了一个英国名字 , 为了进一步促进食品 。
the british council's global campaign to raise awareness about climate change and the energy challenges facing the world's cities .	英国议会全球竞争对气候变化的认识和世界城市面临的能源挑战 。
google's technology requires a little forethought from the merchant , but seems simple and safe in its execution .	谷歌的技术要求从商人中获得一点钱 , 但看起来很简单 , 安全 。
the steel frames resist lateral loads applied in the short direction while diagonal bracing stabilizes the building longitudinally .	钢框架在短方向上应用 , 同时 , 横向拉伸稳定了建筑的稳定性 。
exhibited in the historical exhibition zone on the eastern side are mostly objects illustrating the glorious progress of china's railway ;	展览在东方的历史展览区 , 主要是对我国铁路的光明进展进行了探讨 ;
hope this piece of information is of importance to your health in relation to eating instant noodles and please apply this cooking method with immediate effect .	希望这样的信息对您的健康保健有重要意义 , 请直接应用这种烹饪方法 。
but in the process of the industrialization management of rivercrab seedling growth industry , there are certain problems need to solve quickly .	然而在工业化管理的过程中 , 河流种子生长产业的发展过程中 , 需要迅速解决的问题 。
this paper analysed the main reasons that influence the performance of cyclinder head , valve and valve seat in internal combustion engine .	本文分析了影响圆柱头的性能、阀座、内燃机内燃气发动机的主要原因 。
the volunteers were informed that the alt key was faulty , and that if it was pressed the computer would crash and all the experimental data would be lost .	志愿者被发现 , lt关键是错误的 , 而且如果计算机压缩 , 所有的实验数据都会失去 。
the loss of performance is mainly caused by the cutoff plug , the roundtosquare thruster chamber and the opened base of plug .	主要原因是由cutof插件引起的性能损失 , 圆形推力室和插件开放的基础 。
for he pant isocracy ruled by america , u . s . makes great efforts to increase the " exporting democracy " strategy .	对于美国而言 , 美国的支持分配规则 , 美国使得 " 出口民主 " 战略有很大的努力 。
and america's catholic bishops only last week announced they were finally going to get serious about opposing the death penalty .	上周 , 美国的天主教教徒只宣布他们最终会对死刑的严重反对 。
liliane la fleur: directing a movie is a very overrated job , we all know it . you just have to say yes or no . what else do you do ? nothing .	莉莉安·拉尔弗里斯:导演一部电影是一个非常过度的工作 , 我们都知道它 , 你必须说是的 , 还是没有什么呢 ?
the object of this thesis is to study the uniqueness problems of meromorphic functions and meromorphic mappings in several complex variables .	本论文的对象是研究几种复杂的变量中形态函数和形态映射的独特性问题 。
hemodynamically stable supraventricular arrhythmias may be treated conservatively with observation and discontinuation of digoxin .	血液动力稳定的超声心动力障碍性心动力障碍患者可保持观察和鉴别糖尿素的保护作用 。
khaki tote bags and metallic suede clutch bags appeal to you , since you want your accessories to be as eclectic as you are .	哈基把袋子和金属支持袋子吸引到你身上 , 因为你想要你的配件就像电子一样 。
you must add the plugins for websphere application server community edition by clicking the link labeled don't see your server listed ?	您必须添加websphereapplicationserver社区版本的插件 , 以克服链接标签不能看到您的服务器列表吗 ?
catalytic activity of six inorganic salts in the esterification of acetic acid with isoamyl alcohol was studied .	研究了六种有机盐的催化活性 , 用isoamyl醇酯化法研究了六种有机盐的催化活性 。
objective to investigate the therapeutic outcomes of anemia by means of invigorating the kidney , reinforcing spleen and generating blood .	目的通过调查肾脏、加强脾气和生殖血液的方法 , 探讨贫血的临床疗效 。
the adjoint variable method for design sensitivity analysis of multibody system dynamics based on ordinary differential equations is presented .	提出了基于普通微分方程的多体系统动力学的设计灵敏度分析方法 。
a scanner of holes in cgi is implemented in multithread technology . its scan speed is very quick and holes are easily extended .	在多线程技术中实现了一个扫描器 , 扫描速度很快 , 扫描速度很容易扩展 。
the overtly sexual nature of the body compels the viewer into the position of voyeur , only to reveal itself as an inanimate object .	身体的整体性质 , 使观众的位置变成了视觉 , 只能揭示自己作为一个不正常的对象 。
acording to the point of views of principle of equivalence theory , the translated brand names should achieve a perfect linguistic u...	针对等价理论原则的观点 , 翻译品牌名称应该实现完美的语言学u 。
if the output stream was stdout , and if it was not redirected to a file or a pipe , the selected pages will appear on the screen .	如果输出流是稳定的 , 如果没有修改到文件或管道 , 那么选择的页面就会出现在屏幕上 。
probe configurations for circumferential , longitudinal and mid wall defects . also for thickness verification and couplant monitoring .	探讨了环境偏差、纵向和中壁缺陷的概念配置 , 也为厚度验证和辅助监测提供了依据 。
without opel , gm’s promises to build a fleet of smaller and more fuelefficient cars in north america would lack conviction .	没有opel , gm的承诺建立了一个小型和更多的自由汽车 , 美国北部的汽车会缺乏通信 。
ab process is used in zibo city wastewater treatment plant to treat municipal wastewater in which more than 80 percent is industrial wastewater .	在zibo市废水处理厂中 , 采用ab工业废水处理工业废水的工业废水量超过80% 。
agrees equally well with red meat dishes , blue fish and harder cheeses , and as a dessert , especially with chocolate cake .	同意红肉菜 , 蓝鱼和更难奶酪同意 , 尤其是巧克力蛋糕 。
this comprehensive resource includes an international panel of contributors who are leading academics and practitioners in the field .	这个综合资源包括一个国际支持者 , 他们正在领域领导学术和实践者的国际支持者 。
he drank deep from the vapors that welled from the font , learning to blend his spirit with the potency that flowed from far beneath the house ;	他喝着深深的水汽 , 学会把自己的精神从房子里流出来 , 远处流出来 ;
the review of the nation’s nuclear policy is the first since 2001 and the third since the end of the cold war two decades ago .	自2001年以来 , 全国核政策的评论是自2001年以来第三次冷战结束以来的第三次 。
the individuals involved in this campaign are not only scientifically uninformed , but show absolutely no interest in becoming better informed .	这个活动中涉及的个人不仅是科学上未知的 , 而且不仅仅显示出了很好的感兴趣 。
the selfdeveloped light oil reforming catalyst has well performed in hydrogen production and has substituted the import ones completely at home .	自开发的轻油改革催化剂在氢化生产中具有良好的作用 , 完全替代了进口产品 。
i'm sure everyone here joins me in wishing you two , sessyoumaru and kikyou , the very best that life has to offer you in your marriage .	我确保每个人都在这里加入我 , 祝愿你们两个 , 谢尔和基玉 , 最好的生活必须在你的婚姻中提供你 。
it can be distributed on several client machines and is able to simulate thousands of virtual users concurrently in various scenarios .	它可以分布在几台客户机上 , 并且能够模拟成千上万虚拟用户在各种场景中 。
the vibrated fluidized bed has been used widely in the chemical industry , metallurgy and food industry for drying particle material .	振动液化床已广泛应用于化学工业、冶金工业、干燥粒子材料中 。
because we've recognized this trend early , we can redistribute our resources to sharpen our focus on criticalpath activities .	因为我们早期认识到这个趋势 , 我们可以重新分布我们的资源 , 以减少我们的关键路径活动 。
live life in a constant state of awareness , with peaceful thoughts , a dash of forcefulness , and a good measure of faith and spirituality .	生活在不断的意识状态中 , 和平的思想 , 是一个有力的 , 以及信仰和精神的良好措施 。
objective to analyze the clinical characteristics and to appraise the diagnostic criteria and surgical methods of glossopharyngeal neuralgia .	目的分析临床特点 , 评价全球神经外科诊断标准及手术方法 。
most cases were in obvious regional assembled distribution , the cases in northern towns accounted for 78 . 51% of total cases .	大多数病例在明显的区域组装分布中 , 北部城市占78.51%的总体病例占78.51% 。
the householders celebrate it jointly suspending all their business , agricultural and commercial activities for the time being .	家庭持有者庆祝他们的业务、农业和商业活动 。
with continuous product upgrades , implementation of multifiber blended idea , cotton spinning enterprises growing fiber to create value .	随着持续的产品升级 , 多纤维混合理念的实现 , 棉纺企业生长纤维来创造价值 。
overall , 53 per cent of the french people believe mr sarkozy makes " a good president " , compared to 41 per cent in may .	总体来说 , 53%的法国人相信萨科齐先生做出了 " 好总统 " , 与5月份的41%相比 。
resourcehouse said it would supply 30m tons of coal a year to the chinese company , at a price of about $3b a year , starting from about 2014 .	资源家表示 , 今年将为中国公司提供3000万吨煤炭 , 在一年的3亿美元 , 从2014年开始 。
this personal development strategy and tips section offers great suggestions on how to change your behaviour , learn new skills and change personality traits .	这个个人开发策略和提示部分对如何改变你的行为 , 学习新的技能和变化个性特点提出了很大的建议 。
resizes a data handle based on the data structure of an argument that you pass to the cin . this function does not set the array dimension field .	根据一个参数的数据结构 , 将数据处理器重新定位于cin中 , 这个函数不会设置阵列维字段 。
amazon web services , which rents computing capacity in its giant data centres to customers , has also won a reputation for being cheap .	亚马逊网络服务 , 租赁能力在其巨大的数据中心租赁能力 , 同时也赢得了名誉廉价 。
the pro version obviously offers more features than the free version and frostwire claims to be the free version of limewire pro .	这个版本显然比自由版本和frostwire提供了更多的特点 , 是limewire的自由版本 。
furthermore , kdd cup99 data set is implemented to evaluate the proposed method . the results show the outstanding performance of the proposed method .	此外 , 实现了kdcdcp9数据集 , 实现了该方法的最佳性能 。
kristin was one of those vivacious teens who loved jesus and lived for him—and whose sudden death leaves us with a million questions .	克里斯汀是爱耶稣的一个残酷的青少年之一 , 为他生活在他身上 , 突然死亡了我们 , 数百万的问题 。
it is enough to make us feel good . after outsourcing work and torture . after the marriage agencies are now outsourcing even our love life , daily .	这足以让我们感觉很好 , 保险工作和耐磨之后 , 婚姻机构现在正在外包 , 即使我们的爱 , 日常生活 。
also last year , the financial times acquired moneymedia , an online provider of news for fund managers that charges a subscription fee .	去年 , 金融时间收购了金融媒体 , 一个网上经理负责订阅费用的新闻提供者 。
you might start waking up earlier to get used to your new schedule or plan a trip to the new museum exhibit you've been hoping to catch .	你可能早些时候开始醒来 , 用来找到你的新计划 , 或者计划一个新的博物馆展览 , 您已经希望接受 。
ms min q crane , do you really want to marry jennifer ? crane people answer jennifer will be the saviour of our thai jiang group .	明亮的qcrane先生 , 你真的想娶詹妮弗 ? 克雷恩人回答詹妮弗将是我们的泰国江集团的救生 。
than shwe is expected to meet with president hu jintao , premier wen jiabao and other senior chinese officials during his fiveday visit .	希望在五天的访问中 , 温家宝总理和其他高级官员都会面对胡锦涛总统、温家宝总理和其他高级官员 。
ym: when i was young , i watched a lot of hakim olajuwon play , charles barkley , of course michael jordan .	ym:当我年轻时 , 我看到了很多海克姆奥拉姆·奥拉杰文剧 , 查尔斯·巴克利 , 当然迈克尔·约旦 。
this is how one leaves behind fear based thoughtform and integrates the unity based thoughtform associated with the language of light .	这是一种基于恐惧的思想形式的叶子 , 集成了基于统一的思想形式与光的语言相关的联系 。
perfectly eatable fruit and vegetable crops often fail to reach supermarkets due to their size or physical appearance .	完美的食用水果和蔬菜作物经常不能达到超市 , 因为它们的尺寸或物理的外观 。
the project will utilize the powerbuoy technology ocean power technologies which consists of modular , oceangoing buoys .	这个项目将利用能源购买技术的海洋电力技术 , 这些技术由模块、海洋购物组成 。
the theory of cooperative learning which is applied in english reading class in high school can change the traditional teachercentered teaching type .	高中英语阅读课的合作学习理论可以改变传统的教学型 。
additionally , the stamp was released in 1980 , a particularly lucky 'golden monkey' year that only occurs once every 60 years .	另外 , 在1980年发布的邮票发布在1980年 , 特别是幸运的 " 格鲁登monkey " 年仅发生了一次60年 。
however , if the list is twodimensional , then you often want to " unpack " the contents of each nested list as it is iterated . you could do that like so	然而 , 如果列表是二维 , 那么你经常想要 " 不包 " 的内容 , 就像迭代的那样 , 就可以这样做 。
this measure can not only ensure the safe and rapid withdrawal of powered support from the face , but also largely reduce the removal cost of the face .	这种措施不仅能保证力量的安全和快速的支持 , 而且大部分减少了脸部的消除成本 。
first , procedures were completed in a highvolume hospital by experienced surgeons specializing in total joint arthroplasty .	首先 , 在高卷医院完成过程中 , 经过经验的外科医生专业化 , 全关节动脉移植 。
for me , marketing works for society when the marketer and consumer are both aware of what's happening and are both satisfied with the ultimate outcome .	对于我来说 , 市场者和消费者来说 , 市场的营销工作都在意识到发生的事情 , 都满足了最终成果 。
from the early days of popular use of the internet , the rallying cry was that cyberspace was the new frontier , subject to no law .	从网络的早期使用中 , 网络空间是网络空间 , 主题没有法律 。
but this expiation did not satisfy two sainted women , madame courtin , marquise de boucs , and the comtesse de chateauvieux .	但是这种感觉并没有满足两个圣诞的女性 , 马达米·科林 , 马奎斯·德博克斯 , 和委员会德·查特维乌克斯 。
china also being a member of it , has made many basic laws plus separate law , administration laws and local laws and rules and so on .	中国也是一个成员 , 使许多基本法律更加独立 , 行政法律和当地法律等 。
first , full disclosure: i'm not what you would call a heavy user of locationbased social networking services . i have no mayorships .	首先 , 全部披露:我不会叫做一个基于位置的社会网络服务的重用户 。 我没有市长 。
an icelisa for detecting fumonisin b2 of maizena was developed by using the coating antigen of ovafb2 and competitive antigen of fb2 .	利用ovafb2的抗原和fb2的抗原抗原 , 研制了一种用于测定疟疾b2的冰激素b2 。
so learn your first word , " lekker " [le'ka] , adj . meaning " good/nice " for anythings from food to girls .	所以 , 学习你的第一句话 , " 莱克尔 " [leka]] , 意味着 " 好/好 " 来自食品到女孩的任何东西 。
he is best known for his confrontational go no go project on migration in europe , for which he received the visa d'or and the care award .	他最好是他对面对的 , 不会在欧洲移民上迁徙 , 因为他收到签证d'or和照顾奖 。
the result shows that the two processes had characters of good applicability for water quality during high algaeladen and good treatment efficiency , low cost as well .	结果表明 , 两种工艺具有较好的应用价值 , 具有较好的水质特点 , 具有良好的处理效率 , 低成本 。
four patients with lung cancer had negative findings on 18ffdg coincidence images but showed positive serum markers .	肺癌的四个患者在18ffdg合并图像中有负面的发现 , 但显示阳性血清标记符 。
softtothetouch fabric and powerful compression meet chic design and thoughtful details for stylish shaping you'll want to wear every day .	柔软的触摸织物和强大的压缩符合ic设计和思想的细节 , 每天你都要穿的衣服 。
and you’ll need to follow the rather formal dress code of the period no trainers , no jeans , and gents , wear a jacket and tie .	然而 , 你需要跟随时代的正式服装代码 , 没有训练员 , 没有牛仔 , 还有柔软 , 穿着夹克和轮胎 。
this should help your jobhunting prospects , for you will be able to get a side job if you need one or develop more business for your company , with better fees , too .	这应该帮助您的工作预期 , 因为你可以获得一个副工作 , 如果你需要一个或开发更多的业务 , 还有更好的费用 。
addin china's lack of male educators and the book has a strong argument: chinese boys are developing in a predominately female environment .	加入中国男教育者缺乏雄性教育者和书籍有着强烈的论点:中国男孩正在发展在一个初期的女性环境中 。
the algorithm is applied to the docking of several simple model molecules and the docking between the benzamidine and hiv 1 protease .	该算法适用于几种简单的模拟分子和苯胺和hiv1蛋白酶之间的堆积 。
one in five managers also said being kept awake at night meant they were more likely to make mistakes , the mori poll of 1 , 006 people revealed .	五位经理还说 , 晚上一直在醒来 , 意味着他们更有可能使错误 , 莫里的1 , 006人透露 。
why , the doctor told me this morning that your chances for getting well real soon were let's see exactly what he said he said the chances were ten to one !	为什么今天早上 , 医生告诉我 , 你的机会很快就让我们看到他所说的机会是十个 !
each call gets its own activation record , so each time it is called the variables get their own storage space within that activation record .	每个调用都得到了自己的活动记录 , 所以每次它都叫做变量的时候 , 所以每次都会在这个活动记录中获得自己的存储空间 。
on 13 june , donors pledged more than $4 billion to support the work of gavi , an amount that exceeded anyone’s wildest dreams .	13年6月13日 , 捐赠者承认了4亿美元支持加维的工作 , 超过任何人最大的梦想 。
businessman gary vaynerchuk used his knowledge of wine to create the successful wine library tv , a daily video blog show about wine .	商人gryvaynerchuk使用他的知识 , 创建成功的葡萄酒图书馆电视 , 日常的视频博客展示了酒 。
once a week a man named gary , mr . calver 's cheeseturner , comes in and turns it to redistribute the moisture within .	一周一旦一个名叫加里的男人 , 卡尔弗先生的奶酪人 , 来到了 , 把它改造在内部的水分 。
but we would need space rockets using techonology from scifi series star trek to help us reach hospitable planets orbiting other stars .	但是 , 我们需要利用科菲系列明星trek技术来帮助我们达到可持续的星球轨道 , 来帮助我们到达其他星球轨道 。
" getting a credit card if you have bad credit is harder than it used to be , " says odysseas papadimitrou . " but they are still available .	" 如果你有坏信用卡比以前的信用更难 , " odysaspadimitulu说 , " 但是他们仍然可以用 。
i love thee with testosterone receptors deep in my hypothalamus . i love thee with dopamine that floods my primitive lizard brain .	我喜欢与睾酮受体深处于我的假设中 , 我喜欢与多巴胺一起洪水我原始的蜥蜴大脑 。
next time you take a pojo and slap on an annotation to turn it into an ejb , you can give a little thanks to the openejb team .	接下来的时候 , 您需要一个pojo , 将它转换成ejb , 您可以给openejb团队带来一点感谢 。
people decide to become a vegetarian for many reasons . some common motivators include the environment , animal rights , and health .	人们决定成为许多原因 , 一些常见的动机包括环境、动物权利和健康的原因 。
china’s coal mines certainly kill 2 , 0003 , 000 workers a year , and coalsmogged air there and elsewhere kills many more .	中国的煤矿一定杀死了一年的2 , 003万名工人 , 煤矿在那里 , 还有其他地方杀死了更多的地方 。
the majority of research on memory is focused , as you might expect , on the remembering side of things how much , how accurate and so on .	大多数对记忆的研究焦点是集中在于 , 因为你可能会期望 , 记住 , 事情的一面 , 如何准确 , 等 。
as routine displaces novelty , we may be tempted to shift our attention to someone new and taste again the thrill of romantic love .	正如路透的小说一样 , 我们可能试图把我们的注意力转移到某个人 , 再次尝试再次尝试浪漫的爱情 。
for example , it's common to set an alias , which expands to 'ls l' , for a long listing of a directory or list of files .	例如 , 通常是设置alias , 它扩展到 " l' , 对于一个目录或文件列表的长期清单 。
“the biggest challenge is getting this unregulated and unorganized system under a single umbrella for providing universal access , ” says duggal .	杜格尔说: " 最大的挑战是在单伞下获得这种不规定的和不组织的系统 , 为提供普遍的访问提供提供提供提供提供提供提供了一个普遍的挑战 。 "
the diesel engine emissions aftertreatment has received a lot of attentions with increasingly stringent emission standards for diesel engines .	柴油发动机排放后处理已经接受了很多关注 , 以增加柴油发动机排放标准的关注 。
in this view of fat necrosis at high magnification , some lipidladen macrophages are seen between the necrotic adipose tissue cells .	在此基础上 , 高磁化的脂肪神经网络中 , 一些脂肪组织细胞之间被视为神经脂肪细胞 。
the main types of soil degradation were of poor nutrients , poor microorganism , bad structure , basification and heavy drought .	土壤降解的主要类型较差 , 营养量较差 , 微生物差 , 结构坏 , 基础化和重量干旱 。
method:through takes the ligamentum interspinalia and the intervertebral disc overhang in 56 surgery the pathology observations were analyzed .	方法:对56例手术中56例手术中椎间盘及椎间盘上垂的临床观察进行分析 。
u . s . secretary of state hillary clinton on saturday called the north's provocations and statements 'deeply regrettable . '	周六 , 美国国务卿希拉里·克林顿星期六称为北方的宣言和声明 " 深刻遗憾 " 。
if you pay with debit card at certain shops you can take an additional sum from your account at no extra charge . this is often called " cashback " .	如果你在某些商店付出债务卡 , 你可以从账户中拿出额外的总结 , 这通常叫做 " 现金回报 " 。
pigeons scatter as a man walks home after offering prayers at a nearby temple at bashantapur durbar square in kathmandu .	皮吉隆斯在凯瑟曼德乌附近的巴什堡大街附近的一座寺庙里 , 作为一个男人走回家 。
seedorf then went into the book for a late challenge on martins . although the rossoneri continued to look the more dangerous side coming forward .	然而 , 尽管罗斯尼里继续寻找更危险的边缘 , 尽管罗斯尼里继续寻找更多的危险的边缘 。
the fitted line in the figure is a 3rddegree polynomial , but any sort of smoothing would tell you that there is a massive upward trend .	图中配合的线是一个3rd程度的多项性 , 但是任何类型的光滑都会告诉你 , 这种方式有大量的上升趋势 。
if a firm wants to place a bet on falling interest rates , for example , it can simply have its marketmaking unit build up its inventory of bonds .	例如 , 如果一家公司希望在下跌利率上放置更好的话 , 那么它只能有它的市场制造单元建立它的债券库存 。
from " big haven is an old strategy " angle , discussed become the value that makes strong fuzhou harbor greatly and necessity .	从 " 大型战略 " 角度出发 , 论述了 " 大型战略 " 的价值 , 使福州港产生了很大的必要性 。
you acknowledge and agree that you can enjoy member benefits upon payment of the annual fee for membership and relevant facilities fee .	您承认 , 同意 , 你可以享受成员支付年费用 , 为成员费用和相关设施费用的收益 。
about onethird of basketball shoes are actually purchased to play basketball in , according to industry analyst marshal cohen .	根据行业分析师马什尔·科恩说 , 大约三分之一的篮球鞋子实际上是购买篮球的 。
mike hulme , a climate policy expert at the university of east anglia in norwich , uk , says that social effects are also unpredictable .	英国东安利亚大学气候政策专家mikehulme表示 , 社会效应也不可预料 。
fangsheng bridge is the longest , largest and tallest stone bridge , with five openings both in zhujiajiao and in the shanghai region .	梁梁是上海地区最长、最高、最高、最高的石桥 , 拥有五个开放在庄家桥和上海地区 。
besides the difference that popularizes degree , definitive inadequacy also is to restrict pay treasure copyist people one big handicap .	除了流行程度的差异外 , 定义的不平等也是限制支付财政主义者一个大手册 。
the new overhaul of financial regulation did nothing to address the companies , even though they played a central role in inflating the housing bubble .	金融监管的新出现并没有什么地址公司 , 即使他们发挥了一个中心的作用 , 即使是他们对房屋泡沫发挥了影响 。
luis suarez has been charged by the fa following the onfield spat with patrice evra during united's 11 draw at anfield last month .	路易斯·苏雷斯上个月在安菲尔德的11场比赛中被球迷追随了前场的空间 。
somehow our path took us toward the park , across the footbridge high above the rolling waters of the los angeles river . ( n . rigg .	有些人把我们带到公园里 , 穿过足桥高高的地方 , 上面是洛杉矶河的滚水 。
the manchester united man missed euro 2004 after missing the test in september 2003 , and it is an episode that clearly still rankles with the player .	曼联在2003年9月失踪了欧元2004年9月的测试后 , 曼联人失踪了欧元 , 并且这是一个与球员相关的情节 。
in the other part , the improvement of dissolubility of sulfadiazine and aspirin entericcoated tablet is studied with surfactant as modifier .	另一部分 , 研究了硫化亚胺和阿司匹林进入片的溶解性 , 作为改性剂的改性 。
the effects of moca /e ratio and amount of the fillers on the physical properties and the heat air ageing of the pu elastomer were discussed .	讨论了moca/e比对填充物理性能的影响及pu弹性体的热空气年龄的影响 。
the calculated results show that the limit values of axial compression ratio of src columns are generally % higher than those of rc columns .	计算结果表明 , rc柱轴压缩比对rc系数的有限值一般比rc系数高于rc系数的有限值 。
to organize the general administration sponsored fights against counterfeit and defective products and other illegal activities at origin ;	为了组织对抗伪造和缺陷产品和其他非法活动的一般行政赞助的战斗 ;
the result shows that the leopoldwolman relationship cannot discriminate channel patterns well when both gravel and sandbed rivers are considered .	结果表明 , 同时 , 由于灰度和沙床河流的时候 , 叶尔多尔曼关系不能辨别通道模式 。
examples of common devices that are poorly designed ergonomically include the snow shovel and the computer or typewriter keyboard .	常用设备的例子很差 , 包括雪鞋和计算机或类型的关键板 。
from the current situation , the european development of civilparty government is likely to once again successfully break through the barrier .	从目前的情况下 , 欧洲的民事党政府的发展可能会再次突破破破破破裂 。
the method adopts horse liver tissues as raw materials to prepare dry acetone powder of horse liver alcohol dehydrogenase ;	本方法采用马利肝组织作为原材料制备马利酒精脱氢酶的干净粉末 ;
a transparent conductive ito antireflection layer is generated on a top layer of the amorphous silicon thin film subbattery .	利用非晶硅薄膜子电池的顶层生成了一种透明的导电剂 。
most entrepreneurs are passionate about a particular market or technology , and putting a sales hat on does not come naturally to them . that is okay .	大多数企业家都热衷于一个特殊市场或技术的热情 , 并且把销售帽子放在不自然地来到他们 。
to be responsible for the guidance of local energy development plans , connecting the production development of local energy with the balance of supply and demand ;	负责本地能源开发计划的指导 , 联系当地能源的生产发展 , 供应平衡 ;
knowledge and practice about iodine deficiency disorders among pregnant women , housewives , and pupils in changning district , shanghai ;	知识和实践对孕妇、家庭主妇、上海市妇女的碘缺陷障碍进行了认识和实践 。
methods 74 cases had changes in ambiens cisterna proved by ct scan , we analysed the changes and studied its correlation with prognosis .	方法采用ct扫描对74例患者进行ct扫描证实 , 分析了ct扫描的变化 , 研究其与预后相关性 。
enter ${user_install_root}\etc\wssecurity\samples\encsender . jceks in the keystore path field .	输入$userinstallroot}\etc\wsecurity\ample\security\sample\ender.jceks在键存储路径领域 。
objective to assess the application value of wholebody bone scintigraphy in diagnosis and staging of langerhans cell histiocytosis in infants .	目的评价全身骨科学的应用价值 , 探讨全身骨科学在喉癌细胞组织组织学中的诊断和阶段 。
after a preshift meeting and an oath ceremony where the 10member squad of miners vow to ensure safety , he changes into his work overalls .	经过一次新闻会议和一场oath仪式之后 , 10个成员的投票方向保证安全 , 他改变了他的工作总体 。
ollila said microsoft had not been the only option for nokia and noted many companies had showed their interest in cooperating with the finnish mobile phone maker .	奥尔里拉说 , 微软并没有成为诺基亚唯一的选项 , 很多公司已经显示他们的兴趣与完成的手机制造商合作 。
what intrigues many astronomers , however , is the circumnuclear ring around the galaxy center visible just outside the central bar .	然而 , 很多天文学家都认为 , 是星系中心的圆环环环绕着星系中心的可见环境 。
in germplasm evaluation studies of pinellia ternate , the assaying methods of extractives and total alkaloid are established .	建立了提取物和总碱的评价方法 。
last month , a u . s . bankruptcy judge allowed lehman to pump cash into the two banks to avoid a seizure by regulators .	上个月 , 美国破产法官允许雷曼将现金投入两家银行 , 以避免监管机构 。
methods analgesic effect of two different concentrations of cinobufagin injection was observed in mice by the hotplate test and writhing with acetic acid .	方法采用乙酸法测定两种不同浓度cinobugin-fagin注射液中两种不同浓度的镇痛效果 。
the fifth part it is the summary of the full text , the whole characteristic of the language has done the brief generalization to lien uzhuan .	第五部分是全文的总结 , 语言的整体特点已经完成了辽庄的简要化 。
przewalski's horse , which once roamed the steppes of mongolia , is thought to have become too dispersed in the wild to breed .	przwalski的马 , 一旦浪漫了蒙古的步伐 , 被认为已经变得太分散在野生里了 。
therefore , the transformation of the pattern of international relations requires the united states and south korea to maintain and even strengthen the alliance .	因此 , 国际关系的变革需要美国和韩国维护 , 甚至加强联盟 。
the ancient black cattle were displaced by the longhorns , and that these " were swept away by the short horns as if by some murderous pestilence . "	古老的黑猫被长廊所拆除 , 这些 " 被短的角落一样 , 就像有些谋杀的野兽一样 , 就像是被一些凶猛的野兽一样 。 "
consider your online album as the equivalent of leaving the treasured family album on a public bench for every passerby to thumb through .	考虑您的网上专辑 , 作为离开国内外的家庭专辑 , 每个旅客都可以通过每个旅客来推出来 。
with financial markets so volatile and companies “hunkering down” for a long slog through a recession , there are few indicators of what’s coming up .	随着金融市场如此挥发和公司 " 突破 " 的长期日志 , 经济衰退中有几个指标 , 这些指标是来临的 。
if you are following along and planning to take a break at this point , please stay around as you now have two jobs that are creating ever larger files in your file system .	如果你正在跟随之后 , 计划在这个点上采取一个突破 , 请在您的文件系统中保持两个工作 , 如今你已经创建了更大的文件 。
we saw more rates of authoritarianism in nonwhite groups . i think the percentage of authoritarian households was highest in asianamericans .	我们在非白人群体中看到了更多的权威主义主义 , 我认为权威主义家庭的百分之一是亚裔裔美国人最高的 。
the moon is so far from the earth that even if huge trees were growing on a mountain , we could not see them through the most powerful telescopes which have yet been invented .	月亮远远离地球 , 即使大树在山上生长 , 我们就不能看到它们 , 还发明了最强大的电视镜 。
imposing airportstyle passenger and bag checks in the metros and bus stops of major cities is impractical because it would bring ordinary life to a halt .	阻碍机场风格的乘客和包检查 , 主要城市的公共汽车停止是实际的 , 因为它将会带来普通生活到一个公共的生活 。
days later , they still in touch with the troops , fortunately , they killed a deer , can be difficult to rely on venison and spent a few days .	日后 , 他们仍然与军队触摸 , 幸运地 , 他们杀死了鹿 , 可以依赖维松 , 花了几天时间 。
first , for the four major banks , the good bank/bad bank transactions should be mandatory ; the industry will stabilize only if the four work in tandem .	首先 , 对于四家主要银行来说 , 好银行/坏银行应该是管理 , 行业只有四家工业在andem工作 。
at the same time i still wanted a dedicated keyboard so when i saw the s710 with its nifty slideout keyboard i knew it was the perfect fit .	同时我仍然想要一张专门的键盘 , 所以当我看到了s710的时候 , 我知道它是完美的适合 。
if the book of job is one of the oldest books , there must have been a general knowledge of god , however limited , which led men to think often of him .	如果这本工作的书是最古老的书之一 , 必须有一般知识的神 , 却导致男人经常想到他 。
there is no other documented association between mercury and any human cancer , leukaemia , lymphoma or other malignant or premalignant disease .	汞与任何人类癌症、白血病、淋巴瘤或其他恶性疾病之间没有其他文献联系 。
china has recently publicly supported sanctions against iran and imposed lesser restrictions on north korea for their nuclear activities .	中国近期公开支持对伊朗的制裁 , 反对伊朗 , 更少限制在朝鲜的核活动 。
the game opens with fifi millicent performing a gig in an unnamed wartorn middle eastern country , in exchange for a $10m fee .	这个游戏开放了五百万美元的战争中东国家 , 在交换1000万美元的交易费用 。
in late august , joey defrancesco fulfilled the fantasy of many a disgruntled worker: he quit in an incredibly outlandish fashion .	在今年8月底 , 乔伊·德里斯科完成了许多残酷的工人的幻想:他在一个不可避免的时尚中辞职 。
porter puts forward the differentiation advantage and cost advantage according to surroundings and firm strategy by means of value chain .	根据价值链的方法 , 提出了基于价值链的周围和企业策略的差异优势和成本优势 。
given that the capability of a filter to handle both request and forward was only introduced with j2ee 1 . 4 , older versions of j2ee require a different solution .	鉴于j2ee1.4岁版本的j2ee1.4岁的j2ee版本 , 只引入过滤器的能力 , 只需要一个不同的解决方案 。
animal rights activist brigitte bardot wrote to the german minister calling on her not to give in to pressure to overturn the anuga ban .	动物权利主义布吉特·巴特写给德国部长 , 她不给她压力超过奥巴嫩的压力 。
valencia fullback moretti and sevilla midfielder maresca are both on lazio president claudio lotito's shopping list for the summer market .	瓦伦西亚总统克莱奥·洛蒂在夏季市场购物列表上 , 全面反馈更多和西维拉中场马萨卡都是拉齐奥总统 。
however , under the twolevel financial control involving in both university and schools there are contradictions within laboratory administration and longterm development .	然而 , 在实验室管理和长期发展的两级金融控制下 , 涉及大学和学校都存在矛盾 。
it indicates that the sampen is more effective to extract the information attentionrelated in eeg to show the clinical application prospects in eeg biofeedback systems .	结果表明 , 该样品更有效地提取信息注意力 , 以显示eg生物反馈系统的临床应用前景 。
cole claims that mourinho has not addressed his players about what the future may hold , preferring instead to concentrate on the matter in hand winning matches .	科尔声称 , 穆里尼奥对未来的球员也没有解释他的球员 , 更喜欢把握 , 而不要集中在比赛中 。
systemic experimental investigation and theoretic analysis on the mechanical aspects of jintan's rock salt have been conducted in the dissertation .	文章对金坦岩石盐的机械方面进行了系统的实验研究和理论分析 。
results 18 cases happened nosocomial infection , incidence for 14 . 3% , respiratory infections which accounted for 48% , ur 24% ;	结果18例患者发生鼻吸虫感染 , 发生率为14.3% , 呼吸感染占48% , ur24% ;
the exception to the trend was in germany , where unemployment among young people actually declined , to 10 . 3 percent , over the twoyear period .	除了德国 , 在德国 , 年轻人实际上失业率下降至10.3% , 在两年的时间里 , 外 , 德国的失业率不足 。
it's different from the traditional view that the sentence meaning is its truthconditions . thus a new perspective of analyzing meaning is achieved .	从传统的角度来看 , 句子的意义是其真实的条件 , 从而实现了一种分析意义的新角度 。
conclusion pricking blood therapy has a regulatory action on acth in hpa axis of rats with experimental allergic rhinitis .	结论对大鼠肝炎大鼠肝炎hpa轴上的血液疗法有一定的监管作用 。
roman statesman cicero noted , " although physicians frequently know their patients will die of a given disease , they never tell them so . "	罗马国务卿克罗指出: " 虽然物理学家常常常常知道他们的病人会死于某种疾病 , 但他们从未告诉他们 。 "
and jesus stood still , and commanded him to be called . and they call the blind man , saying unto him , be of good comfort , rise ; he calleth thee .	耶稣仍然站在那里 , 命令他叫他叫他 , 他们叫 " 盲人 " , 向他说 , 是好舒适的 , 他清理了 。
the size of the wafer to wafer side said , the quality of led is better than small chip . the price is proportional to the size of isomorphous .	沃尔弗的大小说 , led的质量比较小芯片更好 , 价格比异常尺寸更大 。
in recent years , china's mode of hiv transmission has significant change in the transmission of the infection ratio increased significantly .	近年来 , 中国hiv传播模式在感染比例传播中具有显著的变化 。
indeed , beauty experts have demonstrated through actual research that the combination of baby oil and sugar provides a most effective method for exfoliating skin .	事实上 , 美容专家通过实际研究表明 , 宝宝油与糖的结合提供了一种最有效的方法 。
he was accused of stealing the pictures while chen's computer was being repaired at elite multimedia limited , where sze was an employee .	他指责陈氏电脑在网站多媒体有限公司修复的时候 , 被指控这幅图片 , 是一名员工 。
to reinforce these themes , quotations from lincoln’s speeches and writings have been stenciled above the fireplace mantels throughout the cottage .	为了加强这些人 , 从林肯的演讲和写作中引用的话题 , 已经在整个院子里偷偷去 。
many of these settled at the daming palace site , where they have maintained much of their original regional culture , such as their dialect and traditional food .	许多这些人在大坝宫的地方设置在那里 , 他们已经保持了很多原始的地区文化 , 比如他们的方言和传统的食物 。
from all these examples it may be gathered how reflection is always seeking for something fixed and permanent , definite in itself and governing the particulars .	从所有这些例子中 , 可以收集反射总是如何寻找一些固定和永久的东西 , 尽管本身和执行特定的东西 。
michael had brought kay to the wedding so that she would slowly and perhaps without too much of a shock , absorb the truth about his father .	迈克尔给婚礼带来了kay , 这样她会慢慢地慢地和她也许没有太多震惊 , 吸收他父亲的真理 。
the crack growth rate in weld metal and haz of steel 36z fatigued at low frequency may be 35 and 410 times that at high frequency respectively .	低频钢36z焊接金属的裂缝增长率可分别分别为35倍和410倍 。
the system is easy to construct and simple to use and has a higher spectral resolution than conventional msps without increasing the acquisition time .	系统很容易地构建和简单 , 具有较高的光谱分辨率 , 比传统的msp不增加收集时间 。
the outcomes of this series suggest that repeat pv is effective at the same vertebral levels in patients without painrelief who underwent previous pv .	本系列的结果表明 , 重复pv在相同的椎体水平中有效地恢复pv患者并没有疼痛缓解患者 。
the collaboration with softbank is a good start: the company boasts 22 million subscribers , and its user base has been growing nicely over the past few years .	软银行的合作是一个很好的开始:公司拥有2200万的订阅商 , 而它的用户基地已经在过去几年里逐渐增长 。
" i wouldn't dare call myself a pioneer of reform and opening , but , after all , we were the first ordinary people to open a restaurant , " says guo .	郭说: " 我不敢自称自己改革开放 , 但是 , 毕竟 , 我们是第一位普通人开餐馆 。 "
bynum missed the final 46 games of last season with a left knee injury . he is averaging 14 . 0 points and 8 . 2 rebounds .	拜纳姆错过去年的46场比赛 , 左膝损伤的比赛 , 他平均有14.0分和8.2反弹 。
the flexible liner system along canal slopes was discussed in detail with respect to the properties of the related expansive soil as well as the design methods .	详细讨论了与相关扩大土壤的性质和设计方法相关的柔性链接系统 , 详细讨论了沿河滑坡的柔性链接系统 。
the paper uses the index of sexselective abortion to indicate the effect intension of sexselective abortion on the raising of the sex ratio at birth .	利用性别选择性吸收指标对性别吸收率的影响 , 指出性别吸收对性别吸收率的影响 。
" a woman will have more commendation in being the mother of heroes , " said a federalist , " than in setting up , amazonlike , for a heroine herself .	" 一个女性将更多的建议成为英雄母亲 , " 联邦主义者说 , " 比起来更多的建议 " , 阿马逊像英雄一样 。
terrible busy these days , by the " water margin " actually expired , no found . rare today , go to the library , library hours , before we know .	这些日子 , 经过 " 水边缘 " 实际上 , 没有发现 。 今天 , 去图书馆 , 图书馆 , 在我们知道之前 , 我们就知道 。
to extinguish these conditions , we have to redesign the ruling mechanism of companies according to our nation's specific circumstances .	为了解决这些条件 , 我们必须根据我国的特殊环境 , 重新定义公司的规则机制 。
jitie mouth found a stone tablet stone tablets , many words have been smashed , is obviously dont want to let others know more information about this tomb .	吉妈发现一张石板石板 , 很多字已经被打碎了 , 很明显不想让其他人知道更多的信息 。
it provides a blueprint for the interteam communication that is essential not only for meeting business goals , but also for performing effective engineering .	它为团队通信提供了一个蓝色的印刷 , 不仅是为了满足业务目标 , 而且还为实现有效的工程提供了一个蓝色印刷 。
louboutin identifies the shade it uses as “chinese red” , but argues that any confusingly similar shade would infringe the trademark .	路博丁鉴定它用作 " 红 " 的形状 , 但认为任何混乱的形状都会影响贸易标志 。
so you can go to a number of forums to learn some information above constant color , the forum which will involve which network platform is more reliable .	所以你可以去多个论坛 , 学习上面的一些信息 , 这些论坛将涉及到网络平台更可靠的论坛 。
assignment . you may not assign , sublicense or otherwise transfer any of your rights or obligations under this agreement , by operation of law or otherwise .	分配 , 您可能不会分配 , 代表或其他人在本协议下转移任何权利或义务 , 通过操作或其他法律操作 。
pet ownership is booming in china , and the tibetan mastiff is the dog of the moment for those who want to spread their wealth beyond stocks and real estate .	宠物所有权在中国正在增长 , 而藏族主权是那些想要把他们的财富传播给房地产和房地产的时刻 。
high school training should be adequately provided for all , and college training should be the monopoly of no class or race in any section of our common country .	高中培训应当充分提供 , 大学培训应该是我们普通国家的任何一部分的课堂或比赛 。
this research focuses on the selfidentity of an aboriginal daycare center worker and discusses the effect of social structure context to identification .	本研究重点探讨了原始日常中心工作人员自我认同 , 探讨社会结构上下文对社会结构上下文的影响 。
that's because , since 1918 , oberto has used nothing but premium strips of real , lean meat that's seasoned and smoked to perfection .	这是因为 , 自1918年以来 , 观察家没有使用 , 但实际上没有什么 , 瘦肉 , 令人惊讶 , 吸烟完美 。
rice praised afghan attorney general abdul jabar sabit for being one of the largest employers of women in the afghan government .	米饭赞美了阿富汗总统阿富汗总统阿富汗政府中最大的雇主之一 。
he takes off the tom cruise shades , and she sees the eyes of a goat—bright amber ; rectangular pupils , dilating in the dusky evening .	他拿着汤姆橡皮的影子 , 她看到山羊的眼睛是明亮的 , 直角的小狗 , 晚上散落在杜斯基的晚上 。
based on the analysis of mirror by cang yue , the paper purports to decode the new vision creation of fantastic literature influenced by new media .	通过对镜像的分析 , 探讨了新媒体影响的新视觉 , 解决了新媒体对镜像的影响 。
with the quality products of " classical decoration , perfect exhibition " , yonghong redefines the life and completely shows decoration aesthetics for every user .	随着 " 经典装饰品、完美展 " 的质量产品 , 永虹重新定义了生命 , 完全展示了每个用户的装饰美学 。
the asian development bank is urging central banks in asia to pause measures to contain high inflation until global market turmoil subsidies .	亚洲开发银行正在吸引亚洲中央银行 , 通过措施 , 保持高通胀 , 直到全球市场转向补贴 。
two other snps also showed significant genebygender interactions , but their effects were not significant in either men or women alone .	另外两个nps也显示出明显的基因生成者互动 , 但他们的效果不明显 , 男性或女性独立 。
although only in its second year , the club is a success , partly due to the energy and enthusiasm of its coordinator , susan michal .	尽管在第二年 , 俱乐部是成功的 , 部分原因是由于能源和热情的协调员、苏珊矿业的成功 。
jy8g . de ) made its debut in frankfurt , boosting hopes that investor confidence may be returning after the global credit crunch .	jy8g.de''在法兰克福举行的债务 , 增加希望投资者信心能够在全球信用信用交易之后恢复 。
in mrpd , data is redistributed into some groups at step 1 , and all the groups are multitransmitted according to the request of computer nodes .	在mrpd中 , 根据计算机节点的要求 , 数据在某些步骤1中被重新构建 , 所有组都是多元化的 。
two divers off the coast of france peer into denise , a small , twoman diving saucer that is part of jacques cousteau’s oceanic ship calypso .	两个不同于法国和平海岸的海岸 , 一个小的 , 两人死于沙漠 , 是约克斯塔乌的海洋船舱的一部分 。
puerto rican on the wrong side of town , but still gets to wear ravishing new look silhouettes with beautifully matching shoes .	普拉托·伊恩在城市错误的一边 , 但仍然要穿上新看起来还有美丽的比赛鞋子 。
now investors are demanding that banks like lehman and washington mutual raise capital or sell their assets to raise cash and prove that they are solvent .	现在 , 投资者要求银行如利曼和华盛顿相互提高资本 , 或者卖他们的资产来提高现金 , 并证明他们是解决的 。
lieberman has addressed a national convention before ; at the democratic national convention in 2000 , he was the party’s vicepresidential nominee .	利伯曼在2000年在民主党议会上表示了一个国家公约 , 他是党副总统提名人 。
using sand polluted by the bp oil spill in one experiment , the team was able to separate hydrocarbons from the sand within seconds .	通过一次试验 , bp油喷出的砂污染 , 这个团队能够在第二秒内分离水碳 。
in addition , foundation base may be in dangerous conditions such as sand pipings and upheaval deformations because of unloading soil above artesian aquifer .	此外 , 基金会基础上可能是在危险的条件下 , 如沙管道和上升变形 , 因为在阿特西亚海水平上失载土壤 。
for example , one student made a program to inform a selected list of friends , with a short text message , where he was every 15 minutes .	例如 , 一个学生给出了一个程序来信息一个被选定的朋友列表 , 有一个短篇文本消息 , 他每15分钟 。
steer your spaceship with the motion sensors of your windowsphone and fight against the space pirates with your arsenal of upgradable weapons .	把你的空间与您的窗户电话的运动传感器一起 , 战斗空间飞行 , 与您的可升级武器一起 。
this method can provide a new way for determination of aluminum powder con tent of propellant powder with its rapidity and simplicity and certain accuracy .	本方法可为其快速、简单、一定的精度测定铝粉含量的方法提供一种新的方法 。
as it closes in on its target , the ekv integrates data from the xbrwith its onboard sensors and locks on to the enemy missile .	当它关闭在目标的时候 , ekv集成数据从xbrith的上面传感器和锁定到敌人导弹 。
although adopting patent heddle increases the cost , but it increases the output and profit , and the invention benefit is also higher .	虽然采用专利hdle增加了成本 , 但它增加了输出和利润 , 但本发明的利润也更高 。
since the owner was a movie producer , his clienteles were the movie stars , singers and celebrities for his late night supper segment .	自从主人是电影生产商之后 , 他的客户是电影明星、歌手和歌手 , 为他的晚夜供应商节目的庆祝 。
jerseys , pullovers , cardigans , waistcoats and similar articles , knitted or crocheted , of silk or silk waste .	jerseys , 流浪器 , 心脏器 , 腰衣和类似的文章 , 编织 , 还有丝绸或丝绸废物 。
bonding: any of the interactions that account for the association of atoms into molecules , ions , crystals , metals , and other stable species .	绑定:任何对原子的交互 , 包括原子的交互 , 分子、离子、晶体、金属、金属等稳定物种的交互 。
another is the loblolly pine . windbreaks not only protect land and crops from the wind . surplus trees can be cut down and used to provide wood .	另外一个是lobloyplobloypine.windbreaks , 不仅能保护风的土地和作物 , 可以降低 , 用来提供木材 。
their two full backs , john flanagan and jack robinson , were excellent yesterday , up against theo walcott and samir nasri .	他们的两个完全回来 , 约翰·弗拉纳根和杰克·罗宾逊昨天很好 , 反对着沃尔科特和萨米尔·纳斯里 。
the following factors like diabetes , erythrocyte , level of anastomosis and anastomotic technique were demonstrated to be independent .	研究了糖尿病、糖尿病、糖尿病、糖尿病、糖尿病、糖尿病、糖尿病、糖尿病、糖尿病、糖尿病等因素 。
aesthetic pursuit has connection to various aspects of news works ; the process that the writer edits news is also the process of aesthetic pursuit .	审美追求对新闻作品的各个方面有关 ; 作家编辑新闻的过程也是审美追求的过程 。
the six counties and city of the drainage area of zuo river in nanning district lie in the karst area in southwest of guangxi province .	广西省南宁地区的六个县和城市 , 位于南宁地区 , 位于广西南部的喀斯特区 。
its characters are : serious conditions , quick change , more shock , easy misdiagnosis , difficult management , more complications and high mortality .	其特点是:严重的条件 , 快速变化 , 更容易误诊 , 困难管理 , 更复杂 , 死亡率更高 。
on august 17 , 2005 , estonian prime minister andrus ansip met in his office with visiting chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing .	2005年8月17日 , 位于东尼亚总理安德鲁斯安德鲁斯在访问中国外交部李赵兴的办公室见面 。
sudan is committed to implementing the comprehensive peace agreement and holding the referendum in southern sudan in a free and fair way .	苏丹承诺实施全面和平协议 , 坚持南苏丹的参议 , 在自由和公平的方式中举办了参议 。
the utility model relates to a component of a suspension system of a conveying vehicle , specifically to a trailer steel sleeve for suspension .	本实用新型涉及一种传输汽车悬浮系统的组成部分 , 特别是一个用于悬浮钢管 。
to make xiaoshan as our national shoemaking base , we need to do the following:one , identify the commanding heights of development and innovation ;	为了使小山成为我们国际鞋业基地 , 我们需要做到以下:人 , 鉴别开发和创新高度 ;
improved fluorochemicals have recently made it possible to use a higher concentration of perfluorochemicals without causing medical complications .	最近 , 荧光化学的改进 , 使得荧光化学能够使用高浓度的氟化物 , 没有引起医疗并发症 。
children with family history of asthma or individual history of hypersensitivity were more likely to develop respiratory symptoms .	高敏度家庭历史或个人历史的儿童更有可能发展呼吸症状 。
the present invention also relates to the new method of using the new affinity chromatography mediums in purifying and producing cobra neurotoxin .	本发明还涉及了利用新型有限染色体介质在净化和制备cobra神经毒素中的新方法 。
scanning whitelight interferometry increases the portrait measurement range , and its measurement precision achieves the level of nanometer .	扫描whitel光干涉仪增加了光线测量范围 , 测量精度达到纳米的水平 。
province labor ensures hall floorwalker zhang deyou to moderate , office grows jiao xuebai to make important speech .	省劳动力保证大厅地面行走员张德玉为中、办公室生长jiaoxuebai , 使其成为重要演讲 。
grab a wide variety of historically accurate weapons including machine guns , bazookas , sniper rifles and flamethrowers .	将多种历史上准确的武器 , 包括机枪 , 巴佐卡斯 , sniperrifles和火焰喷射器 。
a study was carried out in this paper on the dyeing and finishing performance of a watersoluble sulfur black dye containing polycarboxylic groups .	研究了含有多碳氧化物群的水溶性硫黑染料染料的染色和完成性能 。
a preparation method of anodic aluminum oxide film with thick barrier layer is provided , which belongs to the field of material technology .	给出了一种用厚砖层的阳极铝氧化铝膜的制备方法 , 属于材料技术领域 。
the ideal threshold for choosing between sequential and parallel execution is a function of the cost of coordinating the parallel tasks .	序列和并行执行之间选择的理想阈值是协调并行任务的一个功能 。
result: there were no obvious differences in microscopic characters in adonis amurensis regel et radd in the northeast region .	结果:东北地区微观特征的微观特征差异没有明显的差异 。
the facial problem is a reflection of people body's splanchnic problem . only both internal and external treatment can help solve the skin problem radically .	面部问题是人体脾脏问题的反映 , 只有内外治疗才能有助于解决皮肤问题 。
this product is the most advantaged and clinicalvalue method for diagnosis of early nephropathy damnification equipped with enormous market demands .	本产品是早期肾病患者的诊断最优点和临床价值方法 , 具有巨大的市场需求 。
leehom was awarded again " the best producer " in 2004 and " the best male vocalist " in 2006 by golden melody award committee .	2004年 , 李霍姆再次获得了 " 最佳生产商 " 和 " 2006年最佳男性音乐家 " , 由金色梅洛迪奖委员会颁奖 。
they include an ecommerce storefront app , a community web site , a portal site , sample reports , and a project timetracking app .	他们包括一个电子商务店前面应用程序 , 社区网站 , 一个portal网站 , 示例报告 , 以及一个项目时间追踪应用程序 。
indian multiplexes added on an average 14 to 21 new shows in the second week of the movie compared to its first week with 150 additional shows .	印度第二周增加了14至21个新的节目 , 相比第一周第一次与150个额外的节目相比 。
candles and holders , gifts articles , ceramic vases , leaf and sugar cane vases , consol tables , panels , candle holders .	蜡烛和保持者 , 礼品 , 陶瓷品 , 叶片 , 糖罐 , 冷却桌子 , 面板 , 蜡烛持有者 。
he knocks into drums , speakers , drops his mike , picks it up , then throws it to the floor and tosses himself after it for good measure .	他打开鼓 , 发言人 , 说话者 , 把牛排起来 , 然后把它扔到地板上 , 然后把它放到地板上 , 用好的测量之后 。
says levit , " don't approach your boss with a sense of entitlement , as though he is personally responsible for furthering your career .	莱维特说: " 虽然他个人责任自己的职业生涯 , 不要接近老板 。
attila , king of the huns and ravager of much of western europe , died a death that was not quite what one would have expected from such a fierce warrior .	阿蒂拉 , 阿蒂拉王和西欧大部分的匈牙利王 , 死亡了一件死亡 , 因此 , 没有人能从这样的激烈战争中获得的死亡 。
there’s a videosharing ability , by which you can watch videos “with” other people , though your interactions are limited to a chatroom beside the video .	有一个视频共享能力 , 你可以看到其他人 , 虽然你的互动限制在视频外面的聊天 。
it improved some of the subjective symptoms of xerosis , the clinical xerotic severity score and dermoscopic appearance .	提高了xerosis的一些主观症状 , 临床xerosis的临床xeric严重范围和dermoscopic出现 。
lift the clutch pedal , start to lift soon , when the feeling gradually with the clutch pressure plate linked to a half , it begins to slow down .	抬起闭合板 , 很快就开始抬起 , 当感觉逐渐与闭合压力板连接到一半时 , 开始慢下来 。
bottomup reform cannot be resisted because it requires no negotiations , avoids confrontations , and it spreads like an unstoppable plague .	底层改革不能抵御 , 因为它不需要谈判 , 避免面对 , 避免面对 , 而且它就像不可避免的平原 。
ames spends the rest of the movie plotting to get his revenge , make his escape and seize his little daughter back from her new foster parents .	阿米斯花了其他的电影拍摄 , 让他逃跑 , 把他的小女儿从她的新朋友家长中回来 。
in other words , the value assigned by this rule is the one that should prevail in the case that test1 is among the tests that were assigned to a machine .	换句话说 , 这个规则分配的价值是 , 应该在测试1中进行分配到机器的测试 。
a few weeks later , we got word that the kerry people wanted me to speak at the convention , although it was not yet clear in what capacity .	几个星期后 , 我们得到了说 , 克里人希望我在公约上讲话 , 虽然它还没有清楚什么能力 。
the result of the research can also be used for reference in solving the same salt problems of other grottoes and earth relics in the northwestern arid regions in china .	研究结果也可用于解决中国西北海地区的同一盐问题的参考 。
a crystalline compound , c6h 12n 3ps , a sulfurcontaining analogue of tepa , used to treat certain malignant tumors .	水晶化合物 , c6h12n-n3ps , 是一种含有tepa的硫化物 , 用于治疗某些恶性肿瘤 。
this paper describes the fundamental of thermometry and the types of thermometer . it also presents a method of making a thermocouple thermometer .	介绍了热量计的基本原理 , 以及热量计的类型 , 提出了一种热耦合温度计的方法 。
monaco is on the mediterranean coast , 18km east of nice and near the italian border , and is surrounded on three sides by france .	摩纳哥是在中海岸 , 18公里东部的美好和附近的意大利边境附近的东部 , 法国围绕着三边 。
of course , no one text is going to change the world , but put together , these treatises will constrain alqaida's recruitment pool somewhat .	当然 , 没有一个文本都会改变世界 , 但是把这些条约制在一起 , 这些条约将限制qaida的招募池 。
rich dad stopped by at noon on the third week . we heard his truck pull up in the parking lot and sputter when the engine was turned off .	第三周中午 , 我们听说他的卡车停在停车场上 , 停下来的时候 , 发动机被转了 。
this added voltage is mainly power line frequency and its effect on the voltmeter reading will depend upon the normalmode rejection capability of the meter .	此增加的电压主要是电力线频率和电压测量对电压测量的影响 , 将依赖于正常模式拒绝能力 。
henan bailihui trading co . , ltd . is a company mainly engaged in fine wine , imported wine , cigar , famous tea and tobacco .	河南百华贸易有限公司是一家公司主要从事优质葡萄酒、进口葡萄酒、香烟、著名茶和烟草的公司 。
and try to make the room in any bedding face reflected in the mirror of food on the table , in order to receive the " double your wealth " the effect .	试图让房间在任何床面都反映在桌子上 , 为了收到 " 双重财富 " 的效果 。
when the camels had finished drinking , the man took out a gold nose ring weighing a beka and two gold bracelets weighting ten shekels .	当骆驼完成饮料时 , 男人拿出一条黄色鼻子 , 重量一条牛肉和两只黄金手镯 。
this research takes fuqing' s preschool teachers for example to investigate the job burnout and influence factors of them by questionnaire .	本研究以福庆教师为例 , 通过问卷调查工作负担和影响因素 , 研究了福庆教师的研究 。
while the atomic variable classes might look superficially like the synchronizedcounter example in listing 1 , the similarity is only superficial .	虽然原子变量类可能看起来像清单1中的同步计数器示例一样 , 但相似性只是超级 。
another risk is that individual and commercial accounts will get mixed , as they did with the shamesyeakels , who are now suing their bank .	另外一个风险是 , 个人和商业帐户将会混合 , 因为他们和沙米克尔这样做 , 现在正在持续银行 。
the utility model can not only lead a setline lover to use a very long fishing rod to fish , but also can cut off or set off as well as throw a fish hook conveniently .	本实用新型不仅能导致一系列的爱者使用非常长的捕鱼杆来捕鱼 , 而且也可以减少或减少鱼钩 , 便于把鱼钩放在一起 。
the results also showed that much more steady combustion could be obtained with mechanical spray nozzle than with steam atomizer for some burners with poor performance .	研究结果表明 , 对于某些燃烧机性能较差的燃烧机械喷嘴 , 燃烧机械喷雾喷雾器的燃烧机械性能更稳定 。
this resulting schema definition and the soap message that is generated for this service are languageneutral and follow the wsi basic profile .	因此 , 这个服务生成的schema定义和soap消息是语言中性的 , 并遵循wsi基本概要 。
recycle your code ! create a collection of your favorite and oftenused snippets and make sure that it’s easily searchable and well organized .	回收您的代码 ! 创建了你最喜欢的收集 , 并且常常常用snippet , 确保它很容易的搜索和组织 。
we provided updates on an hourly basis to keep our users informed of the situation until it was resolved today just before 4pm pdt .	我们提供了一个小时的更新 , 以保持我们的用户信息的情况 , 直到今天在4pmpdt之前解决 。
therefore it is still a challenging question for knee surgeons to reconstruct the function of meniscus which was injured or resected .	因此 , 膝外科医生仍然是一个挑战的问题 , 重建损伤或恢复损伤的menicus的功能 。
for example , some on the political right reject anything the new york times reports and uncritically believe anything offered by fox news ;	例如 , 一些在政治权利上拒绝纽约时报报的任何东西 , 并不经历上相信福克斯新闻提供的任何东西 ;
despite trump's lovehate relationship with china , his chinese fans believe he's the one who can make the u . s . , and even the world , great again .	尽管布朗普与中国的爱情关系 , 他的中国球迷相信他能使美国成为世界 , 甚至世界也是伟大的 。
similarly , plans by local chinese governments to improve infrastructure loom large for heavyequipment makers like caterpillar inc . .	同样 , 中国政府计划通过当地的中国政府来提高基础设施的基础设备制造商的重型设备制造商 。
when grains are ground , or leaves are cooked , they become more digestible , allowing more nutrients to get absorbed by the body .	当粮食地上 , 或叶子被烹饪 , 它们变得更容易消化 , 使得更多的营养物被身体吸收 。
one would have expected he was looking for an opportunity to keep his team close in a hardfought game against a big city school .	一个人预计他正在寻找一个机会 , 以保持他的队伍密切接近一个大城市学校的比赛 。
several major banks including ubs lowered their growth forecasts for china through 2012 last week , largely because of concern that exports will fade .	上周 , 一些主要银行包括ubs减少了2012年的增长预测 , 大部分是因为出口将面临的 。
thermal loading concentrated on the outer circumference of the discs during the engagement time may result in a form of conical deformation . disc waviness may ar...	热负荷集中在渗透时间内的外圈 , 可能导致变形形形成的变形 , 离子波动可能会引起 。
depending on the diverse document filters in the system , it might be necessary to also add a check to see if the request document is an html document .	依赖系统中多样文档滤波器 , 可能需要添加一个检查 , 请求文档是否是html文档 。
most of the 50 , 000 apps that have been written for cellphones that use the operating system should run in some fashion on androidbased tablets .	大多数有5000个应用程序都在安德鲁id的平板上使用操作系统的手机编写的手机 。
the writer combines the history and rational thought , profoundly and dialectically analyses each author's works of different periods .	作者结合历史和理性思想 , 深刻地分析了各个作者的不同时期的作品 。
the plant office is secured with a yellow bicycle lock . boxes of fisherprice toys for toddlers can be seen stacked in the warehouse .	植物办公室是用黄自行车锁定的 , 可以看到托德尔的渔业价格玩具的盒子 。
considering the multidimensional and nonlinear characteristic of physiological information fusing , the thesis use svm for building medical modeling .	考虑了生理信息融合的多维性和非线性特点 , 利用svm用于建立医学模型 。
american tennis player helen jacobs with the wightman cup after the usa beat britain at wimbledon , london on june 16 , 1934 .	1934年6月16日伦敦 , 美国网球球员亨利·杰克布斯和沃尔曼杯比赛后 , 美国网球员在英国打败了英国 。
the pakistan people's party , ms . bhutto's party , says a united nations investigation into her death it is the only way to get at the truth .	巴基斯坦人民党 , 巴基斯坦人民党的党长布鲁托说 , 一项美国对她的死亡调查是唯一的方法 。
as a mode of industry organizations intervenient by enterprise and market , industry clusters has promoted and will promote region development of economy .	作为企业和市场的干预方式 , 行业集群已提高 , 促进区域经济发展 。
the newspaper calls also for victoria to be allowed to try out daily life in cohabitation with her boyfriend before any decision is taken to get married .	报纸还呼吁维多利亚 , 在任何决定结婚之前 , 这些报纸也允许试图与她的男朋友一起合作 。
“but despite these successes , ” he warns , “there remain real concerns about high levels of bycatch and the reasons behind them .	" 尽管这些成功 , " 他警告说 , " 尽管这些成功仍然非常关注 , 但是 , 这些原因仍然存在很高的观察水平 , 以及后面的原因 。
" with the coming of the 3g era , wireless internet will have exponential growth , " cinic said in a statement accompanying the release of its report .	" 随着3g时代的来临 , 无线互联网将会有很大的增长 , " cinic在声明符合其报告的发布 。
this hubble space telescope image reveals " the cat's eye nebula " to be one of the most complex " planetary nebulae " known .	这个哈勃的太空望远镜显示 " 猫的眼睛内布拉 " 是世界上最复杂的 " 行星尼布拉 " 之一 。
plastics piping systems . glass reinforced thermosetting plastics components . test methods to prove the design of bolted flange joints .	塑料管道系统 , 玻璃加强热塑料组件 , 试验方法证明了螺栓连接的设计方法 。
disney executives say that if their efforts in china are successful , they'll likely roll out english schools in other countries around the world .	迪士尼的执行官说 , 如果他们在中国的努力是成功的 , 他们将会在世界各地其他国家滚出英语学校 。
with all these and many more beautiful places that exist in our world , we are lost for choice and the only way to decide on the places to visit is to follow the heart .	所有这些和许多美丽的地方都存在于我们世界 , 我们失去选择 , 唯一的办法是决定参观地方的唯一办法是遵循心脏 。
residents of soweto , or other urban areas in south africa , are likely to grumble about foreigners in the same way as in rich countries .	南非其他城市地区的居民 , 很可能在富裕国家的外国人群中吸引外国人 。
one guugu yimithirr speaker was filmed telling his friends the story of how in his youth , he capsized in sharkinfested waters .	一位贵guyimhirr发言人被电影告诉他的朋友们在他的青年中如何的故事 , 他在鲨鱼感染的水中捕获 。
limited data indicate that ms0 and tsr are in a relationship of 1:0 . 93 on average , that is the value of ms0 is larger than tsr .	有限的数据表明 , ms0和tsr在平均的1.0.93的关系中 , ms0的价值比tsr大 。
the sex games that start with such light laughter and smooching now got all dark and interesting . the more inventive the guy , the more creative it got .	这种轻笑的性感游戏 , 现在有点黑暗 , 感兴趣 , 更有创造力的男人 , 更有创造力 。
the nqae and qam decide if additional action is required and implement this action to ensure that planned audits are performed as stipulated .	nqae和qam决定是否需要额外行动 , 并实现此行动 , 以确保计划审计作为规划审计 。
it also can protect the magnetic restraint busbar protection from maloperation possibly caused by variation of the secondary load of ct .	此外 , 还可以通过ct的二次负荷变化 , 保护磁约束总线保护 。
the results indicated that the clean degree of ulc slab adapting two production technology was approximately consistent at the steady state casting ;	结果表明 , 在稳态铸造过程中 , 紫外板的清洁程度适应了两种生产技术的清洁程度 。
a deliverable is a measurable , verifiable work product such as a specification , feasibility study report , detailed design document , or working prototype .	可交付的是一种可测量的、可验证的工作产品 , 如规范、可行性研究报告、详细的设计文档或工作原型 。
the confederate soldiers promised not to fight anymore . in return for this promise , they were released on parole and sent home to their families .	联合国军队承诺不再战斗 , 为此 , 他们被释放在巴罗里 , 送回家 。
caterpillars move by a wave that starts at the back end of their body and sweeps through each segment until it reaches the head , pushing it forward .	船长从身体的后端移动 , 直到达到头部 , 把它推向前 。
the moscow station has grayscale mosaics depicting scenes from dostoevsky's stories , which are characteristically dark and violent .	莫斯科站有着灰色的摩西哥摩西哥的场景 , 从多托维斯基的故事中描绘出来 , 这是特别黑暗和暴力 。
globalization is an irresistible trend and the author thinks that chinese economy and culture will benefit more during the process of globalization .	全球化是一种不可抵御的趋势 , 作者认为中国经济和文化在全球化过程中将会有益于更多的影响 。
by forcing them to review his departure , mr nozoe may help instil one last reform: greater transparency and accountability at the level of the board .	通过迫使他们回顾他的离婚 , 诺佐先生可能有助于实施最后一个改革:在董事会水平更大的透明度和会计性 。
maybe they like us . we've had david beckham , robert pires , dennis bergkamp , jens lehmann and now thierry again .	也许他们喜欢我们 , 我们有大卫贝克汉姆 , 罗伯特·皮尔斯 , 丹尼·伯格卡普 , 詹姆·莱曼和现在又一次 。
they hugged each other , and dr . stoddard whispered in mrs . thompson's ear , " thank you mrs . thompson for believing in me . "	他们互相撞击了 , 斯塔德博士在汤普森先生耳朵里 , " 谢谢汤普森先生相信 。
overscheduled , stressed , or worried kids often start sleeping less than they should , and sleep deprivation has serious consequences .	过度调度 , 压力 , 或者担心孩子经常会开始睡眠 , 而睡眠剥夺也有严重的后果 。
in 1825he bought land for a farmandfactory commune in indiana . it attracted farmers , artisans and intellectuals .	1825年 , 他在印度买了土地 , 吸引了农民 , 阿特兰人和知识分子 。
through a combination of extravagance and mismanagement , celebrity photographer annie leibovitz finds herself $24m in debt .	通过联合提高和错误管理 , 庆祝摄影师安妮·莱伯维茨在债务中发现自己的24亿美元 。
mr . chen wenhao required a unified thought to guarantee the complete fulfillment of all kinds of work and the success of the convention .	陈文海先生需要一个统一的思想 , 保证各种工作的完整实现 , 成功的会议 。
recently , discoveries of early human remains in china and spa,in have cast doubt on the 'out of africa' theory , but noone was certain .	近年来 , 中国早期人类的发现仍然存在于中国和西班牙 , 对于非洲理论的怀疑 , 但没有人确定 。
in 1995 , he wrote a lyric titled " a child in a temple " , describing his life and studies in the temple when he was young .	1995年 , 他在庙里写了一篇小说 " 一个孩子 " , 描述了他的生命和年轻时的研究 。
the reports of a given jurisdiction in the course of a generation take up pretty much the whole body of the law , and restate it from the present point of view .	据报道 , 在一代出现的一代 , 法律的整体体上 , 法律的审判报告 , 重新从现代的角度重新启用 。
but he decided to pick up the pen , groping , continue writing , write every word , he needs to pay ordinary people can not imagine the hard work .	但是他决定采取笔 , 成长 , 继续写作 , 每一句话 , 他需要支付普通人不能想象工作 。
the " table of import tax rates on personal luggage of passengers and personal postal parcels " is part and parcel of this set of provisions .	" 进口税率 " 是旅客和个人邮政园 " 的一部分 , 是本规定的一部分和公园 。
about 20 years ago the city and certain visionary private developers began trying to change that too , renovating commercial space into loft apartments .	大约20年前 , 城市和某些视觉私人开发人员开始试图改变 , 改革商业空间进入洛杉矶公寓 。
let the host family knows clearly the time/place/destination/counterpart in advance and get the consent when you want to go on a trip or stay out .	让主人家人清楚了解时间/地方/地方/地方 , 另外 , 当你想去旅行时 , 就会得到同意 。
by the way , there were lots of flatlike buildings in former soviet union , in which there were public toilets , bathrooms and kitchens .	然而 , 在前苏联有很多平坦的建筑物 , 其中有公共厕所、浴室和厨房 。
second , there are some diabetes patients who may benefit from avandia , and third , patients on avandia may wish to remain on the drug .	其次 , 有一些糖尿病患者可能从阿富汗获益 , 第三 , 阿富汗患者可能希望保持药物 。
hwang later admitted faking data to make the papers look better but claimed that a colleague duped him into thinking that the cell lines were genuine .	王后来承认打击数据使得这篇论文更好 , 但声称 , 一个同事使他想起细胞线是真正的 。
it also ensures that your application back end runs with your usual privileges , so you don't have to make crucial files worldwriteable , which is a big plus .	此外 , 还保证您的应用程序后端与常用的特权运行 , 所以你不必让关键文件全球可编写 , 这是一个很大的附加 。
phoenix suns chief executive and president rick welts , a longtime nba executive , told the new york times he's gay .	凤凰太阳首席执行官和总统rickwelt , 长期的nba执行官 , 告诉纽约时候他是同性恋的 。
the running fund of associated club are collected through moneyraising by the participants , and authority provide places and sports facilities .	由参与者收集相关俱乐部的运营基金 , 由参与者收集资金 , 权威提供了地方和运动设施 。
it tummysolutely speeds recovery from leg ulcers simprove the report by the university of leeds' school of heingterneveryivehcare .	它真的是从法律溃疡学校简化报告中恢复的速度 , 提高了莱德斯大学河道交流学校的报告 。
the death of king bhumibol adulyadej of thailand means queen elizabeth ii has become the world's longestreigning living monarch .	泰国王的死亡意味着伊丽莎白二世成为世界上最长的生命君主 。
article 44 where the orderer has prescribed the qualifications for the construction enterprises to contract the works , the provisions of such qualifications shall apply .	第四百四十四条建筑企业的质量化 , 应当适用这种规定 。
this paper deals with the cultivation of spirulina platensis in large areas . it was successful and predicted for splendid prospects of spirulina cultivation .	文章以大面积脊髓平原的培养为基础 , 为脊髓培养提供了成功预测和预测 。
product simple , fresh , unique style , smell fragrant soak into the depths of bamboo heart , elegant and refined , unique .	产品简单 , 新鲜 , 独特的风格 , 闻到竹心深度 , 优雅 , 精炼 , 独特 。
author has analyzed the poisoning reason of catalyst in kellog ammonia converter , presented the technical measures preventing catalyst from poison .	作者分析了kellogmonia转换器催化剂的毒性原因 , 提出了防止毒素催化剂的技术措施 。
incomplete diallel crosses were made ir an experiment with bivoltine races of silkworm to study the genetic effects of six quantitative characters .	研究了六种量子特性的遗传效应 , 研究了六种量子特征遗传效应 。
when i see pure on all sides , yet discover a god to only have me in the debt is 2 human with suo promise , didn't see the diagram of fu nuo at all .	当我看到纯洁的时候 , 却发现上帝只有我在债务中 , 只有2个人 , 可是 , 不能看到福恩图 。
there are several good ways to do that , including a swot analysis , evaluating your market , developing your organizational identity or simply forecasting sales .	有几种好办法 , 包括swot分析 , 评估你的市场 , 开发你的组织身份或简单预测销售 。
wander round to the gulang villa hotel , also on gulangyu , and you'll see three rather downatheel looking seafood restaurants right next to each other .	走廊回到古兰维拉酒店 , 还在广州 , 你会看到三个别人看看海鲜餐馆 , 另外 , 另外 , 还可以看到 。
this invention provides a set of selfpowered mechanical device , an autoregulating movable weirplate , a backflushing buffer and liftpull valve .	本发明提供了一套自动化的机械装置 , 一种自动调节可移动的螺旋 , 反流缓冲和升降阀 。
in this paper , the authors give two propositions to find the conditional extremes of multivariable functions by using simple forms of cauchy inequality .	文章通过简单的方法 , 给出了两种方法 , 找出了多变函数的条件极端 。
the paper chooses 147 private enterprises as samples , analyses the 21 inner influencing factors by factor analysis and get 7 common factors .	本文选择了147家私营企业作为样品 , 通过因子分析 , 得到7个共同因素 , 分析了21个内在影响因素的因素 。
the behavior of ca alginate immobilized yeast and polyvinyl alcohol immobilized yeast for continuous production of ethanol is studied .	研究了在连续生产乙醇连续生产过程中 , 初始化酵母和聚乙烯醇的行为 。
doing so has all sorts of bad consequences , including poor performance , massive system backups , deterring manageability , and increasing odds of failure .	因此 , 各种不良后果 , 包括差异性能 , 大规模系统备份 , 决定性 , 管理性能 , 增加失败的奇迹 。
a novel approach to the realtime speech quality evaluation in a packet network using feedforward multiple class random neural network was presented .	提出了一种利用反馈多阶级随机神经网络的实时语言质量评价方法 。
nevertheless , in the process that await , 9 cities must the loss of the prediction of a person's luck in a given year that susceptive is a player and income .	然而 , 在等待的过程中 , 9个城市必须预测一个人在一年中幸运的预测是一个球员和收入 。
objective:to investigate the relationship between the changes of plasm endothelin and nitric oxide and blood pressure in patients with essential hypertension .	目的:探讨血浆内皮素和肾氧化物对高血压患者血压的关系 。
after the meeting , dai and kim watched the debut of the opera , " the dream of the red chamber " , along with the dprk people from all walks of life .	在会议之后 , 大卫和金正在看着戏剧的辩论 , " 红楼的梦想 " , 沿着dprk人生的各行走 。
objective to test the strength of different suture fixation of tendon or ligament end and evaluate appropriate stitches number in cruciate ligament reconstruction .	目的探讨不同固定倾向或韧带结合的强度 , 评价合适的韧带重建数量 。
it is necessary to calculate the loading situation when designing arch pipe . the computation and application of arch pipes in crossing project is mainly discussed .	主要讨论了在设计拱管时加载情况 , 计算了拱管的计算和应用情况 , 主要讨论了拱管在跨工程中的应用 。
objective to evaluate the value of magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatographyin the diagnosis of benign and malignant bile tract obstructions .	目的探讨磁共振胆道梗阻的诊断价值 。
experts believe this is largely due to the fact that men have thicker skin which hides the appearance of bulging fat cells that cause cellulite .	专家认为 , 这大部分是因为男性有厚皮肤 , 隐藏出现造成细胞的脂肪细胞的出现 。
i'll talk about who will benefit from the course and a little bit about sort of the detailed subject matter that we'll cover in the course of this semester .	我会谈到谁会从课程中获益 , 以及一些关于我们在本学期的详细的课程中 , 我们会在课程中覆盖的问题 。
does your stomach tense ? your breathing quicken ? your pulse race ? your hands tremble ? these sensations prevented carly simon from performing live for years .	你的胃紧张吗 ? 你的呼吸迅速 ? 你的脉冲比赛吗 ? 你的手抱着吗 ? 这些感觉阻止了几年来的车运动 。
during the production of hog cholera rabbitadapeted bovine testis cellular vaccine , there occurred that the virulence of the vaccine has not attained its standard .	霍格霍克莱拉霍克莱拉·拉伯塔拉提试验室疫苗生产过程中 , 出现疫苗的病毒并没有获得其标准 。
the active chlorine atoms were introduced in the chlorinated cispolybutadiene through a strong organic acid containing active chlorine .	通过强有机氯酸含有活性氯化氯的有机酸 , 引入了氯化氯的活性氯原子 。
our companys product are very well , and the products are wellselled in the world , such as : eastasia . and we have a great number of costoms in the world , es . japen , korea .	我公司产品很好 , 产品在世界上销售 , 比如:东方 , 我们在世界上有很多成本 , 日本 , 韩国 。
soil salinization is one of the major factors compromising crop growth and leading to soil degeneration and desertification in natural ecological environment .	土壤盐化是农作物生长的主要因素之一 , 导致土壤变化和自然生态环境的主要因素之一 。
this name in explaining their motives mayor acknowledged media reports of criminal incidents over the city xi wali , he is writing reports balance .	这个名字在解释他们的动机市长承认媒体报告在城市xiwali的犯罪事故报告 , 他正在写报告平衡 。
this papers mainly introduces the making principles , properties , affecting factors and uses of the neutral silicone sealant for building and decoration .	本文主要介绍了中硅密封剂的制造原理、性能、影响因素和使用因素 。
current work includes a contemporary five bedroom house , a modern home over 1500m square and the complete redesignofafamilyhouse .	目前的工作包括当代五间卧室 , 一个现代居住在1500万平方公里 , 全部退休家庭 。
and then , there's also a sincere and urgent question about how the person is middle aged person , and he doesn't want to waste time , and you know how should he practice .	然后 , 还有一个真诚的和迫切的问题 , 关于这个人如何是中年人 , 他不想浪费时间 , 你知道他怎么做 。
english idioms become the subject of aesthetics , for the inborn attractiveness , appeal and sociality which turns to be aesthetical values .	英语学习成为审美学的主题 , 对于出生吸引力、吸引力和社会价值来说 , 英语学习成为审美价值 。
the cachedrowsetimpl implementation is scrollable , allowing you to scroll backwards and forwards amongst the set of records represented by a rowset .	缓存行更简单的实现是可扩展的 , 允许您在一系列记录中滚动后面和前面 。
yet as our special report in this week’s issue shows , the achievements of germany , europe’s biggest economy , tell a rather different story .	然而 , 作为我们在本周的特殊报告显示 , 德国的成就 , 欧洲最大的经济 , 告诉一个不同的故事 。
calls to the api take the form of an http request to an established service entrypoint url , including details of the request as xml data .	向api调用htttp请求的形式来建立服务进入点url , 包括xml数据的详细信息 。
malaysia still keeps primary and secondary schools . pupils are taught in chinese except for the subjects of english and malay culture .	马来西亚仍然保持初级和二级学校 , 除了英语和马来文化主题外 , 外 , 外 , 马来西亚仍然教育 。
this lets you generate pdf files , xls spreadsheets , or dynamic web pages without actually opening an ide and compiling any code .	这让您生成pdf文件 , xls扩展表 , 或者动态web页面 , 实际上没有开放ide并编译任何代码 。
the results show that the effect intension of sexselective abortion had been increasing in the course of time and it was uneven upon fertile women with different demographic characteristics .	结果表明 , 随着不同民主特点的提高 , 性选择性吸收的影响 , 随着不同民主特点的增加而增加 。
the core of higher education is to train the students of gain creative abilites . the key lies in the teachers'guidance and the students'participation .	高等教育的核心是培养有创造力的学生 , 是教师指导和学生参与的关键 。
a new contract for robin van persie is on arsène wenger's agenda but he does not want the issue to become a media obsession in the months to come .	罗宾·范佩西的新合同在阿森纳温格的议会上 , 但他不希望这个问题在几个月内成为媒体观念 。
the beauty of seven < /p> < p> son hostage threatened chen yu , chen yu eventually did not dare let america hurt , let these people .	七个</p><p>儿子主持者威胁陈元 , 最终不敢让美国伤害 , 让这些人 。
i did my home work when planning for the trip to angkor wat . i knew it would be hard to take good pictures of basreliefs using the built in flash on the camera .	我的家工作是在计划到陌生人看的时候做的 , 我知道 , 很难利用摄像机上建立好的碎片 。
botrytis and anthracnose can cause rot of leaves and loss of young growth , usually stems lying on the ground or splashed during irrigation .	波利蒂斯和阿拉诺斯可以导致叶子的转变 , 年轻的增长 , 通常是在灌溉过程中滑动 。
the quality means person's general conditions which includes the person's quality of thought and moral , science ond culture , labour skill .	质量意味着人类的普遍条件 , 包括人类的思想质量和道德质量 , 科学在文化上 , 劳动技能 。
wang wei expresses to this , cent brews really into the plan long already , the most crucial problem that faces is advertisement advocate admit degree .	王伟对此表示表达 , 中央公布了很长的计划 , 面临广告的最重要问题是承认程度 。
we can reship orders that are returned to us as undeliverable or unclaimed . however , customers will be charged resend shipping fee per parcel .	然而 , 我们可以向我们返回的订单 , 可是不可交付或不声称的 , 客户将被收费每个公园的货物费用 。
price undertakings shall not be sought or accepted unless mofcom have made a preliminary affirmative determination of dumping and injury caused by such dumping .	价格承担不应该被认为是或接受的 , 除非莫菲com已经做出了初步的确定 , 否则 , 因此引起的污染和伤害 。
results anthocyanin from purple sweet potato consists of cyanidin , delphinidin , malvidin , petunidin and methyl anthocyanins .	结果紫色糖钾含有氰胺、三苯胺、马林、花生素、甲基甲烷和甲基甲烷 。
get to know different types of smoking woods for making barbeque brisket and learn more about bbq grills and fire pits in this free cooking video .	了解不同类型的吸烟木材 , 为了制造酒吧砖 , 学习更多关于bbqgills和消防pit在这个自由烹饪视频 。
solar alternativeitude , azimuth , geography longitude , latitude , alternativeitude , cloud cover , atmospheric transparency .	太阳能替代地位、地理长期、纬度、替代位置、云覆盖、大气透明度 。
designer li xinggang once said the bowl shape would help spectators focus on the bottom center of the container , and integrate people and the structure as a whole .	设计师李兴刚曾经说 , 这个碗形状会帮助观众集中在容器底部 , 集成了人们和结构 。
there might be no better place in the world to learn to scuba dive than the glassy seas around key west , at the southernmost tip of the u . s .	世界上没有更好的地方 , 学会比美国最南部最南部的美国大部分地方的玻璃海洋死亡 。
u . s . president barack obama is devoting most of his time and public appearances these days to one issue reforming the nation's health care system .	美国总统巴拉克奥巴马在这几天的时间和公众出现了改革全国卫生保健体系的一个问题 。
the components of starch , fat , amino acid and ash were determined to analyzed nutrient components of iron stick yam and bubil .	研究了淀粉、脂肪、氨基酸和灰分子的成分 , 研究了铁酸和泡沫的营养成分 。
i am a totally shock when i read this message , then i though back what he sms me last night , he seems like have some kind of showing since yesterday .	当我读到这个消息时 , 我完全震惊的时候 , 然后我觉得他最后一天晚上 , 他看起来就像昨天那样有些显示 。
as a characteristic type of city , resources cities have ever made great achievements in building up the whole industry and national economy system for china .	作为一个特殊城市 , 资源城市 , 已有很大的成就 , 建立整个行业和国家经济体系 。
introduced are basic principle , process flow , technical characteristics and engineering example of locat sulfur recovery process and its application prospect in china .	介绍了当地硫回收过程的基本原理、工艺流程、工程特点和工程实例及其在我国应用前景 。
if you've used rails acts_as_authenticated , you know that a loggedin user will set the value associated with the :user key within the session .	如果您已经使用了rails操作操作 , 您知道 , 一个logedin用户将设置与:user内部的值相关的值 。
dinstein explained neural activity continues even during sleep and in a typical brain , normally correlates to certain patterns .	迪恩斯坦解释了神经活动 , 即使在睡眠过程中 , 在典型的大脑中 , 通常与某些模式相关 。
the team also designed a removable observation tower that could be used to direct the fire of the howitzers and rockets while the tank was in a turret down position .	这个团队还设计了一种可移动的观测塔 , 可以用来直接导致火箭和火箭的火箭 , 而坦克在一个火箭的位置中 。
our government should build various facilities such as sewage treatment plant and encourage scientists to work out more and better ways to reduce water pollution .	我们的政府应该建立各种各样的设施 , 如污水处理厂 , 鼓励科学家工作更多 , 减少水污染 。
although they risked being heckled for saying so , chinese voices on the web suggested that public opinion here is ready for something more sophisticated .	尽管在网络上说 , 中国的声音很危险 , 但中国的声音建议在这里公众的意见已经准备了一些更多的复杂的事情 。
newland archer , looking out of his hotel window atthe stately gaiety of the paris streets , felt his heartbeating with the confusion and eagerness of youth .	纽兰阿切尔 , 看着他的酒店窗户 , 在巴黎街的州立公园里 , 感觉他的心脏与青年混乱和青年的混乱 。
ben: yes . numerous people stayed up that night and on tv i saw people walking on the chang' an street waving the national flags excitedly .	本:是的 , 很多人住在那夜 , 电视上 , 我看到人们走在长城的街道上 , 激动着全国旗帜 。
interrogation hermione , he did admit that xiuzhi and zhimin also try their best to help cover hermione , the responsibility to push on the whole region .	他承认 , 胡子和志明也试图帮助赫密尼 , 负责推动整个地区的责任 。
even though the fitted bodice can draw attention to ladies with smaller or heavier busts , small adjustments can be made to provide a more balanced shape .	虽然适合的身体也可以引起更小的或更重的缓冲 , 但小的调整可以提供更平衡的形状 。
clearly , different levels of management , whether shorebased or at sea , will require varying levels of knowledge and awareness of the items outlined .	显然 , 不同的管理水平 , 无论海岸基础或海域 , 是否需要不同的知识水平和知识水平 。
the government allowed sharia law to be imposed there earlier this year after failing to suppress the twoyear offensive by armed extremists in the region .	今年早些时候 , 政府允许沙利亚法律被武装极端主义压制两年之后 , 今年政府允许希里亚法律被禁止 。
he added english subtitles for the movie were provided in eight local cinemas , although seven of them only showed its 2d version , according to the report .	据报道 , 他补充了英国电影的代表 , 虽然7个人只展示了它的2d版本 。
according to daly , an apple representative spoke to him by phone to inform him that the rejection of the app was due to its " politically charged " nature .	据大卫报道 , 一位苹果代表人对他说话 , 告诉他 , 这个应用程序的拒绝是由于它的 " 政治收费 " 自然而引起的 。
the scientific basis for establishing a set of scientific and integrated system of examination for further carrying out postgraduate education thorou...	科学基础是建立一套科学综合考试体系 , 为进一步实施毕业后教育进一步的综合体系 。
perhaps most importantly , cd19l killed even those leukemia cells that were highly resistant to both standard chemotherapy drugs as well as radiation .	可能最重要的是 , cd19l杀死了甚至在两个标准化疗药物和辐射的白血病细胞中 , 甚至有很高的抑制作用 。
the system will enable warfighters to use handheld computers to request fullmotion video of area of interests such as suspected enemy positions or hostile territory .	系统将允许战士使用手持电脑 , 请求全面的利益 , 例如嫌疑敌人位置或敌人领域 。
ok is without doubt the bestknown and widesttravelled americanism , used and recognised even by people who hardly know another word of english .	好的是 , 没有疑问最好的美国主义和最聪明的美国主义 , 甚至很难认识到另一个英语的人 。
organizational keep zhou muyang when on the junction of the traffic policemen , in order to convenient life , she will be home and moved to the east china sea .	组织保持周明阳在交通政策的结束中 , 为了便利生活 , 她将回家搬到中国东海 。
the princess bride is the perfect romantic movie for men because it celebrates virtues that are important to the muddier sex , as well as the fairer .	公主新娘是男性的完美浪漫电影 , 因为它庆祝了美德性的重要角色 , 以及公平 。
in the course of a few weeks tess revived sufficiently to show herself so far as was necessary to get to church one sunday morning .	在几个星期的时候 , tes恢复了几个星期天早上 , 才能显示自己 , 至今要去教会一天早上 。
the approach uses a fibrin gel to support rat cardiac cells temporarily , before the fibrin breaks down as the cells organize into tissue .	这种方法使用纤维素凝胶来支持大鼠心脏细胞 , 在纤维素破裂之前 , 将细胞组织成组织 。
discusses the windows which play an important role in building's energy saving and points nut that the lowe glass is the best one in this respect at present .	讨论了建筑能源节能的窗口 , 指出低玻璃是目前最好的一个角色 。
over time , as we age , the number of mutations begins to outstrip the system’s ability to makerepairs , and mitochondria start malfunctioning and dying .	随着我们的年龄 , 许多突变开始展示系统的能力 , 以及米托克隆德里亚开始自我功能和死亡 。
a separate study of holozooplankton , that look like tiny transparent insects , doubled the number of known species from 7 , 000 to 14 , 000 .	一个独立的全洛唑普拉克顿的研究 , 看起来像小型透明昆虫 , 两倍来自7 , 000到14万种 。
running the traditional kind of business is very stressful ! after trying out amway's products , and seeing how our upline was having such a great time , we decided to join .	运行传统的商业是非常紧张的 ! 在尝试一直的产品之后 , 看看我们的上线是如此伟大的时候 , 我们决定加入 。
the blood is a human life is so important in human language , blood on the terms of the very rich , such as the energetic , emotional , hard , and so on .	血液是人类语言的重要生命 , 是人类语言的重要内容 , 血液在丰富的领域 , 如能量、情感、艰难等 。
berg got up , and cautiously embracing his wife so as not to crush the lace bertha , for which he had paid a round sum , he kissed her just on her lips .	伯格得到了 , 很谨慎地把他的妻子拿起来 , 所以不要破坏贝特哈 , 因为他付了一圈钱 , 他就吻了她的嘴唇 。
national oilwell varco has developed the next generation program , which will train and develop high potential college graduates for future leadership positions .	全国石油威尔科已经开发了下一代的工程 , 将培训和开发高潜在的大学毕业生为未来领导地位 。
railcars , carrying passengers and goods , are main tache in the railage . with the development of society , railage makes higher and higher demands on railcars .	铁路 , 携带乘客和货物 , 是铁路铁路的主要任务 , 随着社会的发展 , 铁路的发展越来越高 , 铁路需求越高 。
she keeps a hopechest of items that were important to her husband: quilts made out of hisshirts , pillows made from his ties , his holeinone ball .	她保持希望最重要的物品 , 是她丈夫的丈夫:很快从他的衬衫里拿出来 , 枕头 , 枕头从他的衬衫里 , 他的角球 。
in the paper , the world uranium resources , its distribution and changes in some countries are introduced by using the information from red bookpublished in 2006 .	文章介绍了在2006年出版的红书的信息中 , 世界铀资源、其在一些国家的分布和变化 。
now , the wahl ningbo is planning to develop domestic market both in professional , animal and consumer markets . we hope more people join us and we will be much better tomorrow .	现在 , 华尔宁波计划在专业、动物和消费市场中开发国内市场 , 我们希望更多人参与我们 , 明天我们将更好 。
a separate report on friday showed consumer credit rose in november for the second straight month after 20 months of declines , which could bode well for spending .	星期五 , 一份独立的报告显示 , 消费者信用增长在20个月之后的下降 , 这可能会为消费者提供良好的支出 。
conclusionusing cgms and csii in diabetic patients can get valuable information about blood sugar drift and offer a reasonable clinical therapy .	结论糖尿病患者的cgmsi和csi可获得有价值的信息 , 并提供合理的临床疗法 。
an online hiphop community , has received an equity investment from universal music group the financial details of the investment were not disclosed .	网上hiphop社区已经收到了一家从普遍音乐集团的股权投资 , 这些投资的财务细节不公开 。
but town planners , zealously trying to turn the capital into a modern , efficient and cosmopolitan city , have consigned most of them to history .	但是城市规划者 , 齐心地试图把资本转变成现代、有效、有效和宇宙主义城市 , 已经认为大多数都是历史 。
wordpress:pages are like posts but " live outside of the normal blog chronology " as you are reminded when you visit the manage pages subpanel .	词汇:像邮件一样 , 但是 " 正常的博客染色技术 " , 就像你在访问管理页子panel的时候你所提醒的那样 。
the baby effective early learning program in the uk is a perfect and multiplex assessment system with the combination of evaluation making and education processes .	英国婴儿有效早期学习计划是评价和教育过程的完善评价体系 。
the addition of tapp has improved the compression strength and modulus of rpuf with respect to the compatibility enhancement derived from coupling agent .	此外 , 提高了rpuf的压缩强度和压缩强度 , 从耦合剂出发 , 提高了rpuf的兼容性 。
this article introduces the villa named " bamboo wall " which was designed by the japanese architect kengo kuma , with analysis of the design process .	本文介绍了由日本建筑师kengokuma设计的 " 竹墙 " 的维拉 , 并对设计过程进行了分析 。
next , do an immediatemode compare of register 3 with the number 0 and store the result in register 4 with ceqi $4 , $3 , 0 .	接下来 , 做了一个立即的模式与注册3相比 , 并存储在注册4中4美元 , qi$3 , 0美元 。
on sunday the observer claimed that " the tea party rose out of anger over the scale of federal spending , and in particular in bailing out the banks " .	周日 , 观察家声称 , " 茶党在联邦支出范围内出现愤怒 , 尤其是在破产银行 。
by the late 1990s , however , licensing samples had become so costly that many rappers began to create backing tracks and sounds from scratch instead .	然而 , 到了1990年代末 , 许可样品已经变成了那么昂贵 , 许多拉普尔人开始创造回溯跟踪和声音 。
the fiveyear survival rate for melanoma is about 98 percent if detected early but can be as low as 15 percent when detected at an advanced stage .	如果发现早期检测到的话 , 五年的生存率大约是98% , 但是在先进阶段检测到的时候 , 发现的5年的生存率是低于15% 。
but after the passing of galadriel in a few years celeborn grew weary of his realm and went to imladris to dwell with the sons of elrond .	但是在几年来 , 加拉德里尔的过去之后 , 出生了几年的庆祝 , 他的父亲 , 和埃伦的儿子一起来到伊拉德里 。
on the evening of march 28 , 2001 , chilean president met with foreign minister tang who was in chile to attend the east asialatin america forum .	2001年3月28日晚上 , 智利总统与外交部长唐在智利参加东美论坛 。
on the back side of the glove are hundreds of rhinestones individually sewn on . this glove is a significant piece of pop history .	在后面的一面 , 布上有数百只红石石头 , 这个眼镜是波普历史的重要组成部分 。
business is booming for detroitbased companies in china today , and those partnerships are paying off at a time when sales in the u . s . have been less than stellar .	今天 , 中国的企业正在增长 , 这些合作伙伴在美国销售的时候 , 美国的销售比稳定 。
the outlook on organic form in new criticism consists of three concepts such as " literary autonomy " , " organic whole " and " unity of opposites " .	新批评的有机形式是由 " 文学自治 " 、 " 有机整体 " 和 " 反对派统一 " 三个概念组成的 。
the following command will create , within volume group testvg , a jfs2 file system of 10mb with mounting point /fs2 and having read only permissions	下面的命令将创建 , 在体积组测试vg中 , jfs2文件系统使用安装点/fs2 , 只读取允许的jfs2文件 。
objective to study the relationship between interleukin 6 and interleukin 18 levels in serum and the syndrome differentiation of rheumatoid arthritis .	目的探讨白蛋白6和白蛋白18水平在血清中间的关系 , 以及风湿性动脉炎综合鉴别 。
the current operation state and problems of electromagnetic stirring system of skf furnace of no . 1 steel mill of maanshan iron & steel co .	目前 , 马山铁铁铁铁铁矿1钢铁矿钢铁铁铁矿的电磁搅拌系统的电磁搅拌系统的运行状态和问题 。
meanwhile , double lineage inheritance , equal inheritance between the sexes , and establishment of individual property have become the basic content .	同时 , 双线遗传 , 等于性别之间的遗传 , 建立个性产权的基本内容已经成为基本内容 。
the perfect state of love is being single and alone , just like the flower words delivered by garland flowers : keep the memory in the summer ...	爱的完美状态是单独独独的 , 就像花朵一样 , 就像花朵交给的花朵:夏天的记忆...
the huadian basin situated in southern jilin province of ne china is a half graben basin and lies to north of the dunhuamishan faults .	华大盆地位于中国南部吉林省 , 是一半格拉伯盆地 , 位于荷兰盆地北部 。
this unit features two 128gallon mixing tanks , a 30gallon holding hopper and a flanged inlet progressive cavity grout pump .	这个单元特性为两个128加仑混合罐 , 一个30加仑的持有hopper和一个变形的输入式进口腔灌注泵 。
although " reasonable pluralism " often characterizes the public culture of a democracy , the mainstream ideology in modern times is economism .	虽然 " 合理的多元主义 " 经常表现出民主的公共文化 , 但现代主流思想的主流思想是经济主义 。
a chemicalriskassessment model system is recently constructed , based on updated atmospheric dispersion numerical algorithms and the adjoint method .	最近 , 建立了一种基于更新大气分散算法和相邻方法的化学模型 。
the selection of commodities and the assignment of weights require careful consideration , but if done properly inflation will no longer be a matter of concern .	商品的选择和重量的分配需要仔细考虑 , 但如果完全的通货膨胀不再是关注的问题 。
methods according to the reasonable operative plan , operation was performed under the guidance of ct and bultrasonotomography on the examining table with carm .	方法根据合理的操作计划 , 采用ct和超声波图对照卡姆检查表进行操作 。
now therefore know certainly that ye shall die by the sword , by the famine , and by the pestilence , in the place whither ye desire to go and to sojourn .	所以当然知道 , 黄必然会死于剑 , 由著名而死 , 因此 , 在祭司的地方 , 是的欲望 , 要去去享受 。
an integrating analog to digital converter is disclosed that comprises a delay locked loop which is synchronized to a reference clock signal .	讨论了数字转换器的集成模拟 , 包括一个延迟锁环 , 同步到参数钟信号 。
the newspaper said that hkma will increase its exposure in the two european capitals through the exchange fund , an investment vehicle hkma manages .	报纸称 , hkma将通过交易基金会增加两个欧洲资本的暴露 , 投资汽车hkma管理 。
stocks' recent pullback has put renewed pressure on household budgets . the s&p 500 index has fallen about 4 percent so far in july .	股票最近的压力已经在家庭预算上增加了压力 , 标准普尔500指数今年7月下降了4% 。
and he reinstituted limits on nongovernmental organizations that operate overseas and receive u . s . taxpayer money from performing abortions .	他在非政府组织上重新限制了美国税收者从执行出口的非政府机构 , 并接受美国税收者资金的限制 。
if special circumstances prevent this from being realized , it may issue them in installments with the approval of the securities committee of the state council .	如果特殊情况防止这种情况 , 那么它可能会与国家委员会的证券委员会的批准发他们安装 。
in general relativity , time is considered a dimension like height , width and depth , creating a four dimensional universe called spacetime .	总体来说 , 时间与高度、宽度、深度相比 , 创造了一个称为空时的四维宇宙 。
few people were custom to making inquiries of their souls from very earlier due to it is more difficult to inspect one's own heart than write a resume .	很少人习惯于早些时候 , 他们的灵魂的询问 , 因为他们的灵魂更难以检查自己的心 , 比写回报要多 。
a spokesman for fernando lugo , paraguay’s president , said that he would continue in office despite being diagnosed with lymphatic cancer .	巴拉圭总统的发言人弗南多·卢戈表示 , 尽管他仍然在诊断淋巴癌的办公室 。
the permit holder shall ensure that the project is designed , constructed and operated in accordance with the information and recommendations contained in the eia report .	据媒体报告 , 允许保证该项目的设计、建设和操作 , 按照信息和建议 , 确保该项目的设计、建设和操作 。
this model duration is longer , disappear naturally slow also , if have reappearance rash , can show constantly snakelike , annulus much shape , more annular .	这种模型的时间更长 , 自然缓慢 , 如果有重复的射线 , 可以显示不断的蛇类 , 多种形状 , 更多的圆形 。
in 2007 , niu niu joined emi family and thus became the world's youngest classic pianist signed by international classic music brands .	2007年 , 尼乌加入了emi家庭 , 因此成为世界上最年轻的古典钢琴家签署了国际古典音乐品牌 。
but in my experience , the base uml language is more than sufficient for documenting the essentials of the architecture of most softwareintensive systems .	但是在我经验中 , 基本uml语言对于大多数软件密集系统的架构的必要性而言 , 基本uml语言超过足够的文档 。
i think if i do some aerobic exercise at night , it could help boost my energy levels during the 15am period where i experience the most drowsiness .	我想如果我在晚上做了一些航空运动 , 可以帮助在15am的时候提高我的能量水平 。
from the first day of treatment with ae , the chemotaxis of mice pmn began to descend and the effect of large dosagegroups were greater than that of small dosage groups .	第一天 , 小鼠pmn的化学物质开始降低 , 大剂量对照组的影响比小剂量组更大 。
the presentation at the chicago conference , which recently disappeared from a siemens web site , never discussed specific places where the machines were used .	在芝加哥会议上 , 最近从西门斯网站消失的演讲 , 从来没有讨论机器使用的特殊地方 。
according to the fire statistics , the onevariable linear regression mathematical model is used to predict the spread of fire and to supervise the fire prevention .	根据火灾统计 , 采用一种可变线性回归数学模型 , 预测火灾传播 , 监督火灾防范 。
methods 245 undergraduate students were evaluated by selfrating depression scale , selfrating anxiety scale and a selfmade questionnaire .	方法采用自我抑郁规模、自我制焦虑规模、自我制定问卷评价245名毕业生 。
'we shouldn't be coerced through this process to contribute more to that effort than we're willing to do voluntarily , ' mr . lauria told the court .	劳里亚先生告诉法庭说 , 我们不应该通过这个过程来帮助更多的努力 , 比我们愿意做的努力 。
the celegians are a species of intelligent scyphozoans , appearing as floating brains trailing a cluster of prehensile tentacles .	celegians是一个智能的syphozoans , 出现于浮动大脑培养一个预先的tacle 。
studies have suggested that demand for new planes from chinese airlines will increase fivefold over the next 20 years , requiring over 2 , 000 additional aircraft .	研究表明 , 中国航空公司需求的新飞机将在未来20年内增加五倍 , 需要超过2 , 000余架飞机 。
the people of israel saw the amazing works of god and heard the thundering voice of god from mount sinai , and they trembled in righteous fear .	以色列人看见神的惊奇作品 , 听到神的声音从新加尼看见神的声音 , 就像正确的恐惧 。
in many regions , teachers engage in preparation before they start teaching in schools , a stage referred to in this document as preservice teacher education .	在许多地区 , 教师们在学校开始教学之前 , 一个阶段被称为保守老师教育的阶段 。
i can ! when eden was born he was given antibiotics to clear excess fluid from his lungs . the nicu doctors advised us to permit it .	我可以 ! 当爱德伦出生时 , 他给予了抗生素清理过剩的流体 , 尼古医生建议我们允许它 。
a friendly microclimate unfurled itself from the bottle of johnnie walker and encouraged my imagination to emerge from its burrow .	一个友好的微升级自我从约翰尼·沃尔克的瓶子里 , 鼓励我的想象力从它的棕色中出现 。
as they were passing through a grove of small trees , they heard a great fluttering over their heads and a feeble chirping in the grass by the roadside .	当他们穿过一棵小树的时候 , 他们听到了一只大树 , 沿着路边的草地里的一只可怕的灌木 。
in addition to the body has some disease outside smoked more than 10 a day or alcohol and have genital inflammation is can't use drugs of abortion .	除了身体外有一些疾病 , 外面吸烟了10天或酒精 , 还有生殖炎症 , 无法使用吸收药物 。
ie10 platform preview 1 , available for download today is the first step in delivering the next wave of progress in native html5 support .	ie10平台预测1 , 今天下载的可用性是第一步在本地html5支持的第一步 。
therefore on teaching reform , the training of the former should be combined to the training of latter so that students may improve their overall capacity in thinking .	因此 , 教学改革的教学改革 , 应该与以后的培训相结合 , 以便学生可以提高思维的整体能力 。
the ceramic coatings possess some excellent capability of corrosion resistance , heatstrike resistance , wearlessness , electric insulation and so on .	陶瓷涂料具有耐腐性、耐热性、耐磨性、耐磨性、电绝缘性等优良能力 。
the controller has been used in multiunit electric drive synchronization control system of textile dyeing machinery . it has high control presision and reliability .	采用多功能电动驱动同步控制系统在纺织染料机械中的应用 , 具有较高的控制压力和可靠性 。
conclusion discrimination dosages of 5 insecticides to adult mosquito could be used for the resistance detection of cx . pipiens pallens in china .	结论5种杀虫剂量对成年蚊子的耐药性检测可用于我国cx.pienspallens的耐药性检测 。
for most , the goal is to swallow all the grapes before the last stroke of midnight , but peruvians insist on taking in a 13th grape for good measure .	大多数情况下 , 目标是在晚上最后一次中期之前吞噬所有葡萄 , 但周维亚人坚持在13个葡萄上进行良好的测量 。
the synchronization information is carried by short code , which overcomes the difficulty of correlation code transmission in fast frequencyhopping .	通过短期代码实现同步信息 , 克服了相关代码传输的难点 。
this is what leads to the need to delineate the relationship and distinction between serviceorientation and serviceoriented technology architecture . here’s one way of breaking it down	这是导致服务方向和服务方向的技术体系之间的关系和区别 , 这是一个破坏它的方法之一 。
errors of this type get passed through into the generated code or configuration files , which can make it difficult to backtrack to the original source of the problem .	这个类型的错误通过生成的代码或配置文件传递到 , 使得它难以回溯到原始的问题来源 。
the direct cause is the emerging atmbased bisdn and the advent of adsl , the shortened form of asymmetric digital subscriber loop .	直接原因是在不对称数字子编码环境下 , 出现的原因和adssdn和adsl的预防 , 是非非对称数字子编码环境的缩短形式 。
the conclusion is that assembling waterstoring cellar is technically viable , and should be popularized in watercollection and watersaving irrigation projects .	结论:组装水电池是可行的 , 应该在水采集和节水灌溉工程中受欢迎的 。
it is important to point out , though , that schools of a certain type actively seek out waldorf graduates as potential students .	然而 , 很重要的是指出 , 某些类型的学校积极寻找沃尔多夫毕业生作为潜在的学生 。
senior officials from 21 countries are meeting in hawaii this week for the annual summit of the asia pacific economic cooperation forum apec .	本周从21个国家的高级官员在海威夷举行会议 , 亚太平洋经济合作论坛的年度峰会 。
it also discusses function of city circular road construction , the necessity of performing by stages and the station of viaduct in circular road .	文章还讨论了城市环路建设的功能 , 通过阶段和环境道路的必要性 , 探讨了城市环路建设的必要性 。
the multipurpose combined plough can combine the cultivation and loosening and implements the work of an empty entity coexistence cultivation method .	多目的是 , 多目的是 , 可以结合培养和松开 , 实现空实体共存培养方法的工作 。
sun erniangs is strongly commended by shi nai'an , revealing his advanced concepts of equality between men and women at that time .	太阳的太阳是由hinaian推荐的 , 透露了他在那时男女和女性之间的平等概念 。
some instinct had startled them , and they turned their backs on the train and began to bounce away through the grass , their motion as graceful as any ballerina's .	有些引擎开始了他们 , 他们把他们的背部转向火车 , 开始通过草地上 , 他们的运动就像任何球迷们的运动一样漂亮 。
pyridoxine : was found to be more effective than methylphenidate in treating a group of hyperactive children in a doubleblind , crossover study .	pyridoxine:在双盲、交叉研究中发现 , 比甲基苯酸酯更有效地治疗一组高活性儿童 。
advertising play a significant role in american business , furthermore , it exerts enormous effects on the nation's economy .	广告在美国的业务中扮演了重要作用 , 进一步 , 它对全国经济有着巨大的影响 。
thank you for your collection and keeping the weidong xing works and this collection card , and your behavior of collecting will also be an important part of the works .	感谢您的收集 , 保持我们的新兴作品和收集卡 , 你的行为也是收集工作的重要组成部分 。
participants who took a daily dose saw their average number of satisfying sexual experiences increase from 2 . 7 to 4 . 5 per month .	参与者每天看到他们的平均每月的性感经历增加了2.7至4.5 。
there is good oil and gas exploration potentiality in the low permeability chang 4+5 reservoir on yanchang formation in jiyuan area , ordos basin .	江南地区低渗透性变化4+5储层的油气勘探潜力较好 , 具有良好的油气勘探潜力 。
the research will look at whether taking garlic capsules can disrupt the communication system of the pathogen pseudomonas to prevent illness from taking hold .	本研究将观察花园胶囊是否能否破坏病原原体伪单体的通信系统 , 以防止疾病的危害 。
because of the special geological features in sublayers reservoir , the general method of injecting chemical agent does not fit the development of sublayers .	由于亚层储层特殊的地质特性 , 引入化学代理的普遍方法不适合亚层的发展 。
" i'm not saying that we looked dowdy , " mary says . " she said , 'you don't have to be dirty to be poor . ' i always remember that . "	" 我并不说我们看起来很多 , " 玛丽说 , " 你说 , " 你不必死去 , " 我总是记得那个 。 "
it will be said that this revolution is likely to be betrayed or hijacked , that the hardliners and the theocrats are certain to prevail at the end of the day .	据说 , 这种革命可能会被禁止或雇佣 , 这种革命可能有可能在今天结束的时候发生 。
while iq and personality test may not bear much direct relation to fechner's ideas , their spirit is the same: to measure , to quantify , to know the difference between .	虽然iq和个性测试也许不承担对费克纳的思想 , 但他们的精神是相同的:测量、量量、了解其间的差异 。
but the sandbox has walls , as weibo for now does not play much with the outside world , and is subject to a rigorous monitoring and censorship regime .	然而 , 沙盒有墙壁 , 如今魏博现在并没有与外世界发挥很多 , 而且对一个严格的监控和监控 。
well , that's a pretty big megaphone . and you'd be hardpressed , if you watched the entire day , to find a positive story about me on that front .	好的 , 这是一个很大的电话 , 你很难压抑 , 如果你看完整天的话 , 找到一个正面的故事 。
in 2008 , ceo braddock realized that one of the biggest obstacles to ordering groceries online is that consumers can't inspect and touch perishable food .	2008年 , ceobraddock认识到 , 对于订购网上最大的障碍之一就是消费者不能检查和触摸完美的食物 。
per patient treated , there is considerable variation in budgets for firstline drugs , in total ntp budgets and in total costs for each year 2002–2005 .	患者每年治疗 , 预算中有相当的变化 , 每年都有第一行药物 , 总数的ntp预算和总成本 。
also an improvement has been made by inventing a kind of composite press which possesses the advantages of both the friction press and the hydraulic press .	同时 , 通过发明一种复合压力的复合压力 , 具有摩擦压力和液压压压力的优点 。
it was considered a sign of progress that india’s parliament debated “population stabilization” this month after largely ignoring the issue for years .	这个月 , 印度议会辩论的 " 普通稳定性 " 这个月 , 这个问题大大部分忽略了几年的问题 。
guanglei is studying the bachelor of visual media at griffith university campus and provides some fun and helpful insights in to his experience at griffith .	广利正在研究格里菲大学视觉媒体的研究 , 并提供了一些有益的注意力 , 在格里菲斯的经验 。
it's useless staring at scoreboard . as nearly all the people had left the stand , hank resentfully went out of the stadium and got to the car in the parking lot .	这是无用的站在斯科尔董事会 , 几乎所有人都离开了站台 , 哈克很清楚地从体育场里走出 , 然后在停车场里得到车辆 。
while the current numbers may suggest a step in that direction , analysts say they are not a definitive indicator of a turnaround in china's trade .	尽管目前的数字可能会提出一个步骤 , 但分析师们说 , 他们并不是中国贸易界的一个定义指标 。
“this rubbish translation is edited at points , ” groused one post attached to the translation on sina . com , a popular web portal .	" 这是rubish翻译在点上编辑的 , " 一个邮件附加到sina.com的翻译中 , 一个流行的webportal 。
we analyses four main models of antimonopoly authority institution , and point that efficient power is very important to antimonopoly authority .	我们分析了反垄断权威机构的四个主要模式 , 指出有效的权力对抗垄断权威具有重要意义 。
the donor must receive proper medical followup but this is often lacking when he or she is seen as a means to making a profit , " added dr luc noel .	捐赠者必须接受适当的医疗跟踪 , 但是当他或她看作是个手段时 , 她就会缺少 , " lucnoel博士补充道 。
and what " s more , the acreages of garden plot , agroland , residential and industrial land would gain its peak and then decrease to stable state . "	此外 , 花园地区、农田、居住和工业地区的年龄越来越高 , 降低了稳定的状态 。
at least 19 people died in a stampede at the love parade dance music festival in the western german city of duisburg on july 24 , the bbc reported .	据bbc报道 , 至少有19人死于7月24日在德国德国杜伊斯堡西部的爱情节的舞蹈舞蹈节 。
imagination can make us anything , and , even if a teiresias syndrome leads to no overt acts , literature can make us anything and put us anywhere .	想象能让我们做任何事情 , 即使是爱尔西亚的综合征导致我们没有过度的行为 , 文学能使我们成为任何事情 , 让我们放在任何地方 。
after finishing , he removed flag and cheerfully wiped his mouth with it . some of stilwell's chinese are as young as 14 , few are older than 25 .	完成之后 , 他把旗子移除 , 很乐意地把嘴巴擦去 , 一些西里威尔的中国人像14岁 , 少于25岁 。
a city of westcentral peru on the pacific ocean near lima . founded in 1537 , it is peru's largest port . population , 264 , 133 .	1537年在利马附近的太平洋的一城市 , 成立于佩鲁的最大的港口 , 人口264 , 133年 。
noone made a fuss and i have found it hard to make the case that this archaeologically superrich city is much poorer without one old tumbledown mosque .	没有人造成了一个融合 , 我发现这个案例很难让这个拱形超级城市变得更糟糕 , 没有一个古老的模具 。
you must have gone through a difficult time , trying to learn a foreign language and at the same time adapting to a totally different culture and environment .	你必须经历一个艰难的时候 , 试图学习外语 , 同时适应完全不同的文化和环境 。
a man hunted for a fox and finally lost himself in the forest . he walked around anxiously . at dark he met an old lady with white hair .	一个男人打猎了一只狐狸 , 终于失去了自己在森林里 。 他在暗暗的时候 , 他遇到了一只白发的老人 。
the atoll—a ringshaped island enclosing a central lagoon—is part of the tuamotu archipelago , the largest chain of atolls on earth .	据说 , 环形的岛屿在中央的拉戈隆 , 是海啸岛的一部分 , 地球上最大的链接 。
pennaceous feathers cover the bodies of birds , and their tightly closed vanes create the aerodynamic surfaces of the wings and tail .	凤凰的羽毛覆盖着鸟体的身体 , 它们紧密关闭的花瓣 , 使翅膀和尾巴的空气动力学表面 。
it is often necessary to map one business object into another when coordinating between heterogeneous systems , or even as part of normal business logic .	当协调异构系统之间的协调时 , 通常有必要地映射一个业务对象 , 即使是正常的业务逻辑的一部分 。
but , sometimes , that fatigue stems from low iron stores , particularly prevalent among women in their 20s and 30s , who don’t eat much meat .	然而 , 有时候 , 低铁店里的疲劳干扰 , 尤其是在20年和30岁的女性中 , 特别是在她们吃不多的肉 。
the results showed the design was reasonable and the motion was reliable . the property of chain which was assembly by those hardened chain pins achieved high level in the world .	研究结果表明 , 这种设计合理 , 可靠 , 由于这些混合链的性质 , 实现了世界上高水平的高水平 。
in order to relieve the habitat pressure of coastal birds , it is necessary to build waterfowl ponds at the edge of the core zone .	为了减少沿海鸟的栖息压力 , 需要在核心区边建造水流池 。
infoq: it seems that your wish regarding the video codecs is getting closer to happen as google announced they are dropping h . 264 .	infoq:看起来 , 您的希望看到视频编码会正在更近发生 , 因为谷歌宣布他们正在下降h.264 。
madonna , cherie blair and the beckhams have all moved to silence nannies who threatened to lift the apron on their domestic lives .	马登纳 , 切里·布莱尔和贝克汉姆斯都搬到沉默的南米 , 威胁在国内生活中升级 。
equipped with a night vfr avionics suite from either dynon or garmin , getting out and back to your secret destination will also be much easier .	装备一夜的vfrvvvvvr离子套件 , 可以从一个dynon或garmin中获得并返回到您的秘密目标也很容易 。
the bars and cafes that ring the plaza have filled it with tables . families stop here after their evening stroll , or paseo , for a glass of wine .	酒吧和咖啡馆里的酒吧 , 把它充满桌子 , 家庭在晚上停在这里 , 或是一杯葡萄酒 。
according to chen xi , a senior consultant at zhaopin . com , companies discard staff who cannot generate profit in economic slumps .	据陈晓说 , 赵普林高级顾问陈晓说 , 公司不能在经济衰退中产生利润的员工 。
“our offer does not require approval from the eu , ” said ruban yogarajah , a spokesman for bhp , the world’s biggest mining company .	世界上最大的矿业公司的发言人rubanygarjajh说: " 我们不需要从欧盟批准 。 "
stockmarket indices , soaring house prices and low inflation surely did more to feed bankers’ and borrowers’ exaggerated sense of wellbeing .	股市指数 , 因此 , 房价和低通货膨胀一定更多 , 因此 , 银行家和借款人对幸福感到愤怒 。
the practice indicated that conditional knowledge is the important foundation for career development of teacher , play an unreplaceable part in teacher's routine work .	实践表明 , 条件知识是教师职业发展的重要基础 , 在教师工作中扮演不可替代的部分 。
as well as beating all other sportswomen , the 20yearold finished ahead of the likes of charlize theron , natalie portman and salma hayek .	同时 , 除了其他运动员之外 , 20岁的年轻人完成了像荷兰、纳塔里·波特里·波特曼和萨尔玛·哈伊克这样的比赛 。
to ensure that we got meaningful results , we also verified that the grid index is actually exploited for this query as explained in a later section .	为了确保我们获得了有意义的结果 , 我们还证明 , 网格指数实际上是在后一节解释的 。
for instance , in the short term market peaked , many people point to petty profits , the stock has clearly powei would also like to defend or even to cover positions !	比如 , 在短期的市场上 , 许多人指出宠物利润 , 股票明显会想保护或甚至覆盖地位 !
investors seem to be somewhat undecided , with hisoft stock down 9 percent during regular monday trading but then rebounding 17 percent in after hours .	投资者似乎在周一的交易中 , 投资者看起来几乎没有被忽视 , 而在周一的交易期间 , 股价下跌了9% 。
note that arthur is not going in to work at the crack of dawn , as he has a conversation in the burrow with amos diggory , who has already been at work for some time .	注意到 , 阿瑟斯并不会在达文裂缝中工作 , 因为他有一个与大众的交谈 , 他已经在某些时间工作了 。
typical office hierarchies don't apply: managers like farrar , who oversee teams of hundreds of artists on big films , are rootless .	典型的办公室层次并不适用:经理们如法拉尔这样的经理 , 超过数百名艺术家在大片上 , 是无根本的 。
from now , only the intelsat did the 16qam experiments in space communication , and their 16qam is made by conventional method , and its data rate is not high .	目前 , 只有16qamsat在空间通信中实验 , 他们的16qam是由传统的方法制成的 , 其数据率不高 。
laparoscopic hernia repair is a technique to fix tears in the abdominal wall using small incisions , telescopes and a patch .	腹腔镜疝修复技术是用小切口、电镜和垫子固定眼泪的一种手段 。
neither had married nor had any living heirs and my father once told me that it was because they were both too stingy to share their family wealth or pass iton .	没有婚姻 , 也没有任何生活的女孩和父亲告诉我 , 是因为他们的家庭财富和家庭财富都太稳定了 。
to the tune of an electric russian dance theme , players fit falling polyominoes into one another to clear the board and achieve the most points .	对于一个电力俄罗斯舞蹈主题的结论 , 玩家将聚氨基聚合物配合到另一个方面来清理董事会 , 达到最重要的点 。
a cree exclamation of awe , “yoho” applies perfectly to the park’s big peaks , expansive glaciers , and impressive waterfalls .	一个危险的声明说明 , " 你 " 用完全适用于公园的大峰、广阔的冰川 , 以及印象的瀑布 。
his expression_r was truly comical and at that moment i did not know whether he was a preposterous old man pulling my leg or whether he was really a simpleton .	他的表达式是真的非常热爱的 , 我不知道他是否是一个前面的老人 , 还是他是是否真的是个简单的ton 。
the design schemes , which are good or not , influence the investment and period of construction directly , and determine the service and economic results after completation of construction .	设计方案 , 直接影响建设的投资和周期 , 确定完成后的服务和经济效果 。
the invention involves fluorine plastic liner manufacturing and application technology , particularly a fluorine plastic lining composite product and its manufacturing method .	本发明涉及荧光塑料衬衣制造和应用技术 , 尤其是一种氟塑料衬衣产品及其制造方法 。
objective: to evaluate the effects of plateletderived growth factorbb on the attachment and proliferation of periodontal ligament cells on different root surfaces .	目的:探讨板材生长因子b对不同根表面的附加和增殖对不同根表面的影响 。
pyongyang , the capital of the revolution , was spruced up and the socialist fairyland was unfolded everywhere to change the looks of the country tremendously .	平壤 , 革命的首都平壤 , 正在迅速上升 , 社会主义的公平面临着巨大的变化 。
the clinkering process of the bariumcontaining sulphoaluminate cement clinker was studied by the means of high temperature microscope and xrd .	采用高温显微镜和xrd法研究了含硫酸钠水泥夹克器的冲击过程 。
cisc processors generally feature variablelength instructions , multiple addressing formats , and contain only a small number of generalpurpose registers .	cisc处理器通常具有变长指令、多地址格式 , 只包含一个小量的通用目标注册 。
to be honest , much of it had little to do with the content of the class , as we were taught the same things that any university of michigan thermo 1 student would learn .	为了确实 , 很多人对课堂内容做得很少 , 因为我们教授了米歇根大学1所学生的同样的事情 。
since china resumed the financial trust business in 1979 , the trust industry has experienced six major improvements and rectification .	自1979年中国重建金融信任业务以来 , 信任产业经历了六大改善和修改 。
objective:to observe the therapeutic efficacy of nebulized budesonide suspension plus albuterol and ipratropium bromide in childhood asthma .	目的:观察颈动脉悬浮液治疗儿童哮喘的临床疗效 。
she added all bp errors identified by the southern utes and the federal government have been corrected and the majority of them had no impact on royalty payments .	她补充了南uts和联邦政府所确认的bp错误 , 大多数国家都没有影响皇家支付的影响 。
after fleeing the marriage that her father tried to arrange , she found happiness in the netherlands but lost a close friend who was murdered by a muslim zealot .	在逃离婚姻之后 , 她的父亲试图安排 , 她在荷兰找到幸福 , 但失去了一位由穆斯林·齐拉特谋杀的亲密朋友 。
through them perfectly visible unique mechanism bugatti , built on the principle of a skyscraper , although stories in it are only five .	通过它们完全可见的独特机制布拉蒂 , 建立在天空的原则上 , 尽管在它只有五个故事 。
but the company generally doesn't give to charity ; it doesn't contribute to political campaigns ; it shouldn't be , ideally , doing any of those things .	然而 , 公司通常不会给慈善 , 不会对政治运动产生贡献 ; 它不应该是 , 理想的 , 做任何事情 。
grandma billye , who is now 96 years old , loaned him $100 to start his first business , a fireworks stand he established in the 8th grade .	现在96岁的祖母billye现在贷款了他100美元 , 他的第一家火车站在第八年级建立 。
shantou city , lake food machinery factory is a professional production of automatic diecutting machine , fengguan machine , polishing machine business .	山东市 , 湖食品机械厂是一家专业生产自动管理机械、凤莞机械、抛光机械的专业生产 。
liverpool manager rafael benitez has praised captain steven gerrard for raising his game against the background of rumours of problems with his marriage .	利物浦经理拉法尔·本尼特斯赞美了他对他的婚姻的背景 , 为了提高他的比赛 , 他的婚姻带来了很大的困扰 。
the cui madam's viewpoint is quite comprehend , accurate still have some to resent curious li xing asks for for the sake of the peony so much bothersome .	cuimadam的观点是非常简单的 , 准确的是 , 仍然有一些很好的代表性的李兴请求 , 为了花生那么多的空间 。
this article introduces a design and practice of an enterprise distributing resource planning , illuminates the structure of the drp and implementing technology .	介绍了企业分布资源规划的设计和实践 , 阐述了推广和实施技术的结构 。
renewed efforts are needed to increase support for the " three rurals " , namely the rural economy , rural development and rural demography (	改革的努力需要增加 " 三农村 " 的支持 , 即农村经济、农村发展和农村民主 " 的支持 。
the effects of roundtrip optical length fluctuation , assumed to be an ergodic random process , on a fiberoptic ring resonator are analyzed in detail .	详细分析了圆形光学长度波动的影响 , 假设是一种算法随机过程 , 对光纤环共振器进行了分析 。
this article uses a combination of probabilistic and nonprobabilistic methods to describe the uncertain factors that influence structural reliability analysis .	本文利用概率学和非概率学方法的结合 , 描述了影响结构可靠性分析的不确定因素 。
use hoil , hydrogen blocking silicone oil , hexamethyldisiloxane , d4 to synthesized the needed hydrogen silicone oil .	用热、氢阻塞硅油、六甲烷、d4合成了需要的氢硅油 。
objective to investigate the effects of total saponins of paeonia on trace elements and myocardial ultramicrostructure of dog with acute myocardial infarction .	目的探讨帕隆尼亚总皂苷对急性心肌梗死的影响及心肌超微结构的影响 。
aim to study on the alterations of t suppressor cell function in patients with ulcerative colitis and crohn's disease and their clinical significance .	目的探讨t抑制剂细胞功能在溃疡性肠炎患者的变化及其临床意义 。
we which return to together care for a tube , vernal equinox elder sister at ordinary times speak nobody too challenge don't listen to .	我们回到一起关心管子 , 垂直平衡的老妹在普通时说话没有人太挑战不听 。
it served in the western and eastern front notably in the battle of normandy , operation " market garden " in holland , and the offensive in ardennes .	它在西方和东方的战争中不可忽略 , 在荷兰 , 营业 " 市场花园 " , 以及阿登兰的攻击 。
the fifth chapter discusses the related problems of the capital city system of liao dynasty , including the relation between zuzhou city and liao shangjing ;	第五章论述了辽朝资本城市制度的相关问题 , 包括周州市与辽京之间的关系 ;
but president obama's budget director , peter orszag , says republicans are just wrong in their assertions about the president's tax proposals .	但是奥巴马总统的预算主任彼得·奥斯扎格表示 , 共和党人只是对总统的税收建议的错误 。
force consequently requires solicitation from without: it works blindly: and on account of this defectiveness of form , the content is also limited and accidental .	因此 , 没有必要的力量 , 从而不必要解决:它是盲目的:在形式的缺陷中 , 内容也是有限的和事故的 。
she maintains her fashionista reputation by wearing tshirts sporting the avatar from her favorite game and by carrying her personalized avatar coffee mug .	她保持她的时尚主义者的声誉 , 穿着t恤衫从她最喜欢的游戏中运动 , 通过运动她个人化的vata咖啡品牌 。
in a book titled mindset: the new psychology of success , stanford psychologist carol dweck gives a name to what i’ve just described .	在一本著名的思维中 , 新心理学的成功 , 斯坦福德心理学家卡罗·dweck给了我所描述的名字 。
they claim that in order to become any more intelligent the human brain would need vast amounts of extra energy and oxygen – and we simply cannot provide it .	他们声称 , 为了成为任何更聪明的大脑都需要大量额外的能量和氧气 , 我们只能提供它 。
washington jan 22 regulators seized five u . s . banks on friday , driving up the tally in what is expected to be a busy year for bank failures .	华盛顿1月222日电---------------------------------------------------------------------------
the international energy agency expects global oil demand to grow by just 400 , 000 barrels a day this year , to 86 . 5 million barrels a day .	国际能源机构今年预计 , 全球石油需求每天增长400万桶 , 至86.5亿桶 。
tv news brands are also heavily visited by nonprint newspaper readers , underscoring the importance of sight , sound and motion to the digital news experience .	电视新闻品牌也被非印刷报纸阅读者重视 , 认识到光、声音和数字新闻经验的重要性 。
in morerecent public comments , mr . wen has pledged to maintain foreign business confidence in china and to meet more regularly with international executives .	在最近的公众评论中 , 温先生承诺在中国保持外商信心 , 并经常与国际执行官相符 。
if the timer expires before data in the segment is acknowledged , tcp assumes that the segment has lost or being damaged , and a retransmission is sent .	如果时间器在分段的数据被认同之前 , tcp假设分段失去或损坏 , 则会发送回报 。
because it returns a result with nominal nanosecond resolution , it's natural to think that it has the same accuracy and precision limitations as system . nanotime .	因此 , 由于它与诺米纳米二分辨率返回了结果 , 自然认为它具有相同的精度和精度的限制 , 具有相同的精度和精度的限制 。
as a result , threading a perfectly weighted through ball to your striker releases a feeling of achievement more potent than completing a quadratic equation .	因此 , 通过球面向前锋发布了一个完全重量的结果 , 使得球面的感觉比完成季度方程更容易 。
according to the company , it further expanded its production capacity and its combined annual production capacity reached 5 . 57 million tons in december 2008 .	根据该公司的研究 , 进一步扩大了其生产能力 , 与2008年12月达到5.57亿吨 。
the simulation indicates that the instrument greatly enhances the measurement accuracy for parameters of l , c and r , and gets better measuring effects .	仿真结果表明 , 该仪器大大提高了l、c和r参数的测量精度 , 并得到了较好的测量效果 。
to help the children enter society headon with a positive attitude , everybody is encouraged to help in social building activities within our own campus .	为了帮助孩子进入社会的头脑 , 每个人都鼓励在我们校园内的社会建设活动中帮助 。
the researchers also demonstrated they could split apart an entire community of cultured intestinal microbes and create a " personalized " library of bacterial species .	研究人员还证明他们可以分离整个肠微生物群落 , 创建一个 " 个性化 " 的细菌类图书馆 。
during rehabilitation a locked plate fixation construct still has to be protected from full weight bearing until signs of union are visible on the radiograph .	在重建过程中 , 锁定板固定结构仍然是由全重轴承保护 , 直到联合的签字是可见的 。
blues also have fitness concerns over michael ballack , but essien moved to ease mourinho's problems by turning out for his country on tuesday .	蓝军还有关于迈克尔·巴拉克的健康问题 , 但西恩在周二转向穆里尼奥的国家 , 通过对穆里尼奥的问题来缓解穆里奥的问题 。
the attorney for the appealing party and the attorney for the party who won in the lower court file briefs , or written arguments , with the court of appeals .	审判党的审判机构和审判法院文件简单中赢得的律师 , 或写作论证 , 以及审判法庭的法庭 。
the inability to demonstrate improvements whether or not they occur will undermine client motivation across the board and deny feedback for meaningfully evolving the process .	展示了改进或不会出现客户机运动是否会在板上和否认反馈 , 是否会有意义地进化过程 。
the researchers found that handling physical money makes a person less sensitive to physical pain and reduces the distress of being excluded in social situations .	研究人员发现 , 处理物理金钱使人更敏感 , 减少物理痛苦 , 减少了社会形势下的衰退 。
by setting chills on the defect locations to isolate the molten iron in those areas from contact with the resin sand , the defects were successfully avoided .	通过设置在缺陷位置上 , 以分离这些地区的熔铁 , 与树脂沙联系 , 成功避免了缺陷 。
she created a team culture and work atmosphere in compliance with the reality of zte's handsets , unity , contribution , hard work , smiling services and customer caring .	她创造了一个团队文化和工作氛围 , 符合zte的手机、统一、贡献、努力工作、微笑服务和客户携带的现实 。
" we don't think things have changed from last week to this week , " schuchat stressed , explaining the importance of looking beyond those lab counts .	" 我们不认为上周发生的事情变化 , " 舒舒切特强调 , 解释了那些实验室数量的重要性 。
now that youth has ebbed and i am stranded on the bank , i can hear the deep music of all things , and the sky opens to me its heart of stars .	现在 , 年轻人已经睡了 , 我在银行上伸展 , 我可以听到所有东西的深音乐 , 天空打开到我心里的明星 。
it was a battle of attrition for saina against an opponent to whom she had lost four times and won just once — that too way back in 2010 — previously .	这是一场对手的对手 , 她失去了四次 , 赢得了一次比赛 , 在2010年的比赛中 , 这场比赛太回来了 。
“i’d been wanting to have a child for a really long time , but i wasn’t trying , just put it like that , ” madonna says . “it was one of those weird surprises .	" 我一直想有一个孩子 , 但我不想尝试 , 只是把它放在那里 , " 这是那些奇怪的怪物之一 。
through the multilevel organic matrix mesh in the bone particles , it indicates that the mineral phase is related to the organic matrix in corallium elatius .	通过多层有机矩阵现金在骨颗粒中 , 表明矿相与有机物质相关 。
results 32 patients have false positive results , including 11 with autonomic imbalance , 9 with hypertension , 6 with diabetes and 6 with other disease .	结果32例患者有虚假阳性结果 , 包括11例自治性血压、9例高血压、6例糖尿病和6例患者 。
another tale , never proven , was that papanoida's interest in eekway was strictly familial , and that the senator had blood ties to the enigmatic baron .	另外一个故事从来没有证明 , 帕诺伊达对希腊的利益严格是家庭的 , 而参议员则有血液对大酒吧的关系 。
according to the improvement results , then some feasible ways for ineffective dmus are put forth , which provides a reference base of making decision and scientific management .	根据改进结果 , 提出了一种有效的dmus的方法 , 给出了一种有效的决策和科学管理的参考依据 。
the same effect happened with google maps . when the company trimmed the 120kb page size down by about 30 percent , the company started getting about 30 percent more map requests .	同样的效果与谷歌地图发生了同样的效果 , 当公司试图将120kb页面大小减少到30% , 公司开始了大约30%的地图请求 。
later , zhen yini also persuaded the guardian , to get girls , with sincerity and sincerity to impress her , and not to fiddle with the application of non .	后来 , 郑毅也说服了保卫人 , 要获得女孩 , 罪恶和罪恶 , 使她印象深刻 , 不要与非法应用 。
this method even allows you to modify the authentication rules on the fly , because all pamaware programs start applying the new rules without the need for any changes in their code .	这种方法甚至允许您在飞行上修改认证规则 , 因为所有pamaware程序都开始使用新的规则 , 没有任何改变代码中的任何需要 。
but i sat silent in my hill , the barbarians still came in their thousands , and there were few who dared to wield excalibur , knowing that they would surely die .	但我坐在我山里 , 巴巴巴尔人仍然在他们的数千人中 , 还有几人敢于野外的勇敢 , 知道他们肯定会死亡 。
so threequarterlength sleeves in tops and cardigans are a wonderful way to conceal the fuller upper arm and upper body , but also bare some skin at same time .	因此 , 三季长袖在顶部和心脏器上部是一种很好的方法 , 可以掩盖全臂上部和上臂 , 同时也不会有些皮肤 。
after the introduction of some related concepts , the application of workflow technology in integrated business support system of guangdong telecom was focused on .	经过一些相关概念的介绍 , 重点介绍了广东电信的工作流技术的应用 。
although tom was aware that it would be to display annoyance publicly at the sales conference , he could not his irritation with the client's unreasonable demands .	虽然汤姆知道汤姆在销售会议上显示了不合理的需求 , 但他并不能与客户的不合理的需求显示 。
this was an excellent opportunity for the opposition papers , which immediately attacked the governor for what they called his illegal interference and his brutality .	这是反对派论文的一个优秀机会 , 立即攻击了他们所谓的非法干扰和他的破产 。
looking for transiting extrasolar planets is analogous to pallé and colleagues' technique — using the moon as a mirror to watch earth transit the sun .	寻找过过去的太阳行星对palle和同事的技术相似 , 用月球作为镜头看地球转过太阳 。
the flames filled this building ; it was a perfect furnace ; the door was burned , the floor was burned , the wooden christ was not burned .	火焰填满了这个建筑 , 是一个完美的炉子 , 门烧了 , 地板烧了 , 木基督不烧 。
individual members of fecdb frequently answer this call to arms and participate in statewide petition drives to put various propositions on the ballot .	fcdb个人成员常常回答这个叫做武器 , 参与国有宠物驱动机 , 将各种建议放在篮球上 。
more importantly , how can you accurately assess you are iterating down the right path for your product and company success , and not simply digging further in a rat hole ?	更重要的是 , 如何准确地评估你正在为您的产品和公司成功的正确路径 , 而不仅仅仅是在大鼠洞里挖掘进一步 ?
public speaking has fringe benefits too . it is a confidence booster and empowers the speaker if he successfully gets his audience agree with him .	公众演讲也有益于 , 如果他成功地获得了他的观众同意 , 那么这是一个自信的提高者 , 如果他成功地雇佣演讲者 。
nowhere is this more relevant than in the fastmoving world of it , where your work speaks for itself and ivy league letters after your name are no match for your hacking abilities .	现在 , 在这里 , 比在快速的世界里 , 您的工作讲话本身和iv的联盟信 , 你的名字没有匹配您的黑客能力 。
that said , there is a lot of story that is still being explored and left to explore . to diminish that story to only being about arthas and the lich king is a bit shortsighted .	那么说 , 还有很多故事 , 仍在探索并离开 , 为了消除这个故事只是关于阿瑟斯和利克王的故事 。
socialist market economic system has been gradually set up , the higher education system is under reform , knowledgebased economic age is coming , and education service is open...	社会主义市场经济体制逐步建立 , 高等教育体系在改革下 , 基于知识的经济时代 , 教育服务开放 。
indeed , the threats that the lnc is already issuing should give the international community doubts about its readiness to lead in democratic government .	实际上 , lnc已经发布的威胁 , 应该给国际社区担心它在民主政府领导的准备性 。
nowadays , the policy of mandate construction supervision has been widely accepted by the society following the obvious achievements it made in the past years .	目前 , 管理管理监督的政策已被社会接受 , 随着过去几年的成就显著 。
most mainlanders who suffer from depression do not get proper treatment due to a lack of psychiatrists and public prejudice , mental health professionals said .	心理健康专业人士说 , 大多数受到抑郁症患者并不适当的治疗 , 因为缺乏心理专业人员和公共预测 。
the interactive multimodels method was also discussed , which is implemented of the uniform and " currently " accelerated motion model for the maneuvering target modeling .	同时还讨论了多模块方法 , 实现了统一和 " 目前 " 加速运动模型 , 为制造目标模型加速运动模型 。
method: the teaching of moist burn medicine includes medical knowledge , diagnosis , medical skills , review course and assessment and test .	方法:本课题的教学包括医学知识、诊断、医学技能、评价课程和评价 。
it has been a growing concern in the printing industry that if can we use densitometry to measure and control spot color ink or not when considering printing process control .	在印刷工业中 , 如果我们可以使用密度测量和控制点印刷过程控制的时候 , 我们一直担心印刷产业的发展 。
in the yangcheng sanbao 500kv ehv transmission lines , a fixed series capacitorwas used to increase the power energy transmitted through the lines .	在阳城三宝500kvehv传输线中 , 一个固定的系列电容器 , 用于通过线传输 , 增加电能 。
the lusitania and the titanic are often thought of as sister vessels ; they in fact belonged to two separate owners , but the error is understandable .	路易斯坦尼亚和泰坦尼亚经常被认为是姐妹船 , 事实上它们属于两个独立的所有者 , 但错误是可理解的 。
but the current h1n1 pandemic flu has really made this very evident so far , people have passed the flu virus on to pigs , turkeys and ferrets .	但是目前h1n1流感的h1n1流感真的很明显 , 人们已经通过流感病毒传播到猪肉、土耳其和肥胖 。
the anglers fishing with myself were competing with glanville's anglers for the most fish in a day record , trying to beat the 28 fish from the previous day .	随着我自己的愤怒者正在与格兰维尔的愤怒者在一天的记录中竞争 , 试图从以前的日子里击败28只鱼 。
bill gates sr . , 83 years old , is now cochair of his son's $30 billion philanthropy , the bill &melinda gates foundation .	比尔盖茨sr.83岁 , 现在他儿子的30亿美元的费尔·盖茨基金会的教练现在是他的儿子的教练 。
and it's not just developers . as the blurb to tim o'reilly's opening remarks suggests , tim mentions the importance of users to open source .	这并不仅是开发者 , 因为burb对timo'reilly的开放显示 , 提到用户开源的重要性 。
beijing still grieving the deaths of tens of thousands , china has sketched the first blueprints for rebuilding after last week's earthquake .	中国在上周的地震之后 , 北京仍在抓住数千人死亡 , 中国已经在上周的地震重建了第一个蓝印刷 。
in this paper , a new method combining target transformation factor analysis and spectral library searching was developed for qualitative analysis of mixture from ir da ta .	本文提出了一种新的方法 , 结合目标变换因子分析和光谱图书馆搜索方法 , 利用irda法对混合物进行定性分析 。
the reason is that a knowledge base with sound structure and complete content directly influences the inference speed and the validity of result in expert systems .	理由是 , 具有声音结构的知识基础 , 直接影响了传统的发音速度和专家系统的有效性 。
the experimental results showed that the liquefaction extent enhanced with the increase of liquefaction temperature , catalyst dosage , and liquidsolid ratio .	试验结果表明 , 液相效率提高 , 液相效率提高了液化温度、催化剂量、液相比率 。
at first , research the nature of the ice in the songhua river water system , the resistance performance of the icebreaker , and then , study the propulsion performance of icebreaker .	首先研究了宋华河水系统中冰的自然性质 , 然后对冰川的抗抗性能进行了研究 , 研究冰川的推广性能 。
strapped city , state , and federal technology departments have been some of the organizations most enchanted by the quick turnarounds the cloud promises .	斯特拉普市、州和联邦技术部门已被云幕周围的快速转炉所引起的一些组织 。
it was the kind of card that comes in an inexpensive assortment box sold by a child going doortodoor to try to earn money for a school project .	这个卡是由一个孩子出售的门户 , 试图为学校项目赚钱的 , 来自一个昂贵的评估盒子 。
much less whey drains out of yogurt made from certain strains of lactic acid bacteria that can convert sugars into long starchlike molecules .	从某些乳酸菌株中制成的酸细菌中 , 是否能将糖分子转化成长期淀粉分子 。
during the planned economy period , a set of production areas and residential units as a whole community , which is built to meet the need of country construction .	在规划经济时期 , 建立了一套生产区域和住宅单位 , 满足全国建设需求 。
the american plan also meets stern's other prescriptions for an effective green stimulus a concentration on building efficiency and renewable energy .	美国计划同时也遇到了其他有效绿色刺激对建筑效率和可再生能源的预订 。
in japan , lu hsun is the most notable chinese writer whose work 'hometown' is referred to as the required textbook among the japanese students .	在日本 , 卢迅是最著名的中国作家 " 霍米恩 " 作为日本学生所需的文本书 。
it simply discusses the features of agile methodology , and compares it with traditionary software developing methods , introduces a few agile methodologies mo .	简单地讨论了敏捷方法学的特点 , 比较了传统的软件开发方法 , 介绍了几种敏捷的方法mo 。
the hardening treatment , relief of symptoms in patients with the recent rate of 100% , cysts significantly reduced or disappeared .	最近100%的患者的症状减少 , 囊肿显著降低或消失 。
the operation of system is simple , quick and stabilization , and its maintenance is convenient , interface is friendly , it is helpful for its popularizations and applications .	系统的操作简单、快速、稳定性 , 维护方便 , 接口方便 , 对于其人口化和应用有益 。
" u . s . academics and intelligence analysts have consistently underestimated the rate of chinese progress both economically and technologically , " he said .	他说: " 美国学术和智能分析师一致认为中国的进步速度都是经济和技术发展的 。 "
alpha thalassaemia , an inherited condition , is common in many areas of the world where malaria is endemic , particularly africa and southeast asia .	阿尔法娅·萨西亚 , 一个遗传条件 , 是世界上许多地区 , 马来利亚是内在的 , 特别是非洲和东南亚 。
objective to introduce the classification about ct signs of primary brainstem injury and investigate it's value in the diagnosis and prognosis .	目的介绍原发脑损伤ct迹象的分类 , 探讨其在诊断和预后中的价值 。
simulation and experiment on the piezoceramic actuator show that the proposed model to describe the behavior of piezoceramic actuator is effective .	仿真和实验结果表明 , 这种模拟模型可以描述像素动力活动器的行为是有效的 。
austenite phase is dominant in gtaw joint microstructure and the lowtemperature impact toughness of gtaw joint is better than that of smaw joint .	在gtaw联合微结构中 , 奥氏体相位主要是gtaw合金的微结构 , 低温影响强度对gtaw联合的影响比智能联合更好 。
don't center your life around children and grandchildren . do look for your own social circles . this way , you won't be disappointed with too many expectations .	不要中心你的生活 , 孩子和孙子们的生活 , 寻找自己的社会圈子 , 这样 , 你就不会失去太多的期望 。
the amount of the portion of the effective hedging shall be confirmed in accordance with the absolute amounts of the following items whichever is lower .	按照下列项目的绝对数量 , 应根据有效的有效条件 , 证实有效条件的部分 。
the government information resources access and publicity is an important measure to build and strengthen the egovernment and serviceoriented government .	政府信息资源访问和公众是建立和加强政府和服务的重要措施之一 。
the cloths of service, to do service in the holy place, the holy garments for aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office .	服务的衣服 , 为了在圣地的地方做服务 , 圣地的服装 , 他的儿子的服装 , 到祭司的办公室里 。
the influence factors on surface curing time of silicone rubber release agent vulcanized at room temperature were analyzed by experiments .	通过实验 , 分析了硅橡胶释放剂在室温下的表面处理时间对硅橡胶释放剂的影响因素 。
methods: data about biological feedback therapy and nursing care in 30 cases with pelvic floor functional constipation were reviewed and analyzed .	方法:回顾性分析了30例血管地板功能不良患者的生物反馈疗法及护理保健资料 。
according to the law of attraction , a powerful intent made up of clear , pure and focused thoughts will start to attract the very essence of your desires .	根据吸引法 , 一个强大的内容由清晰、纯洁、集中的思想开始吸引你的欲望的精神 。
to reconstruct the 3dimensioanal image of heart and the region of myocardial ischemia from 2dimensioanal tomogram of electron beam ct .	为了重建心脏和心脏缺血区心肌缺血的3维生素图像 , 从电子束ct中重建心脏缺血区域 。
tone down the loop count on the previous example , add set x to the beginning of the script as well as a comment , and execute it , as shown in listing 12 .	在前面的例子上 , 将loloop数添加到脚本的开始中 , 并将其执行 , 如清单12所示 。
this study was undertaken to use a foodfrequency instrument for dietary caffeine consumption to evaluate the relationship between caffeine intake and liver fibrosis .	本研究旨在评价咖啡因消费与肝纤维化之间的关系 。
application integration brings together multiple applications and information sources without the user directly invoking them ; it focuses on the relationship between applications and data .	应用集成带来了多个应用程序和信息源并没有直接调用它们 , 关注应用程序与数据之间的关系 。
and the countries seen as most vulnerable to climate change are all poor: they include somalia , burundi , niger , eritrea , afghanistan and chad .	而且 , 这个国家看起来是最可怕的气候变化都是贫困的:它们包括索马里 , 缅甸 , 尼日利 , 尼日利 , 尼日利亚 , 阿富汗 , 阿富汗和查德 。
global banking profits are now approaching their 2007 precrisis peak , but the divergence between growing and stagnant markets is becoming increasingly stark .	全球银行利润现在正在达到2007年前的高峰 , 但增长和稳定市场的差异越来越加明星 。
in addition , fda can initiate a mandatory recall if the agency determines that an adulterated or misbranded infant formula presents a risk to human health .	此外 , fda还可以启动一个管理者回忆 , 如果机构决定一个被调制或错误的婴儿公式给人类健康带来的风险 。
danton was a headstrong firebrand , a swashbuckling political showman with a prodigious memory , whose spectacular oratory held audiences in thrall .	danton是一位大火 , 一个令人愉快的政治演员 , 他在拉拉尔举行的观众举行了广泛的记忆 。
international popular style interface , many commercial software are used , is the beginning of an incredible 14 years since a young foreign hands .	国际流行的风格界面 , 许多商业软件被使用 , 是从一个年轻的外国手中开始的14年 。
the parenteral hyperalimentation therapy is a safe and effective method for severe ulcerative colitis patients , and it can improve the histology of patients .	父母超化疗法是严重溃疡性结核病患者的安全有效的方法 , 可以改善患者的组织学 。
the line's clean forms are associated with high quality technical solutions for water control , from taps to mixers , from diverters to shower heads and spouts .	线的清洁形式与水质控制的高质量技术解决方案有关 , 从任务到混合器 , 从传输到淋浴头和发芽 。
the data structure in jpeg2000 compressed domain is firstly analyzed . the concept of information tree and a novel treedistance measurement are then proposed .	首先分析了jpeg2000压缩域的数据结构 , 提出了信息树的概念 , 并提出了一种新的电阻测量方法 。
although pain , i would effort perfect my life , will not be ungrateful to you of love , will not be ungrateful to you with i play 10 year play hideandseek of with patience .	尽管痛苦 , 我会努力完善我的生命 , 不会对你们的爱 , 不会对你感到不满意 , 我10年玩到了耐心 。
chateau la ragotiereshining pearl of the french garden , running by wellknown aristocracy generations of the three brothers goile at nantes .	查塔乌拉·拉戈在法国花园的珍珠 , 由著名的阿里克拉世代的三个兄弟戈尔在圣诞节上运行 。
how to construct implementation and management system of course design is the premise and ensurance of carrying out course design systematically and training comprehensive applicative talents .	如何构建课程设计的实施和管理体系 , 是实施课程设计的前提和保障 , 系统地运行全面的适用人才 。
albanese will now lead a charm offensive to try to win round individual institutions and secure the simple majority necessary to approve the deal .	阿尔巴尼斯现在将领导一个挑战 , 试图赢得个人机构 , 保证大多数人需要批准这一交易 。
in a speech at a police college , zuma conceded that south africa had one of the highest murder rates in the world , with 18 , 000 killings last year .	在一名警察学院的演讲中 , 朱拉承认 , 南非有了世界上最高的谋杀率之一 , 去年有1800人杀死率 。
thailand's police found over 920 , 000 amphetamine tablets on board the boats , plying between china's yunnan province and the thai port .	泰国警察在中国云南和泰国港之间发现 , 泰国的920 , 000名美联合国人在船上找到了警察 。
sending troops to central africa to meddle in an utterly murky conflict is a symptom that the interventionist addiction is growing worse .	向非洲发送军队发送军队 , 向中非传媒媒介介介介入一个终于谋杀冲突是一个症状 , 干预行为主义添加剂的症状更差 。
the testing results proved that the qh4 saving energy coasting device has a remarkable fuel—saving effect to any model of motor vehicles and at any road condition .	试验结果表明 , qh4节能燃料具有显著的燃料 , 对于任何汽车辆和任何道路条件下 , qh4节省能源沿海装置有效 。
that approach to the clivus is slightly oblique , but can provide as wide an exposure as is achieved with the approaches involving a bilateral maxillotomy .	这种方法对clivus稍微不明显 , 但可以提供一个广泛的曝光 , 实现两边矩阵的方法 。
the three realized that man was the key to victory in the war against heaven , and thus altered their rigid agendum that they had propagated since the beginning .	三人意识到 , 是对天战争的关键 , 因此 , 战争对战争的战争中 , 因此 , 战争的刚性时代就变成了他们的刚性的年代 。
cubic's simulation systems division , based in orlando , produces and manufactures est 2000 , including its realistic and robust simulated weapons .	cubic的模拟系统分类 , 基于orlando , 生产和制造 , 包括它的现实和鲁棒的模拟武器 。
the basic thought of floor arrangement , influencing factors and basic arrangement method are proposed to bring regulation for floor structure arrangement .	提出了地面安排、影响因素和基本安排方法的基本思路 , 为地面结构安排提供监管 。
the scale of the economic crisis is far larger and many more americans recognise that rootandbranch reforms rather than temporary repairs are required .	经济危机的规模远远远大 , 许多美国人认识到 , 根品牌改革并非临时修复 。
the government will not only make the " pie " of social wealth bigger by developing the economy , but also distribute it on the basis of a rational income distribution system .	政府不仅通过开发经济的 " 社会财富 " , 而且在合理收入分配系统的基础上 , 将其分布为 " 社会财富 " 。
the refreshing time of asparagus reached 1824 days after treatment of two pressurization at the pressure of 250mpa with the operation time of 15min .	在治疗压力250分钟的压力下 , 阿帕格斯的新鲜时间达到了1824天的治疗后 , 两天的压力达到了15分钟的运行时间 。
it's a solid little slab with a similarlooking plastic front and rubberized texture as the $79 nontouch model , but with fewer buttons .	这是一个固体的小板 , 相似的塑料前面和橡胶的纹理 , 作为79美元的非触摸模式 , 但很少按钮 。
because our team needed users to connect to a database and set up multiple jboss containers , we used panels to prompt users for sitespecific information .	因为我们的团队需要使用者连接到数据库并建立多个jbos容器 , 我们用板来提高网站特定信息的用户 。
“on first glance , these interactions of light and particles looks like magic , ” she says . “these polar molecules are the pinnacle of quantum optics . ”	她说: " 在第一次看来 , 这些光和粒子的互动看起来像魔术一样 , " 极性分子是量子光学的一点 。 "
this wicked king , claudius , was going to capitalize on the grief and anger of laertes for the death of his father and sister to destroy hamlet .	这个邪恶的王 , 克劳迪斯 , 正在为父亲死亡和妹妹救世的愤怒而投资 。
conclusion we could found the circumferential margin infiltration by observing pathologic large slice objectively and exactly . it should be a routine examination after operation .	结论 , 通过观察病理学大小的观察 , 我们可以发现环境偏好的边缘渗透 , 应该是手术后常规检查 。
there were no casualties on the ground , a salt marsh , when the exploded remnants of the jet fell some distance away from the neifu airport in puchengcounty .	地面上没有捕鱼 , 盐马什 , 当喷射中爆炸的时候 , 喷射的发射员们将一些远离普城市的尼佛机场 。
china has gone through similar experience of the ldcs in fighting poverty and pursuing development , and we fully appreciate the hardship and difficulties they face .	中国经历了相似的经验 , 在战争贫困和追求发展中 , 我们完全欣赏他们面临的艰苦和困难 。
the format of the data to be exchanged between client and service is defined in terms of the xml the xml schema for the online coffee service is shown in listing 1 .	在清单1中显示了xml在线咖啡服务的xml模式中将数据交换到客户端和服务之间的格式 。
second question , it is reported that some us media accused chinese hackers of hacking into pentagon's network and compromising information about us fighter jets .	第二个问题 , 据报道 , 一些美国媒体指责中国黑客在五角洲的网络和对我们的战斗机喷射的信息 。
the average south african , for example , definitely shouldn tbe paleskinned only 9 . 2 per cent of the population define themselves as white .	例如 , 南非平均的非洲人口规定的只有9.2%的人口定义为白色 。
except for sea buckthorn fruit is rich in protein , fat and carbohydrates , there are a variety of essential vitamins and minerals .	除了海桶水果含有丰富的蛋白质、脂肪和碳水化物 , 还有各种基本的维生素和矿物 。
employee job satisfaction can be explained respectively the company turnover intention , job performance with the variability of 49 . 38% , 58 . 46% .	员工满意度可以分别解出公司注意力 , 工作性能与49.38%、58.46%的变量有所不同 。
owen paid tribute to a performance in which the youngster scored , hit the post and forced an outstanding save from roberto abbondanzieri with an audacious lob .	许多年轻人投入的表现 , 因此 , 年轻人投入的职位 , 因此 , 被迫从罗伯托阿伯托·阿伯尼亚里获得了一个优秀的节约 。
civilianized journalism appeared in the early 20th century and grew in the 1920's . the impulse is the changes on the systems of politics and economy .	民间化的记者在20世纪初期出现 , 1920年代初 , 出现了民间化的记者 , 是政治和经济体制的变化 。
methods by means of bicolour fluorescence and flow cytometry analysis , the results were compared during different layout time , hemolysis time and washing time .	方法采用双色荧光和流式细胞分析方法对不同布局时间、血液时间和洗涤时间进行了比较 。
fate has conspired to rob us of two world class goalkeepers , our inspirational leader jt , inform winger arjen robben and influential midfielder joe cole .	美联储已经成功了两个世界级的进球员 , 我们的灵感领导jt , 信息翼箭箭头和中场乔布尔 。
it is widely used in car audio and video , tac machine , intelligent meter , solar power , electric car , electric power tool and military applications etc .	广泛应用于汽车、视频、任务机、智能计、太阳能、电力、电力工具、军用应用等 。
jamie wilson , of simplyhealth , said: " committing just half an hour a month to helping someone else can make a real difference to your life as well as theirs。	詹米·威尔逊说: " 只有一半小时才能帮助别人帮助自己的生活和他们的生活 。 "
given our duty to safeguard public health , the tendency of officials facing such a situation is nearly always to err on the side of caution .	鉴于我们的职责 , 安全公共卫生 , 这种情况下的倾向官员面临着这样的情况 , 几乎总是错误 。
china has worked for more agreement among the emerging markets and developing countries on the reforms to increase the representation for developing countries in the ifi's .	中国在改革的改革上加强了更多的协议 , 为了增加发展中国家在发展中国家的代表 。
发言的参议员有萨姆 . 纳恩、约翰 . 格伦、恰克 . 罗伯、乔 . 利伯曼、约翰 . 布鲁、杰伊 . 洛克菲勒和艾尔 . 戈尔。	然而 , 就算是 , 就算是 , 就算是 , 还有 , 还有 。
that could be because doctors are more nervous about the effects if flu on pregnant women and are more likely to admit them , but the death rate among pregnant women is high .	这可能是因为医生对孕妇的影响更加紧张 , 如果孕妇的影响 , 女性的死亡率更高 , 但孕妇之间的死亡率也更高 。
funny once , my friend . ) some jokes count on jadedness in order to be funny , just as many arty films only appeal to a jaded audience .	有趣的是 , 我的朋友 , 就像许多阿根廷电影一样 , 我的朋友一样 , 就像很多阿根廷电影一样 。
more resistance was encountered when we sought to install the 6th warden first as professor of physics at stockholm university , then as rector .	当我们想要安装第六次战争的时候 , 更多的抵抗力是斯托克霍姆大学物理学教授 , 然后作为董事会 。
i know that its best to be safe verses sorry , but i don't think that there has been one single case in history , where a bomb threat was called in and a bomb went off .	我知道 , 最好的是安全的版本很抱歉 , 但是我不认为 , 在历史上有一个单个案例 , 在那里 , 炸弹威胁被称为 " 和炸弹 " 。
this could mean different things for different members of the spy ring , says mikhail lyubimov , a retired colonel of the kgb and a renowned cold war spy .	这可能意味着不同的事情 , 空间环的不同成员 , 米克海尔·莱布莫诺夫说 , kgb的退休殖民地 , 以及一个名为寒冷战争的空间 。
they also found almost no difference between methods in male and female workers , suggesting that careerdriven women were just as “competitive” during salary negotiations .	他们还发现 , 男性和女性工作人员的方法几乎没有差异 , 建议在薪水谈判中只是 " 竞争性 " 的女性 。
ita software definitely has “the right connections in north america , ” daniello says , while “we [amadeus] have ours in europe and asia . ”	美国北美的正确连接 , 丹尼罗说: " 软件肯定有 " , 我们在欧洲和亚洲有我们的 " 。
natural calamities , such as floods , tropical cyclones , tornadoes and tidal bores occur here almost every year — with tragic results .	自然气候 , 如洪水 , 热带周期 , 火龙和虎虎虎在这里出现几乎每年都有悲剧的结果 。
soap <> cobol nonxml transformations can be developed with ibm websphere transformation extender to perform the message mapping within the gateway’s processing policy .	soap<>cobol非xml变换可以与ibmmwebspherformation扩展器开发 , 以便在门户处理策略中执行消息映射 。
these morphological changes were few in the group 2 . conclusion: hbo combined with nimodipine and music had great restorative effect on hyperirritability icvd .	这些形态变化在组2.结论:与nimodipine与nimodipine相结合的hbo相结合 , 具有较大的恢复作用 。
combined with the practical exploration approaching , the stability of surrounding rock is computed using the earthquake wave achieved prom he cite .	结合实际探索方法 , 利用地震波实现的方法计算了周围岩的稳定性 。
while there are many practical and political difficulties of afforestation of regions this large , the benefits could be enormous and go well beyond carbon sequestration .	尽管这里有很多实践和政治困难 , 但这大地区的利益可能是巨大的 , 超过碳序列 。
for example , some new: the introduction of modern " science " and " democracy " etc , the meaning from the traditional chinese , is completely different words .	比如 , 一些新的例子:现代 " 科学 " 和 " 民主 " 等引入 , 从传统中国的意义完全不同 。
drive gear , made use of alloy steel forging , lubricating oil pump spray , extend gear life and ensure longterm printing chromatic precision .	驱动齿轮 , 采用合金钢锻炼 , 润滑油泵喷雾 , 延伸齿轮寿命 , 保证长期印刷染色精度 。
the famous picture of " riverside scene at qingming festival " will also make its appearance in the china pavilion to illustrate the charms of ancient chinese cities .	清明节 " 河景 " 的著名图片 , 也将使其出现在中国古代城市的魅力中 。
in the enjoying , the conquest of this knowledge is renewed every time it is exercised , the power it yields always being directed toward its jouissance .	在享受的时候 , 这个知识的每次都更新了 , 所以它的能量总是直接向它的交流 。
it is unchristian to believe that an end can justify the means . even the kingdom of god is not a good enough end to justify any means that causes harm to people .	无基督徒相信 , 终结能证明上帝的意思 , 即使神的王国不足以理解任何造成危害的人的手段 。
a study is carried out on a hypersonic inlet with rectangulartocircular shape transition and forebody using numerical simulation and high enthalpy wind tunnel test .	采用数值模拟和高能量风隧道试验 , 研究了高声输入的超声波输入和矩形圆形变换和外体 。
result both mutanolysin and lysozyme could successfully lyse the wall of bifidobacterium and extract the plasmid from bifidobacterium .	因此 , 溶解酶和溶解酶均能成功地解决细菌墙壁 , 并从细菌中提取出血浆 。
aim: to study the efficacy and safety of entacapone as an adjunct to levodopa treatment in parkinsonian patients with wearingoff motor fluctuations .	目的:探讨乙酮的疗效和安全性 , 作为治疗帕金森森森尼亚病人穿刺电机流感患者的治疗方法 。
the idea is proposed that the flow characteristic of electronic expansion valve should adapt to superheat gain to refrigerant flow rate under different evaporation temperature .	提出了电子扩张阀的流动特性 , 应适应超热收益 , 用于不同蒸发温度下的冷却流动率 。
11 and solomon gave hiram twenty thousand cors of wheat as food for his household , in addition to twenty thousand baths , of pressed olive oil .	11万只小麦作为他的家庭的食物 , 除了2万个浴缸 , 外 , 还有2万只小麦作为食物 。
li decided to sponsor a number of disadvantaged pupils in gansu under the euchina basic education project running in the province since 2001 .	李决定从2001年以来 , 在甘肃的欧盟基本教育项目下 , 在甘肃的基本教育项目中投资许多缺点 。
objective to evaluate the clinical efficacy and toxicity of cef as the neoadjuvant chemotherapy regimen in the treatment of locally advanced breast cancer .	目的评价cef的临床疗效和毒性 , 作为当地先进的乳腺癌治疗新型化疗法的临床疗效 。
to strengthen the organization and coordination , strengthen the service consciousness , and further intensify promote the development of medicine industry strength .	为了加强组织和协调 , 加强服务意识 , 进一步加强医药行业的发展 。
the jets were viewable in the animated segment one on either side of an indiantricolour symbol to celebrate the 70 years of the country's independence .	喷射器在印度的一边都可以看到的是 , 在印度的一边 , 庆祝了70年的独立性 。
automobile , big and small freight vehicle , box vehicle , sightseeing bus , no matter is the private car or the company vehicle may shanghai loan .	汽车、大型、小型货车、箱车、车辆、观光汽车、无论是私人汽车或公司汽车都是上海贷款 。
in addition to physical changes to the touchscreen , the technology of the touchscreen also ushered in a new wave of software interaction on mobile devices .	除了物理变化到触摸屏 , 触摸屏技术也在移动设备上的新浪软件交互 。
crepes suzette with mixed fruit , choice toppig blueberry sauce , chocolate sauce , strawberry sauce , pineapple sauce , mango sauce .	用混合水果 , 选用红莓酱 , 巧克力酱 , 草莓酱 , 菠萝酱 , 芒果酱 。
however , the development of chinese silk industry is facing allround challenges including diversification of fibers , companies' competition in outside world and developing countries .	然而 , 中国银行业的发展面临着全面的挑战 , 包括多样化的纤维、企业在外国和发展中国家的竞争 。
they were quite different in chloroplast membrane structures , pigment protein complexes , the content of electron trans port components and photosynthetic functions .	它们在氯塑膜结构、颜料蛋白复杂、电子输入组件和照相合作用下的内容相当不同 。
to explore the safety of modified type tatvp3 fusion protein , and the efficacy of modified fusion protein type of tatvp3 to immune system .	为了探讨改进型tatvp3融合蛋白的安全性 , 探讨改进的融合蛋白类型 , 用于免疫系统的效果 。
the effect of the significant parameters on the stability of the large diameter cylinder quay of the piled wall type is investigated through numerical calculation .	通过数值计算 , 研究了桩壁类型大直径圆柱的稳定性 。
some of you may do nothing at all . believe it or not , there are millionaires and billionaires among us who masquerade as relatively normal , moneyconscious people .	很多人都不相信它 , 还是不相信它 , 有百万富翁和百万富翁 , 在我们中 , 质量相对正常 , 钱意识的人中 。
the former army colonel , who seized power of the sparsely populated country in 1969 at the tender age of 27 , had totally reshaped the country in his image .	前军队的殖民 , 1969年在27岁的年代 , 已经在他的形象中完全改造了全国 。
steven gerrard today savoured liverpool's derby day victory and insisted the reds are relishing the challenge of winning the race for a top four place .	今天 , 斯蒂文·杰拉德今天拯救了利物浦的德比日胜利 , 并坚持红军正在减少赢得最高的四场比赛的挑战 。
some methods of preventing contamination in the largescale cell culture were introduced including people training , enviromental control , aseptic technique and material management .	介绍了大规模细胞培养中污染的方法 , 包括人类培养、环境控制、睡眠技术和材料管理等 。
the left yi doesn't know for the cilia and dragged this hazardous topic , this isn't good , ask for an personality with brutal variety of to come out miserably .	离开yi并不知道这次危险的话题 , 这并不好 , 请问个性与破产品种的个性 , 会出现错误 。
liverpool are on the verge of singing esbjerg youngster nikolaj kohlert on a threeyear deal , according to reports in his native denmark .	据本土丹麦报道 , 利物浦正在歌唱ebjerg年轻的尼克罗杰·科赫尔德在三年的交易中 。
sand street south 18th french credit agricole bank , the sand street south 60 , the anglican communion is neoclassical works .	沙街18号法国信用农业银行 , 沙街60号 , 角色通信是新古典作品 。
college counsellors who work at the front line of ideological and political are the grassroots commanders and educators of the ideological and political work .	大学生在思想和政治前线工作的教育者是思想和政治工作的草原指挥官和教育者 。
ct current transformers are instrument transformers used in conjunction with ammeters , control circuits and protective relaying . they usually have 5 ampere secondaries .	ct电流变压器是用来与amter、控制电路和保护电路连接的仪器变换器 , 通常有5个ampere二级 。
once fully dried , it is left to rest for some days , then in one step the skin , dried fruit flesh , parchment layer and all are torn from the green seed .	一旦完全干燥 , 剩下几天 , 然后在一个步骤里 , 干燥的水果 , 公园层和全部都是从绿种子里扭转的 。
compared to ordinary noise correction methods , nonlinear fitting with a middle and later impulse response function is more advantageous when snr is relatively low .	与普通噪声修正方法相比 , 非线性适合中、后冲击响应函数相对较低时 , snr的非线性适应方法更好 。
introduce:xiaogu and mother give maternal father pay respects to sb at his tomb , xiaogu fell into bug hole suddenly in , before returning 10 years .	简介:小宝和母亲给母亲付了尊重他的坟墓 , 小宝突然落入了bug孔 , 在返回10年之前 。
a business process competency center can provide a central repository of information for addressing these needs — and hosting it in the cloud makes it easily accessible .	业务流程强度中心可以提供一个中央存储库 , 用于解决这些需求的信息 , 并且在云中拥有它很容易访问 。
the results in surface temperature distribution of a reduced scale model from the above calculation com pared with that from experimental measurement are relatively identical .	实验测量结果与实验测量相对一致 , 降低尺寸模型的表面温度分布的结果与实验结果相对一致 。
wollastonite as polymer filler is considered as an important direction to the utilization of wollastonite , which reduces the polymer product cost and improves product performance .	木材作为聚合物填充剂 , 考虑了木材利用的重要方向 , 降低聚合物产品成本 , 提高产品性能 。
in october of two thousand eight , michael pollan wrote a letter to presidentelect barack obama which was published in the new york times magazine .	10月 , 迈克尔·波兰在纽约时报杂志发布的一封信中写了一封信给总统巴拉克奥巴马 。
" connecting people , quality first " is our tenet , jinze people will be creating continuously to make copetitive products and we invite you passionally to set up the future resplendence .	" 连接人民 , 质量第一 " 是我们的网络 , 金津人民将继续创造 , 使合作产品 , 我们邀请您建立未来的依赖 。
the results show that: the corundum refractory possesses the best erosionresisting characteristic in the pellet kiln , so it is the most suitable to be applied as lining in this kiln .	结果表明:冠状折射剂具有较好的抗侵蚀特性 , 因此它是该窑中最适合应用的 。
to admission the wto , brings opportunity and gauntlet for our country market , credit has become bottleneck of restricting the development of socialism market economy .	为了承认wto , 给我国市场带来了机会 , 信用已经成为限制社会主义市场经济发展的瓶颈 。
during the standoff , six american warships surrounded the seized vessel to ensure the weapons were not taken elsewhere in the volatile region .	在斯坦多夫期间 , 六艘美国战舰周围围围绕着种子船 , 以确保武器在火山地区不采取其他地方 。
hybrid characters obviously show maternal heterosis , fruit setting date , fruit size and color if hybrid population all tend to follow the femal parent .	杂交特征明显显显显显显显显显显显显显显显显显示出孕妇异体、水果设定日期、水果尺寸和颜色如果混合人口往往遵循女性父母 。
but even if weighing costs against benefits does not entirely answer the question of what should be done about climate change , it is an essential part of the answer .	但是 , 即使是对气候变化的重量成本不完全回答 , 应该对气候变化的问题 , 是回答的重要组成部分 。
the utility model has novel structure , and is tough and durable , as well as is in particular applicable for the repairmen of various surcharged truck tyres .	本实用新型具有新型的结构 , 具有艰难、耐用性 , 特别适用于各种各样的货车轮胎修复 。
hailing from the large western region of lithuania known as samogitia , these axemen are amongst the heaviest infantry units available to lithuanian armies .	从西部大西部地区被称为sammogitia , 这些阿森纳是最重的婴儿单位之一 , 可用于lthananian军队 。
analyses the antifriction and noisereducing mechanism of the model , furthermore , it shows the direction and significance of this new concept's study in the fut...	分析了模型的反摩擦和噪声导电机理 , 进一步展示了这种新的概念研究方向和意义 。
the left cervical incision was perfoimed for cervical esophageal carcinoma and partial cervicosternotomy was performed for lesion in the upper thoracic segment .	左颈颈椎切除术对颈椎癌和部分颈椎切除术进行修复 , 术后左颈椎切除术 。
slowerthanexpected growth has fueled speculation the federal reserve could launch another round of bond buying to try to drive longterm borrowing costs lower .	缓慢的预期增长已经导致联邦储备预计 , 可能会发布另一轮的债券购买 , 试图长期借贷成本降低 。
soil moisture content and its dynamics on road embankment and cutting slope at fixed points were investigated on shaanxi—inner mongolia desert expressway .	研究了土壤水分含量和土壤水量对土壤水量的影响 , 以及土壤水分含量与土壤水量的动态 , 以及土壤水分含量 , 研究了山西地区内蒙古沙漠的表达途径 。
the american association of university professors says sixtyeight percent of all teacher appointments at american colleges today are adjuncts .	美国大学教授协会表示 , 今天美国大学所有教师的六十八个百分之八的任命都是调整的 。
the intelligent electricmagnetic flowmeter , integrating the sensor , converter and integrator onto it , and displaying on the spot , is introduced in the paper .	介绍了智能电磁流量计 , 集成传感器、转换器和集成器 , 并对其进行显示 。
the tribute in light represents the lost twin towers from the world trade center . it displays just one of many memorials to the 9/11 attacks five years ago .	光线的分布表示了从世界贸易中心失去的二十塔 , 它只显示了许多记忆之一 , 到了五年前的9/1攻击之一 。
we should not entrust important jobs to persons who have made grave mistakes and whose attitude remains bad ; they should be deprived of their current ranks and perquisites .	我们不应该对那些犯罪犯罪的重大工作 , 而且他们的态度仍然很坏 , 他们应该被剥夺到当前的排名和精神 。
objective to investigate the effect and mechanisms of tumor suppressor gene pten on the induction of anoikis of human bladder transitional carcinoma cells biu87 .	目的探讨肿瘤抑制剂基因pten对人膀胱癌细胞凋亡的影响和机制 。
its capital was bodoni , and its leader was general pica . the guardian " s phones rang all day as readers sought more information about the idyllic holiday spot . "	它的首都是波丹尼 , 领导人一般都是pica , 保卫人 " 电话 " 每天都在读者们以更多的关于动态节日的信息 。
qcg series conventional canned motor pipeline mounted pumps are used to handle clean water or other liquids similar to water in physical and chemical properties .	qcg系列传统的运动管道运动泵用于处理清洁水或其他液体类似于物理和化学性能的水 。
unconventional agents such as the agent causing bovine spongiform encephalopathy , is associated with variant creutzfeldtjakob disease in humans .	非常规的代理 , 例如 , 导致波文西班牙医学的不良药物 , 与人类不同的切尔兹-job疾病相关 。
by introducing a reducedorder observer to reconstruct the state of the exosystem , the problem of physically realizable of the ootc law can thus be solved .	介绍了一种降低阶观测器重建外系统的状态 , 解决了ootc法的物理实现问题 。
an approach is proposed to discretize continuous intervalvalued attributes in rough set theory . the approach is characterized by emphasizing classseparability in discretization .	针对粗糙集理论中的连续评价属性 , 提出了一种方法 , 重点利用分辨率分辨率的方法 。
the air defence systems on display at airshow china in november showed a strong emphasis on deployable , multifunctional weapons with the export market firmly in mind .	11月 , 中国空气防御系统显示了中国空气防御系统对可部署、多功能武器和出口市场的强调 。
rabies patient should protect processing in the quiet environment court eunuch , may use the tranquilizer to reduce patient's spasm , paralysis and the ache .	兔子病人应该在安静的环境中保护加工 , 可以使用安静的环境午餐 , 可以减少患者的空间、瘫痪和痛苦 。
however , should nilmar arrive as a replacement , wolfsburg may be willing to lower their price slightly and loosen their grip , allowing the rossoneri to pounce .	然而 , 尼尔米尔应该到达一个替代 , 沃尔夫斯堡可能愿意降低他们的价格 , 减少他们的价格 , 使罗斯尼里发出来 。
an adaptive control strategy for parallel hybrid electric vehicles is proposed based on drive cycle recognition with the balance of battery soc as objective .	提出了一种基于驱动周期识别的并行混合电动车辆的自适应控制策略 , 基于电池sc的平衡性能 。
as the situation of trust research's multidisciplinary interaction and omnibearingly advancing , it is imperative to check its philosophic dimensionality .	随着信任研究的现状 , 多文化互动和omnibear的变化 , 正在探讨其哲学维度 。
the longterm studies by hossain and his colleagues suggest that dams have particularly altered extreme precipitation patterns in arid or semiarid areas .	霍萨因和他的同事们的长期研究表明 , 大坝特别是在干旱或半干旱地区的极端降解模式 。
since the end of the cold war , when washington sniffed soviet influence in its backyard , u . s . south american policy has slumped in importance .	自从冷战结束以来 , 当华盛顿对苏联在后院影响的时候 , 美国的政策已经降低了重要性 。
the capture of two german agents in 1942 uncovered two such codes which british intelligence had repeatedly failed to crack , the declassified files reveal .	1942年 , 两个德国代理的捕获者发现了两种这样的代码 , 英国情报局重复失败 , 声明的文件揭露了 。
a new stabilization additive was studied , it has good effect to improve the color change and sediments formation of fcc diesel fuel containing nonbasic nitrogen compounds .	研究了一种新的稳定添加剂 , 提高了含有非基本的氮化氮化合物的颜色变化和沉积形成 。
net income came in at $54 million , or 4 cents per share , down from net income of $151 million , or 11 cents , in 2007's third quarter .	净收入达到54亿美元 , 或每股4% , 从净收入从2007年第三季度下降到151亿美元 , 或11美元 。
it’s certainly helping out the alphabet’s second vowel , although as the english language’s most popular letter , it doesn’t really need it .	尽管英语最受欢迎的字母 , 虽然英语最流行的字母 , 但它确实不需要它 。
new york times chairman arthur sulzberger declined to comment in an wedensday on its involvement in the new device except to say , 'stay tuned . '	纽约时代主席阿瑟·苏尔伯格星期三拒绝评论 , 除了说 , 除了说 , 否则 , 否则在新设备上进行评论 。
the dynamic , vivid , personality about workflow becomes the urgent needs of the customer , with wfms application scope to extend and application realm to expand continuously .	动态、vivid、工作流的个性成为客户的迫切需求 , 随着wfms应用范围扩展和应用程序实际上扩展 。
minister of the fingers into a large source to the coil , and quickly plucked from the middle of some dirt around workers are using water washing the dirt on the various components .	指甲部长们进入大源 , 迅速从工人中间的一些污染物被用水洗在各种部件上 。
mclennan , on the other hand , felt more in control and says she enjoyed aspects of her former job , especially the money and the opportunity to " party with rock stars . "	另一方面 , 麦克莱恩觉得更多地控制 , 说她喜欢她前任的工作 , 尤其是钱和机会 " 与岩石星 " 的聚会 。
since we spend forty or more hours at our jobs weekly , it is essential to your health and longevity that your place of work is as conducive to wellness as possible .	自从我们每周花了四十多小时以来 , 工作的地方是必要的 , 你的健康和长期性 , 你的工作地方就像是有可能的 。
this is a redundant practice when using odbc , as the configuration is purely in initialization of the application , and the odbc functions are androgynous to the database system .	在使用odbc时 , 这是一个冗余的实践 , 作为配置纯粹是应用程序初始化的 , 而odbc函数对数据库系统具有良好的启动作用 。
the opposition leader had returned to pakistan after eight years in exile and had survived a suicide bomb blast during her arrival procession in karachi only months before .	反对党领导人在八年之后回到巴基斯坦 , 在卡拉奇只有几个月前才生存了自杀炸弹 。
next , they divided up the diabetics and gave half a placebo and treated half with extendedrelease niacin , a drug that raises hdl levels in the blood .	接下来 , 他们分别分为糖尿病 , 给了半个地方 , 用扩张释放niacin , 一种药物在血液中提高hdl水平 。
well you could stretch it and say that an example of engineering to improve human health is getting them from one place to another , but that would be more of a stretch than i'm going to make .	嗯 , 你可以伸展它 , 说 , 一个工程实例 , 提高人类健康的例子 , 从一个地方到另一个地方 , 但这比我要做的更多 。
investors looked decidedly spooked on monday , with asian and european bourses down sharply and the dow tumbling 643 . 76 points , or more than 5% .	投资者星期一决定说 , 亚洲和欧洲的投资者很明显地下降了643.76点 , 或超过5% 。
here is a wiring diagram for the star configuration that i have found from the net . you are better to do this with great circumspection or it would be easily end up with a burned esc .	这里是我从网上发现的明星配置的一个线图 , 您可以更好地做这件事 , 或者很容易结束一个烧伤的sc 。
but the study of the buddhism thoughts from mou zongsan is less than others , especially the study of dacheng qixin lun's content and significance .	然而 , 蒙山佛教思想的研究比其他人少 , 尤其是大成秦林的内容和意义的研究 。
more regulation of companies , encouraged by the sarbanesoxley act in the united states , and other measures designed to clean up the corporate act will be the spur .	更多的规定 , 由美国的sarbanesoxley行动鼓励的公司 , 以及其他措施设计清理公司行为的其他措施将是spur 。
you can embed media to better illustrate a topic , provide information about yourself to build your credibility , and collaborate with others to improve your knol over time .	您可以嵌入媒体以更好地说明一个主题 , 为自己提供关于自己建立可信性 , 同时与其他人协作 , 以提高你的knol的时间 。
this paper describes the idea of mvc2 , the innovation in filtering and xml , as well as the design and implementation of access control administration system based on mvc2 .	阐述了mvc2的创新思想 , 以及基于mvc2的访问控制系统的设计和实现 。
steele declared subsequently to cnn that limbaugh's comments were incendiary and ugly , prompting limbaugh to question steele's ability to lead the party .	史蒂尔表示 , 林伯格的评论是先进的 , 丑陋的 , 提高利物浦对史蒂尔的能力领导党的能力 。
yet their summers more likely involve city recreation centers , steamy blacktop , or a splash in a public pool or a fire hydrant turned fountain .	然而 , 他们的夏天更可能涉及城市娱乐中心 , 蒸汽的黑客 , 或是在公共池里或一场火水力变成了泉水 。
using these for reference , china should complete present educational investment system , give priority to development of the basic education , strengthen educational institution etc so as...	运用这些参考 , 中国应该完成现有的教育投资体系 , 为基本教育、加强教育机构等提供优先发展 。
north korea says it attacked the island , killing two soldiers and two civilians , because the south ignored its warning not to fire into disputed waters around the island .	朝鲜表示 , 袭击了岛屿 , 杀死了两个军人和两个民兵 , 因为南韩忽略警告不要在岛周围争端的水 。
implementation: capable of implementing creative ideas in an allround way based on the overall strategy , we can achieve the best result from user experience optimization .	实现:基于整体战略实现创造性思想的能力 , 我们可以从用户经验优化得到最好的结果 。
the composer kennosuke suemura also allegedly plagiarised warcraft ii in super robot wars w . however , there have been no reports of legal action being taken .	然而 , 在超级机器人战争中 , 作者肯诺克·苏拉还被称为 " 武装 " 的二战中 , 却没有法律行动的报告 。
as the strategic and leading industry of china , hitech industry attracts much fdi . gradually , fdi becomes the main power of promotion of hitech industry in china .	随着我国的战略和领导产业的发展 , 高科技产业吸引了很多fdi , 逐渐成为我国高科技产业发展的主要力量 。
in the second quarter , aol said , its own members made up 36% of unique visitors to its network of websites , but generated 80% of page views .	在第二季度 , 阿罗尔说 , 自己的成员在其网站上制造了36%独特的访问者 , 但产生了80%的页面视图 。
but eventually we decide to skip it and return towards the barkhor . along the way we bump into fellow travellers anja and joep , who are also exploring the city .	但是最后我们决定跳过去 , 回到巴克哈尔 , 沿着我们的旅行者安杰和加入 , 还在探索这个城市 。
changes california constitution to prohibit abortion for unemancipated minor until 48 hours after physician notifies minor's parent or legal guardian .	改变加利福尼亚宪法 , 直到48小时以前 , 物理学家通知小鼠的父母或法律卫生 。
the majority embryo of seeds aborted at earlier stage could develop to earlier globular embryo phase due to the abnormal endosperm nucleus division .	早期 , 大多数种子的胚胎可能是由于非正常的内皮核分裂 , 发展到全球胚胎相位 。
the fifth , the agribusiness managerial education should to teach the profession knowledge , to make the independent thinking and cultivate the habit of lifetime learning .	第五 , 农业管理教育应该教育专业知识 , 使其独立思维 , 培养生命学习习习习习习习习习习的习惯 。
empire: total war featured a brandnew engine which would become the foundation of our latest developments , and introduce fully 3d naval battles to the series for the first time .	帝国:总战争特色是我们最新的发展基础的品牌新发动机 , 首次介绍了全国3d海军战争的基础 。
students will be able to use the knowledge and methods they will have learned in this course to search related materials and find answers when they encounter law problems in the future .	学生将能够利用学生的知识和方法 , 他们将学习在这个课程中 , 搜索相关材料 , 并在未来遇到法律问题时找到答案 。
conclusion it is satisfactory of lattice scarification under corneal epithelium to treat bullous keratopathy caused by physical and mechanical factors .	结论在角膜上皮下 , 应用物理和机械因素治疗粗糙骨折的疗效满意 。
optimists shrug that politicians always talk populist claptrap during primaries and that mr obama has actually committed himself to very little .	政治家们总是在原始时谈到人口主义克拉普 , 奥巴马先生实际上承诺自己很少 。
the mode on wii carries the exact same design as it does elsewhere , less your hairstyle options which are for some reason limited to one color and three style choices .	wii的模式与其它地方的设计相同 , 您的发型选择比较少 , 对于某些原因有限于一个颜色和三种风格选择 。
the main view of this paper is: only when the laborers have legal collective bargaining right , and fully exercise this right , could they protect their own work rights and interests effectively ;	本论文的主要观点是:只有当劳动者有法律收集权时 , 完全运动权利 , 才能有效地保护自己的工作权利 ;
at the same un summit , president obama offered strong rhetoric but little substance as he faces fierce domestic opposition to proposed carbon cuts .	在同一联合国峰会上 , 奥巴马总统提出了强烈的反对 , 但他面临着激烈的国内反对 , 以提议碳削减 。
barack obama and hillary clinton went back and forth several times throughout their zigzag battle for the 2008 democratic nomination — sometimes via voice mail .	巴拉克奥巴马和希拉里·克林顿在2008年的民主提名中出现了几次 , 有时通过声音邮件来回来 。
the interior advances a practice that is dedicated to wish fulfillment , material exploration and an unashamed reveal of exotic theatricality present in daytoday life .	内部先进的实践表明 , 希望填充、材料勘探以及今天生活中存在的外部戏剧现象 。
balanced input signal from any true balanced player will be handled all the way through in fully balanced till it reaches the balanced headphone output connector .	平衡输入信号从任何真正平衡的球员都可以通过完全平衡的方法来处理 , 直到达到平衡的头电话输出连接器 。
the area has become an " arena " where gathers world big powers and various politics . the united states recognizes that central asia is part of the us global strategy .	这个地区已经成为一个 " 伊萨那 " , 聚集世界大权力和各种政治 , 美国认识到中亚是美国全球战略的一部分 。
the person most commonly associated with aop is gregor kiczales , currently at the university of british columbia , where he works on software modularity research .	目前在英国哥伦比亚大学的英国哥伦比亚大学 , 他在软件模块研究中工作 。
types of help might entail thorough job training on the job , direction , transportation , or other support enabling that individual to retain his or her employment .	类型的帮助可能会在工作、方向、交通或其他支持下完成工作的工作培训 , 以保持自己或她的职业 。
there was a scene whereby su jin finally went to the house she lived with yong min and finally packed up all her things and dropped the keys into the mail box .	有一个场景 , 苏金终于走到了房子里 , 她和永米住了 , 最后把所有东西包裹起来 , 把钥匙放到邮箱里 。
the finite element method is used to analyze the influence of external circumstances on effect of deicing or snow melting system by electrically conductive concrete .	采用有限元法对外界环境影响的分析 , 通过电导混凝土 , 分析了外界环境对缺陷或雪熔系统的影响 。
bp managers say they frequently hear that 'potus has ordered' such and such , 'potus' being washington shorthand for 'president of the united states . '	bp经理说他们经常听说 , " 反对者命令 " , 这样说 , " 反对华盛顿短缺 , 对于美国总统的 " 反对者 " 。
g2 united states recognizes the presence of international agencies , foreign governments and other representatives of staff and their immediate family members .	g2美国认识到国际机构、外国政府及其它代表人员和他们立即家庭成员的代表 。
in particular , the relevant import declaration form as signed and issued by the customs shall be submitted for the payment for any purchase of foreign exchange .	特别是 , 由海关发布的相关进口宣言形式 , 应当提交任何购买外汇交易的支付 。
the analyzing method in this paper is based on the classical theory of plates and shells and the twomoment limitedinteraction yield condition was used as the yield criterion for materials .	本文以板块和壳体的经典理论为基础 , 采用两种有限元反应产量条件 , 作为材料的产量标准 。
yi xiaozhun said that china maintained good economic and trade relations with malaysia and singapore . the three countries are important trade partners of each other .	杨晓春说 , 中国与马来西亚和新加坡保持良好的经济贸易关系 , 三国是互相贸易合作伙伴的重要贸易伙伴 。
for the occasion , this month's column provides a more indepth description of ibm support assistant in general , including the latest features .	因此 , 本月的专栏提供了更深入的描述ibm支持者在一般情况下 , 包括最新的特点 。
the analysis result shows: 1 favorable cap rock conditions can retard coalbed methane scattering and indirectly restrain methane desorbing ;	分析结果表明:1例较好的cp岩条件可得到煤层分散 , 直接限制甲烷脱矿 ;
pictures taken yesterday shows dozens of pupils jogging and playing badminton inside jiakai sports hall , which is equipped with an airpurifying system .	昨天拍摄的照片显示 , 几十个小狗在jiakai运动厅里玩坏人顿 , 装备空气化系统 。
fig . 5 illustrates an example of a pulse width generator with two alternate delay paths , according to another embodiment of the present invention .	根据本发明的另一个实例 , 图5显示了脉冲宽度生成器的一个示例 。
jinbao street is an avenue created after the destruction of a swathe of alleyways and traditional courtyard housing just east of the wangfujing shopping district .	金宝街是一条街道破坏合金路和传统的院院子 , 仅仅仅仅是王府东部的东方购物区 。
last week , france's national assembly voted to return the mummified heads of 16 maoris from various museums back to their homeland in new zealand .	上周 , 法国的民族组装投票投票 , 将16名马里斯从各种博物馆回到新西兰的家乡 。
china is in favor of setting up a peacebuilding commission to coordinate more effectively un efforts in peacekeeping , postconflict rehabilitation and development .	中国正在建立和平建设委员会 , 协调和平保持、后冲突重建和平、发展的努力 。
in this paper to discuss labor relations , labor law that is subject to adjustment of labor relations , should be a specific , narrow sense of labor relations .	探讨劳动关系的劳动关系 , 劳动法对劳动关系进行调整 , 应该是劳动关系的特殊性 , 更窄的劳动关系 。
“if japanese engineers did it , they would create a japanese product , ” explains hitoshi otsuki , who heads panasonic’s overseas operations .	" 如果日本工程师这样做 , 他们会创造一个日本产品 , " 索斯基解释说 , 他总是帕纳森的海外操作 。
anthocyanins provide the dark colours of many fruits and vegetables , such as blueberries and red peppers . they are what makes black rice 'black' .	甲烷提供了许多水果和蔬菜的暗色 , 比如蓝莓和红椒 , 它们是黑米的 " 黑米 " 。
'most earthquakerelated casualties result from collapsing walls , flying glass , and falling objects , ' says the fema web site .	女性网站说 , " 几乎地震的灾难会导致墙壁崩塌 , 飞行玻璃 , 飞行玻璃 , 降落物体 。 "
west of the great dividing range the landscape consists mostly of plains and plateaus ; the macdonnell ranges near the country's center are an exception .	西部大规模的景观范围主要由平原和高原组成 , 地中心附近的麦当尼尔山脉是一个例外 。
a the press of a button , a microcomputer lock all other floors'chute doors and sets the recyclingcontainer turning until the right box comes under the chute .	一个按钮的新闻 , 微型计算机锁定其他地板的门 , 并设置回收容器 , 直到右键 , 直到右键 。
the drought was serious for early rice from early pi to maturity under dry year type , and its strength and duration surpassed that of normal year type .	干旱在干燥类型早期 , 干燥程度较早 , 干燥程度较早 , 干燥程度较高 , 强度和时间过去了正常年类型 。
the grand hotels has the honor to meet with mr . ajoy k misra , senior vice president , sales & marketing of taj hotels resorts and palaces .	大酒店的荣誉与高级副总统、太阳酒店的销售和销售和市场相遇 。
united is pleased to announce it has reached an agreement with partizan belgrade and the players for zoran tosic and adem ljajic to join the club .	联合国很高兴宣布 , 它已经达到了一个与parizanbelgrade和zorantosic和admljic的球员达成协议 。
when i go across the developing countries and ask myself what is the largest single explanation for the huge diversity of economic performance , it falls in this territory .	当我走过开发中国家 , 问自己最大的单一解释是经济性能的多样性 , 它在这个领域下降 。
although a number of projects outerjacketing frame for storeyadding have been accomplished presently , there is little research on design methods for this kind of frame .	尽管目前已完成了许多外震框架 , 但对此类框架的设计方法有很少的研究 。
plan 1 is that heating in winter and cooling in summer is realized by gas direct fired lithium bromide absorbent type cool heaters using natural gas for fuel .	计划1是通过气体直接燃料 , 利用天然气气气燃料 , 实现冬冷却剂和冷却剂 。
the body position i end up in – with the tennis ball trapped in between my racket and the fence – is very similar to what your contact point will be when you actually serve .	身体位置我终于结了 , 随着网球在我的拉克和足球之间陷入了 , 与您的接触点相似 。
l929 cells were cocultured with the porous chitosan membranes and biocompatible observation was performed with scanning electron microscope .	采用扫描电子显微镜对l929细胞进行了多种壳聚糖膜和生物相容观察 。
the spirit of new asia college meant different signification by different period , but qian mu's noble ambition of developing chinese culture was always incarnated in it .	新亚大学的精神意味着不同时期的意义是不同的 , 但qianmu的发展中华文化的诺贝象总是在其中 。
ceramides are a type of lipid found in cell membranes , and they also serve as signals in the body's stress response , summers explained .	美国夏天解释说 , 陶瓷是细胞膜中发现的一种脂肪 , 同时也作为身体应力响应的信号 。
microsoft corp . , for example , has built up its cash levels to $60 . 9 billion , including equity and others investments as of march .	例如 , 微软公司建立了其现金水平达到60.9亿美元 , 包括股权和其他投资3月 。
the official jobless rate , which garners the bulk of attention from politicians and the public , was reported on friday to have risen to 9 . 7 percent in august .	据报道 , 今年8月 , 由政治家和公众所关注的官方无职率 , 据报道 , 今年8月的上升至9.7% 。
methods preoperative fine needle aspiration biopsy findings were compared with the final pathologic diagnosis of the surgically resected specimen in 241 cases .	方法对241例手术切除术前针刺生物检查结果进行比较 , 用手术诊断241例手术切除的临床诊断 。
when cave , as a kind of natural geomorphologic landscape , is developed and utilized by human being as a kind of tourism resource , we call it tourism cave .	当洞穴时 , 作为一种自然地理景观 , 由人类作为一种旅游资源 , 我们称之为旅游洞 。
angle: it turned green because the soda water contains alkali . things like soda water which can turn the juice into green , are called alkaline matters .	角:它变成绿色 , 因为soda水含有碱性 , 如soda水 , 可以转变成绿色 , 被称为碱性物质 。
with the development of dance with accompaniment as well as opening of society , permanent theatres came into existence in tang dynasty and perfomances became more frequent .	随着舞蹈的发展 , 随着社会的开放 , 永久的戏剧在唐代 , 永久的戏剧变得越来越频繁 。
the vehicle frame is the footboard type structure , which is comfortable and convenient in riding and can obviously reduce the labor intensity of riders .	车辆框架是脚板类型结构 , 具有舒适、方便 , 可明显降低车辆的劳动强度 。
and peng changes food to be caused easily full bilge feeling , the influence dines normally , meet what cloggy body pledges to nurture absorb .	彭改变食物的变化很容易引起全面的预报感觉 , 通常影响晚餐的影响 , 满足护理吸收的情况 。
he fled from wenzhou to the united states on september 21 , leaving 1 . 5 billion yuan in debt owed to both chinese banks and individual creditors .	他于9月21日从温州到美国 , 在债务中留下了15亿元 , 由于中国银行和个人信用者的债务 。
the seismology research centre says the earthquake measured 3 . 8 on the richter scale with an epicenter about 80 kilometers southwest of sydney .	地震学研究中心说 , 地震中心测量了3.8在丰富尺度上 , 约80公里的sydney西南部 。
when the drone finally pulls away , his barbed penis andabdominal tissues are ripped from his body . he dies shortly thereafter — what abuzz kill .	当司机终于推出时 , 巴尼斯·佩尼斯和巴尼斯联合组织被从身体中跳出来 , 他的身体就死了 , 就死了 , 他的身体就死了 。
the " metalframed composite hoses " are extensively used in industries such as petroleum , chemistry , pharmacy , foodstuff , storage and transportation .	" 金属帧复合材料 " 被广泛应用于石油、化学、药物、食品、储存和运输等行业 。
the phrase requiring the programmingtools word set shall be appended to the label of standard programs that require the system to provide the programmingtools word set .	要求编程工具集应该适用于标准程序的标准程序的标准程序的标准程序 , 以提供程序工具集 。
this course asks fundamental questions like why is the electric charge in nature quantized ? and why can't we find an isolated magnetic north or south pole ?	本课程要求基本问题如何是自然化的电荷 , 为什么我们不能找到一个孤立的磁性北极或南极呢 ?
a dead turtle floats on a pool of oil from the deepwater horizon spill in barataria bay off the coast of louisiana monday , june , 7 , 2010 .	2010年6月7日 , 6月7日 , 巴拉塔利亚海岸的巴拉塔利亚湾的深水平线溢出了一只死龟 。
conclusion the level of leukocyte cd18 and mpo increases and the leukocyte count decreases during reperfusion injury of rat island flaps .	结论lukoctecd18水平和mpo增加 , 白细胞在大鼠岛的重复损伤中降低 。
france is expected to pledge 150 gendarmes to head an afghan police training mission , with a further 150 coming from mainly mediterranean countries .	法国预计 , 法国将在150个年代 , 向阿富汗警察培训任务领导 , 进一步从中海国家来到150个 。
we hold that the implementation of omc is a realistic choice of eu , though not enough to help eu to achieve health care integration in the end for its own weaknesses .	我们坚持说 , omc的实现是欧盟的实际选择 , 尽管不足以帮助欧盟实现健康保健集成 , 尽管自己的弱点 。
this article consists of five chapters: chapter one and two introduce the basic information of vor , including the source , definition , basic theory and value .	本文主要包括五章:第一章和两章介绍了vor的基本信息 , 包括源、定义、基本理论和价值 。
but the sun is on our backs . with limited time to wander , why trail down to the grotto when we can see it , all mystery preserved , from the ramparts of the basilica ?	但是太阳在我们的背上 , 带有限时间去走 , 为什么我们可以看到的时候 , 所有神秘保存 , 从基本西拉姆帕斯的基础上来到地方呢 ?
during 10 years since rgs come into being , it has bred about 10 high yield , high quality rice varieties , brought hugely contribution to jilin province .	在10年以来 , rgs变成了 , 大约有10个高产、高品质水稻品种 , 给吉林省带来了巨大的贡献 。
check classified ads , both in print and online , to see what's available and what the going rate is in a particular neighborhood . get the earliest edition you can .	检查分类广告 , 都在印刷和网上 , 看到什么可用的 , 以及在某个特定的邻居 , 获得最早的版本 。
in a unique aviation experiment recently , the 170seat boeing 727 was made to crash in a controlled manner in a remote part of mexico's sonoran desert .	在最近 , 最近 , 170个座位boing727被制造成了一个遥远的墨西哥索诺兰沙漠的控制方式 。
i tell jurors at the very beginning of a trial that the freedom we usually have to jump to conclusions in everyday life is , for the purpose of this trial , now suspended .	我告诉陪审员们 , 我们通常必须在日常生活中跳来结论 , 为了试验的目的 , 现在悬挂了 。
this indeed is the one that i inscribe here as a balance to what is involved in meaning , it is the locus of that which , through the parlêtre , is designated in conscience as power .	实际上 , 我描述的是这里是一个平衡的 , 是参与的意义 , 它是通过parlalalaltre , 被指定为权力的孤独 。
this paper builds the multiple scattering model of imaging in fog and presents the algorithm of fog water content measure based on images blur degree .	本文建立了fog成像的多散射模型 , 提出了基于图像bl程度的雾水含量测量算法 。
the silkworm , bombyx mori , as a completely domesticated insect with good breeding and genetic system , has been considered as an ideal model for lepidoptera .	由于具有良好的繁殖和遗传系统 , 被认为是一种具有良好的国内昆虫的理想模型 。
i fly the aircraft back down to the 1 , 500foot line at 500 feet and modify my airspeed to get at show center for the pullup . i level off at about 500 feet .	我飞机回到500英尺的1500英尺线上飞到飞机上 , 修改我飞机的飞机 , 为了展中心 , 我离开大约500英尺 。
many have cautioned investors not to make rash decisions , such as liquidating all their lowrisk government bonds in order to sniff the green paper bill for just a minute .	许多投资者不要做出什麽决策 , 比如把所有低风险的政府债券 , 为了让绿色纸币只是一分钟 。
in his youth , lawrence kessenich often clashed with his father over politics and religion , but he also admired his dad’s commitment to helping the poor and homeless .	在他的青年里 , 劳伦斯基斯技术经常与他的父亲在政治和宗教上冲动 , 但他也承认他的爸爸的承诺帮助贫穷和家庭无家 。
arsenal can take positives from the result and most of the performance , city can take heart from the fact that even with 10 men they gave us a game until the second goal went in .	阿森纳可以采取积极的结果 , 大多数的表现 , 城市都能从事实上采取心脏 , 即使有10个人 , 直到第二个进球 。
what should we call these iphonelike , touch screen wifi phones with music and video , real web browsers , email , sensors , and , above all , app stores ?	我们应该叫这些iphone类似的 , 触摸屏屏幕电话 , 用音乐和视频 , 真正的web浏览器 , 电子邮件 , 传感器 , 以及上面 , 应用程序存储 ?
results the automatically rotating km—5000d microkeratome system comprised three parts: microcut system , double electronic dynamic device and control panel .	结果自动旋转km-5000d微震系统包括三个部分:微量系统、双电子动态装置和控制面板 。
impressed by the official's work , the gates foundation decided to adopt her model of prevention and outreach and replicate it in major cities across 12 provinces .	由官方的工作所造成的印象 , 盖茨基金会决定采用预防和出口模式 , 并在12个省复制它 。
despite u . s . misgivings , britainsaid earlier this month it would join the aiib . france , germany and italy quicklyfollowed .	尽管今年早些时候 , 尽管美国错误 , 英国本月早些时候也会加入法国、德国、意大利和意大利 。
but on the other hand , with the increase of the intrafirm trade and intraindustry trade , which is brought by multinational companies , the fdi has a positive effect on trade .	但另一方面 , 随着国内外贸易和产业贸易的增加 , 由多国公司带来了积极的影响 , fdi对贸易有积极的影响 。
interactive charts will show investors how their risk exposure changes when they buy more microsoft options , or hold fewer chinese stocks , or short the price of oil .	互动图表将显示投资者如何在购买更多微软选项的风险暴露的变化 , 或者有很少中国股票 , 或短期油价格 。
they and their patients have been very worried about the cardiovascular safety of rosiglitazone due to the meta analysis paper from new england journal of medicine .	他们和他们的病人一直担心罗斯坦酮的心血管安全 , 由于新英国新英国医学杂志的元分析报告 , 所以他们和他们的病人一直很担心 。
a few insect species including beetles and katydids actively bleed when attacked , but the benefits of taking such extreme measures were not clear .	几种昆虫 , 包括豆类和肉类活跃在攻击时 , 然而 , 这种极端措施并不清楚 。
infrared searching and tracking systems find wide use in military and civil applications . airborne irst systems are described , and its application examples are introduced .	介绍了红外搜索和跟踪系统在军事和民用应用中发现了广泛的应用 , 并介绍了其应用实例 。
the gravel , grave cement and concrete thickness are given for reference only ; the final thickness will be accurately calculated according to chinese regulation .	根据中国规定 , 给出了重量、重量水泥和混凝土厚度的参考 , 最后的厚度将准确计算 。
energy prices eased a bit tuesday , with oil hovering around$134 . 01 a barrel and gas prices at $4 . 078 a gallon .	星期二 , 能源价格很容易 , 油价每桶134.01美元 , 气价格达到4.078美元 。
even though its owners lacked all six required licenses , it operated on state property in full view of a stateowned mine for more than three years , the official said .	官方说 , 虽然其所有人缺乏六项需要许可证 , 但在全国国有的国家财产上运营 , 但其实现了超过三年的国有矿产 。
for average people in china , they hope to find something from those countries that we can learn from , meanwhile intimidated by the potential despise or discrimination we might get in reward .	对于中国人民来说 , 他们希望从这些国家中找到一些我们可以学习的东西 , 同时我们可能会获得奖励 。
medvedev people in more than she had in mind the same year 1909 , the washington state governor to respond to announce the third sunday in june as father's day .	1909年 , 华盛顿州长在6月第三天宣布 , 华盛顿今天的第三个星期日宣布了第三个星期日 。
a report by the world's leading international health organizations today calls for joint action to accelerate the development and licensing of a highly effective malaria vaccine .	今天全球首席国际卫生组织的报告称 , 为加快联合行动的开发和许可 , 加快了高效疟疾疫苗的发展和许可 。
the building faces south to capture the best views and has sweeping terraces that overhang by 2 . 5 metres to prevent glare into the rooms below .	建筑面对南方捕获最好的观点 , 已经扫过2.5米 , 防止玻璃到下面的房间 。
designing your threadsafe class in this fashion allows it to be used in a multithreaded application as easily as a nonthreadsafe class , but with a higher level of safety .	设计你的线程安全类 , 允许它在多线程应用程序中使用 , 作为非线程安全类 , 但具有较高的安全性 。
productivity in the united states has fluctuated widely in recent decades . from 1979 to 1990 , u . s . productivity grew by a slow 1 . 4% annually .	1979年至1990年 , 美国的生产力已经在近几十年流动 , 从1979年到1990年 , 美国的生产力逐渐增长了1.4% 。
but the researchers suggest that if the weakening trend continues , there could be more severe cyclones , even during the summer monsoon months of june to september .	但是研究人员建议 , 如果缺乏趋势持续 , 即使在六月到九月的夏季 , 即使在月份 , 就会有更严重的循环 。
moreover , this paper takes an example of the renewal and transformation of haohe in nantong , analyzing the experience from the investigation about background and course of it .	此外 , 文章从反龙的背景和背景分析了海河的再生和转换实例 , 探讨了海河的经验 。
however , the compressed air pass the same large area of laval nozzle in the traditional vacuum ejector all through the working process , so its large shortcoming is high compressed air consumption .	然而 , 压缩空气在传统真空喷嘴中传递了相同的大面积 , 因此它的大型压缩空气消耗较高 。
democrats such as mr . hoyer blame the deficit largely on the bush administration , which inherited budget surpluses , but left office with deficits .	民主党如霍伊尔先生谴责布什政府的赤字大多是在布什政府上进行的 , 继承了预算 , 但离开了缺陷 。
in addition to the sparql endpoints that appear on the public internet , others are appearing behind firewalls to ease crosssilo querying of enterprise data .	除了在公共互联网上出现的sparql端点外 , 其他人出现在火墙后面 , 以便易于企业数据的交叉查询 。
cherie blair , the wife of prime minister tony blair , posed nude for a painting when she was a trainee lawyer in her mid20s , the times reported .	据时间报道 , 总理托尼·布莱尔的妻子切里·布莱尔在20年代中期 , 她是一名火车律师的画家 。
neither fighter has ever appeared out of shape or drastically ran out of gas during a distance fight , but both tend to fade a bit over the second half of a 12round bout .	在距离战斗中 , 战斗者从未出现的形状 , 或是在距离战斗中跑出来 , 但两者都倾向于面临着一半的12周的飞行 。
the results can be shown by numerical value and by graphic in the developed software that make it be seen directly . besides , the working interface is easy for workers to use .	这些结果可以通过数值和图形在开发的软件中直接显示 , 除了直接看到 , 外 , 工作界面很容易用于工人使用 。
you can now adjust your websphere integration developer authentication to use your administrator user , leaving the wpsserver id for use only by your server process .	现在您可以调整您的websphere集成开发人员验证 , 用于使用您的管理员用户 , 留下wpserverid只使用服务器进程 。
although figure 5 shows an mvclike model as an example , you can apply the basic principles of the rich web application backplane to any model and page design methodology .	虽然图5显示了mvcli类似模型作为一个例子 , 但您可以应用丰富的web应用程序背景到任何模型和页面设计方法 。
the new economic realities may lead to flat matchday revenues . while attendances continue to hold up well , many clubs have frozen or reduced ticket prices .	新经济现实可能会导致平均比赛的收入 , 同时也会继续持有好处 , 许多俱乐部已经冻结或减少票价格 。
on tv , a news reporter states that the vice president has the largest campaign war chest in history and is therefore the oddson favorite to win her party’s nomination .	在电视台上 , 一位新闻记者表示 , 副总统在历史上拥有最大的竞选战争 , 因此奥德森最喜欢赢得党的提名 。
based on the bidirectional properties of semiconductor cooler , we designed a bidirectional active highaccurated temperature controller , with broad working range .	基于半导体冷却器的双向性能 , 设计了一种双向高精度高精度的温度控制器 , 具有广泛的工作范围 。
although the ford fseries was the number one best selling vehicle in the us last year , there were six foreign owned models in the top ten list in 2010 .	虽然福特公司是去年在美国的最佳销售车辆 , 但在2010年最高的十个名单中有六个外国拥有的模式 。
occasionally , a follicle doesn't open to release the egg or recloses after releasing the egg and swells with fluid , forming an ovarian cyst .	偶尔 , 在释放卵子和卵巢肿瘤后 , 卵子并不开放 , 卵子和卵巢的细胞形成卵巢 。
'we are not receiving special treatment ; we compete for business just like every other company , ' the fairfield , conn . , conglomerate said recently on its website .	" 我们并不接受特殊的治疗 , 我们就像其他公司一样竞争 , " 公平场 " , conglomerate最近在其网站上说 。
he faces an investigation in france about allegations he sexually attacked a young novelist in 2003 , and a civil suit in new york by ms . diallo .	他面临了一项对法国的调查 , 他在2003年的性感袭击了一名年轻小说家 , 并且在纽约的民间服装 。
results show that the thermal comfort of combined system is the best , and the risk of condensation is lower than that when chilled ceiling panel operates individually .	结果表明 , 结合系统的热舒适性是最好的 , 凝结的风险比填充式天花板操作的风险要低 。
at worst , he and his wife would earn about 600 yuan a month ; at the busiest times , when production ran until 2am , they could take home 2 , 100 yuan each .	最糟糕的时候 , 他和他的妻子将每月收到约600元 ; 在繁忙的时候 , 当产量跑到2点 , 他们可以回家2 , 100元 。
i could throw a few words at you supporting , sharing dreams and aspirations , confiding , loving , compromising but these are just words unless you act upon them .	我可以在你支持、共享梦想和呼吸的几句话上扔几句话 , 信心 , 爱 , 抱怨 , 但是 , 除非你在他们身上行动 。
napolitano's comments came days after a nigerian man was arrested for igniting a small explosion on a northwest airline flight bound for detroit friday .	纳波利塔诺的评论来自尼日利亚人在周五在北空中飞行界逮捕了一个小爆炸 。
our production team had tried many kinds of " idol " style selection shows in the past , " said jin , who was previously bestknown for his 2007 show " my hero " .	我们的生产团队已经尝试了许多 " 偶像 " 的风格选择展示 , " 金先前为他的2007年的 " 英雄 " 的最好表现 。
" we view them as very similar things , " says erik , a 28yearold assistant professor , referring to math and art . " they're both creative processes .	" 我们认为他们是相似的事情 , " 埃里克说 , 28岁的助理教授 , 指数学和艺术 , " 他们都是创造性的过程 。
mr . noda's move raised speculation that he may be trying to show opposition members he is serious about cooperating with them in shaping budget and tax policies .	诺达先生的运动提高了预算和税收政策 , 他可能试图展示反对党成员 , 他正在与他们合作 。
a taper company sends me the sample by there a/c . i did't like the sample then i send the sample to that company by my a/c and he made the same one . now we are doing great business .	一家高级公司给我发出了一个/c的样本 , 我不喜欢样本 , 然后通过a/c发送样本 , 然后他给我带来了同样的样本 , 现在我们正在做好很大的业务 。
to study relations between rrti and blood zinc value of children , blood zinc value of 35 cases of rrti were compared with that of 40 cases of no rrti .	为了研究35例rti和血锌价值之间的关系 , 对40例无rti患者的血锌价值进行了比较 。
however , after choosing it , the subject would find a silver lining: " with a broken leg , i will be able to lie in bed watching tv , guiltfree .	然而 , 在选择之后 , 主题将找到银色衬衫: " 碎腿 , 我能留在床上看电视 , 无罪 。 "
in this paper , ningbo is used as an object , and detail investigation and re search on present situation of science and technology resources have been done on it .	本文以宁波作为对象 , 对现有科学和技术资源的现状进行了详细的调查和探索 。
where the losses in a traffic accident are caused intentionally by the driver of a nonmotor vehicle or a pedestrian , the driver of the motor vehicle shall not bear liability .	交通事故发生的损失 , 由非汽车驾驶员或行业人员所引起的 , 汽车车辆的驱动机不承担责任 。
" cashforclunkers " programmes whereby governments subsidise the purchase of a new vehicle to replace old energyinefficient vehicles have been widely used .	" 现金包装商 " 计划 , 因此政府将购买新的汽车 , 以替代旧能源工程车辆已被广泛应用 。
this paper deals with the threshold condition of double resonance parametric oscillation when the absorption coefficient of the signal light is different from that of the idling light .	通过对双共振参数振荡的阈值条件进行了分析 , 在信号光的吸收系数不同时 , 分析了信号光的吸收系数 。
twentyfive years ago , for a chinese person to visit a foreign country or even to visit hong kong , part of our own country , it was very difficult or almost impossible .	二十五年前 , 中国人参观一个外国或甚至访问香港 , 我国的一部分 , 很难或几乎不可能 。
supporters prepare a huge inflatable figure of venezuela's president hugo chavez outside the national assembly building in caracas august 15 , 2007 .	支持者在2007年8月15日在卡萨萨萨斯州的全国组装大楼外制造出了巨大的不平均数字 。
the influence of the ratio of alg , w component and porosity upon the resistivity of ag w electro contact material were examined by the computer simulation approach .	通过计算机仿真方法 , 考察了agww电接触材料的电阻率、电阻率和电阻性能的影响 。
it is possessed of delicate and symmetrical appearance and accords with the conventions of chinese traditional decoration and aesthetics , therefore , it is named chinese knot .	根据中国传统装饰与美学的传统规定 , 具有美学意义和对称表现 , 具有很好的表现和对称性 。
traffic was snarled in cities from los angeles to washington , d . c . , as antiwar protesters blocked off major intersections , some chaining themselves together .	在洛杉矶到华盛顿的城市 , 就像反war的抗议者阻止了主要的交通 , 有些链接自己一起 。
as a communication interface of a downhole instrument composed of multicomputers , it exchanges commands and data with the data acquisition system through asynchronous serial port .	作为由多计算机组成的下孔仪器的通信接口 , 通过异步序列端口交换命令和数据采集系统 。
on the other side , the request of microwave communicating system becomes more and more critical to the performance of microwave passive device including coupler , splitter .	另一方面 , 微波通信系统的要求越来越重要 , 对于微波通信设备的性能 , 包括coupler、分裂器的性能 , 微波通信系统的要求越来越重要 。
in xun zi's view of history , the relationship between the saint and the tao not only has logical consistency , but also has a rich and diverse relationships in different historical periods .	在xunzi的历史观念中 , 圣与道之间的关系不仅具有逻辑一致性 , 而且在不同历史时期也有丰富多样的关系 。
this allows chiquita to deliver bananas with the colors requested by the customers , which falls anywhere on a ninepoint scale ranging from green to deep yellow .	这允许芝加安排与客户请求的颜色交付巴纳斯 , 这些颜色是否会从绿色到深黄色的九分之一 。
here , on a site once meant for processing spent nuclear fuel rods , an unusual textiles factory is setting up shop to serve the auto body construction industry .	在这里 , 在一个网站上 , 就意味着加工花费的核燃料棒 , 建立了一个不寻常的纺织厂 , 为汽车构造业提供了服务 。
a high degree of reproducibility was also demonstrated . the tcb is a noninvasive , simple and convenient monitoring and screening device for neonatal jaundice .	同时也证明了一种高度可再生性的高度 , tcb是一种非侵入性、简单、简单、便捷的监测和屏幕设备 。
a thousand feet underground , the cave of crystals is just one of a series of glittering caverns beneath the chihuahuan desert's naica mountain .	一千英尺的地下 , 晶体的洞穴只是壳华沙漠山下的一系列闪烁的洞穴之一 。
the kopeck weary performance mainly manifests in the hit probability , before already carried on season in the middle of match kopeck shooting average only then pitiful 36% .	在赛季中期的比赛中 , 库普克的性能主要表现出来 , 在赛季的比赛中 , 比赛的比赛中 , 比赛只有36% 。
since minimal invasive surgery is still “major” surgery , all the usual complications such as heart attack , stroke and even death are rare but possible .	自从最小侵入手术仍然是 " 主要 " 手术 , 所有普遍并发症如心脏病、中风甚至死亡都很罕见 。
jianjiang , shexian county native during the late ming and early qing dynasties , whose buddhist name is hongren , was a pioneer of xin'an art school .	建江 , 深建县在清初期晚清时期 , 其佛教名字是香港 , 是新南艺术学校的首席领 。
the intellectualized thermoregulation principle of wool fabric finished by nanomicrocapsule is analyzed . the ideal heatabsorbing model is built .	分析了纳米胶囊制备木材料的智能化热调节原理 , 建立了理想的热吸附模型 。
scientific , procedure , computery , system management , corrective as always and set up the best products for our goal . fulfil the quality procedure to satisfy customers .	科学、程序、计算机、系统管理、正确 , 为我们的目标建立最佳产品 , 满足客户的质量程序 。
sanshandao gold mine is the first hard rock mine carrying out undersea mining in china , which adopts the mechanical upward horizontal slice stopingfilling method with pointed pillars .	三山大金矿是我国第一个艰难的岩石矿床 , 采用机械上升的水平滑动停止填充方法 。
all values in a specific column of a database table are encrypted with the same password provided by the user , the same encryption algorithm , and the same cipher mode .	通过用户提供的同一密码 , 将数据库表中的所有值都加密到一个特定的列中 , 同时加密算法和同一个cipher模式 。
pickled the movie , a surf flick by billabong usa featuring 8 worldclass surfers , 8 exotic countries , 1 total wannabe and a jar of pickles .	选举了这部电影 , 由比尔伯朗美洲的8个世界级的外国 , 8个外国 , 总有1个万纳比和一只挑选的罐头 。
inverse archshaped bending of curved forms , ridged rear driving cabins on a slightly convex , continuous glass packaging and elegant surrounding the...	逆向拱形弯曲的弯曲形式 , 轻轻轻的转弯 , 连续玻璃包装和高雅的环绕 。
in this article , the progress of precoated steel for household appliance at baosteel is described . the quality , varieties and problems in the production are also mentioned with suggestions .	文章介绍了宝钢的预制钢的进展 , 提出了生产质量、品种、品种和问题 。
futurism , an early twentiethcentury movement in craft , rejected entire institutions and tried to exalt contemporary life by emphasizing the machine and film .	自由主义 , 二十世纪早期的工艺运动 , 拒绝整个机构 , 试图通过强调机器和电影实现当代生活 。
former ministry of labor , " the labor contract system off and notice a number of issues , " the fifth requirement: " the labor contract may provide for the effective time of the contract .	前期劳动部门 " 劳动合同制度 " , 注意到了许多问题 , " 第五条要求: " 劳动合同可能为合同提供有效的时间 。
mainly used in communications products , personal digital assistant , watches clocks , all kinds of instruments , office machinery , computer , car audio electric toy products .	主要用于通信产品、个人数字辅助、观看钟、各种仪器、办公机、电脑、汽车玩具产品 。
its original meaning is that the fox borrows the tiger's ferocity to bluster other animals . its extended meaning is to bully people by virtue of somebody's influence .	它的原本意义是 , 狐狸借给虎的种族 , 使其扩展的意义是由某人影响而产生的意义 。
objective to investigate the heartprotective effects of compound chinese medicine of tianma gouteng prescription on renal hypertensive rats and to explore its mechanism .	目的探讨天马高血压大鼠心脏保护作用 , 探讨其作用机制 。
dedicated hydroelectric projects are often built to provide the substantial amounts of electricity needed for aluminium electrolytic plants , for example .	例如 , 建立了水电工程的水电工程 , 为铝电解厂提供了大量的电力量 。
it is the type of wood used to smoke the tobacco leaves and the amount of smoke exposure that gives firecured tobacco leaves their distinctive flavours .	这是一种用来吸烟烟叶和烟草暴露的木材类型 , 给烟草留下的烟草 。
among all the modules , we focus on the design of indexer and searcher based on the multilevel partitioning strategy , a novel index partition strategy proposed by us .	基于多级分区策略的多层次分区策略 , 重点研究指标和搜索者的设计 , 提出了一种新的指标分区策略 。
objective:to study the effects of masticatory movements on the functional activity of brain by comparing the blood flow change before and after rpd restoration of freeend edentia .	目的:探讨血流变化对大脑功能活动的影响 , 比较血流变化前后血流变化的影响 。
the stability and global convergence properties analysis of the multivariable generalized predictive poleassignment selftuning control recursive algorithm is presented .	给出了多变量预测极分配自调控制回收算法的稳定性和全局收敛性能分析 。
the invention relates to a method for manufacturing a flatplate heat tube . the method comprises the following steps: providing an upper cover plate and a lower cover plate ;	本发明涉及一种制造平板热管的方法 , 包括以下步骤:提供上盖板和下盖板 ;
the main buildings in that temple are then daxiong hall , the sutra hall , the clock tower , the in script ion " midnight bells " , the first floor of maple river .	这座庙里的主要建筑物是大厦 , 太空大厅 , 钟塔 , 脚本中间的 " 夜铃 " , 第一层地板地板 。
since asphaltic concrete materials are temperature dependent in nature , measured deflections and hence the structural capacity of pavement vary with temperature .	由于沥青混凝土材料的温度依赖于自然 , 测量的反射 , 因此 , 具有不同温度的结构能力 。
in 1995 wu li took the strategic goal of shanghai in terms of domestic and international status and role as the basis for devising the rational size of population .	1995年 , 吴立在国内外地位和国际地位的战略目标和战略目标的基础上 , 为人口合理规模提供了依据 。
the fatty secamines can be directly prepared by the catalytic hydrogenation of the fatty nitriles , using ammonia synthesis gas instead of pure hydrogen .	采用氨基合成气相反 , 可以直接制备脂肪氮的催化剂 , 用氨基合成气相反纯氢气 。
also the scholar thinks: itch becoming aware basically is by cuticular derma of the boundary sensory experience with place of shallowlayer skin clump conduct .	同时 , 学者认为 , 它基本上是通过对浅层皮肤的边界感觉经验的特殊性德玛来认识的 。
eventually , the system could use software or hardware to deal with emergencies such as giving an alarm for abnormity , poweroff , stopping charging and stopping discharging and so on .	最后 , 系统可以使用软件或硬件来处理紧急情况 , 例如给出异常、电力、停止电荷、停止放电、停止放电等 。
taxation is a significant means for accommodating economics , and the arrangement of the tax system and tax administration can influence the development of nonstate enterprises greatly .	税收是适应经济的重要手段 , 税收制度和税收管理的安排有着重要的影响 。
if the ribbon was severed , the top would burn up in the atmosphere , and the bottom would flutter to the ground " with the force of a sheet of paper , " according to liftport .	根据利物浦的报道 , 如果利比昂被送往大气中 , 顶部将会燃烧 , 底部将飞往地面 " 的地面 " 。
the demonstrations come a day before the centreright coalition of chancellor angela merkel is due to discuss the date when germany's nuclear reactors will finally be shut down .	示威之前 , 由于德国核反应堆的核反应堆最终将关闭的时候 , 所以 , 这个示威是一天之前的 。
applying the theory of metaphors , familybased moral systems and contemporary american politics to the study of presidential campaign speeches entails dual meanings .	运用隐喻理论、家庭道德体系和当代美国政治研究总统演讲的双重意义 。
insiders pointed out that the two companies will now be entertainment devices sold at much lower profit , expect this market share , and rely on the application of highprofit game to get the benefits .	内部人士指出 , 两家公司现在将在更低的利润销售 , 预期本市场份额 , 依赖于高利润游戏的应用 , 获得利益 。
dengue , for example , has notoriously emerged as one of the fastest growing disease burdens in the world ; today , cases are reported in many regions formerly free of the disease .	例如 , 长期来说 , 世界上最快的疾病负担之一 , 今天报告在许多地区的疾病自由自由 。
less than 70% of those with concerns about their periods have ever spoken to a gp , a survey of 600 women aged 1645 for the haemophilia society says .	哈莫菲利亚社会的一项调查显示 , 至少70%的关于他们的时期的关注者 , 曾经对一个gp说过 , 这项调查显示 。
or , you might encounter the task of transforming xml data into xhtml to deliver an attractive , interactive , and usable interface for mobile users and various web browsers .	或者 , 您可能会遇到转换xml数据的任务 , 将xhtml转换成xhtml , 以交付吸引力、互动性和移动用户和各种浏览器的接口 。
like a savvy career counselor or financial planner , the right advisor can help you build a solid foundation as well as steer you through choppy waters once you open your doors .	就像一个保存的职业生涯咨询员或金融规划员一样 , 正确的顾问可以帮助您建立一个固体基础 , 以及在你打开你的门口之后 , 你就会变得更稳定 。
" i'd like present you orion . " the orion , billed as the next generation of manned spacecraft , has been de scribed by some nasa engineers as " apollo on steroids " .	" 我喜欢现在的奥运会 , " 奥运会 " 被一些nasa工程师描述为 " 蒸汽工程师 " 。
working into the wee hours totally disrupts worklife balance , causes you to miss out on time with loved ones , and more often than not , leads you to lose precious hours of sleep .	整个小时完全失败了工作平衡 , 导致你错过时间与爱人一起 , 往往往不会 , 导致你失去睡眠的时候 。
in kurdish legend , the holiday celebrates the deliverance of the kurds from a tyrant , and it is seen as another way of demonstrating support for the kurdish cause .	在kurdish传奇中 , 假日庆祝库尔德的交付 , 从一个严格的传奇中被视为另一个示威支持库尔德的原因 。
firstclass passengers get directv for the same price as a glass of champagne — for free — and coach passengers pay $6 to go channel surfing .	首先 , 乘客在同样的价格上直接获得了相同的价格 , 为了自由 , 教练乘客支付了6美元的信道冲浪 。
considering chinese labor is up to 3times more expensive now than places like vietnam , why aren't we making an effort to manufacture in those cheaper countries if we have too ?	考虑中国劳动力比越南等地方更昂贵 , 为什么我们也不努力制造那些廉价的国家呢 ?
on the other hand , the suitable reinforced method is selected in comparison with various reinforcement schemes such as injection root pile , nonskid pile , anchor bar and so on .	另一方面 , 选择了适宜的加强方法 , 比较各种加强方案 , 如注射根桩、非滑桩、锚杆等 。
“the current mood is that his resignation is likely to be accepted but no decision has been made yet , ” an official at the presidential blue house told the financial times .	" 目前的情绪是 , 他的辞职可能很可能接受 , 但是没有决定 , " 总统蓝宫的官员告诉金融时候说 。
in this paper , multiscale wavelet decomposition and susan operator are synthetically used in image processing , then the locations of feature points are rapidly acquired .	本文合成了多尺寸波分解和ssan操作符在图像处理中应用 , 然后快速获得特征点的位置 。
one " bad apple " can spread negative behavior like a virus to bring down officemates or destroy a good team , according to a new study examining conflict in the workplace .	据一项新的研究显示 , 一个 " 坏苹果 " 可以传播负面行为 , 比如病毒带来办公室或毁灭良好的团队 。
" it's all about the product development capability , " yoshikazu tanaka , chief executive officer of japan's no . 3 social networking operator , gree inc (	" 所有产品开发能力都是关于 " 日本第三个社会网络运营商yoshikzzu坦卡 , " 日本首席执行官yoshikazutnakaaaka , "
she also sent photographs of the orphanage and told me about the caregivers , or “mommas , ” as they were called—most of them youngish haitian women with families of their own .	她还发出了一张照片 , 并告诉我关于职业生涯的照片 , 或者 " ommas " , 他们称之为 " , 大多数年轻的海地妇女和家庭的家庭 。
and here i want to warn all my relatives and people close to me that these services will use all means to trap and try to kill and liquidate me either physically , socially or professionally .	在这里 , 我想要警告所有的亲戚 , 人们密切地告诉我 , 这些服务将使用所有的手段来吸引并试图杀死和液体 , 社交或专业 。
but attention soon shifted away from the rainforest to issues like climate change and organic agriculture , and now the amazon is disappearing at about the same rate it was in the 1980s .	然而 , 很快就不久从雨林中转移到如气候变化和有机农业等问题 , 现在 , 阿马逊正在消失在1980年代的同一速度 。
the company says it was able to raise such a large round because programmable logic device chips are the most profitable sector in the semiconductor market , with gross margins of 65 percent .	本公司称 , 能够提高这种大圆形 , 因为可编程逻辑设备芯片是半导体市场中最有利的部分 , 占65% 。
article 14 the government may require a communications enterprise to take necessary emergency measures for the public interest in the event of natural disasters or emergencies .	第十四条政府可能要求通信企业采取必要的紧急措施 , 应对自然灾难事件或紧急事件的事件或应急事件的事件 。
instead , he focused on what the company already allows users to do on musician pages on the site via music player applications and the like , many of which come from thirdparty developers .	相反 , 他把注意力集中在公司已经允许用户通过音乐播放器应用程序进行音乐家页面 , 以及如此 , 很多来自第三方开发人员 。
mr . liu found fulltime work as a laborer ; his wife took a part time job and watched over the family’s two children , a daughter and their young son liu jingjun .	刘先生找到了全职的工作 , 他的妻子拿了一部分时间工作 , 看着家里的两个孩子 , 一个女儿和他们的年轻儿子刘洁俊 。
senior lieutenant colonel tran thanh hang , who is responsible for receiving war memorabilia donated to the museum , said as yet , no one knows who le d . tuan was .	由于受到战争纪念碑捐赠的战争纪念物馆 , 高级学生们比杭 , 他负责接受了对此博物馆的责任 。
having one global file to update means less of a headache , just remember to update it when you add or delete a user , then push it out to all boxes again via scp .	将一个全球文件更新为简单 , 只要记住在添加或删除用户时 , 就会将它推出到所有的箱子中 。
based on the keywords our clients suggested to us , we bought up several keywordrich urls , for anywhere from $100 to $4 , 000 per url .	根据我们的客户建议 , 我们买了几个关键词 , 因为任何地方从100美元到400美元的url 。
we have discussed how the custom administrative client receives information from the websphere environment , but how does it in turn push the information to the monitoring tools ?	我们讨论了如何从webspher环境中获得信息的自定义客户端如何从webspher环境中获得信息 , 但如何将信息推到监控工具 ?
emphases of the paper are on constructing a reasonable data structure and realizing the basic function of solid modeling such as rotation , zoom , pan and section view . etc .	重点建立了一种合理的数据结构 , 实现了固体建模的基本功能 , 如旋转、振动、潘和部分视图等 。
phyllis ring , 81 , of fort collins , colorado , watched the speech from her wheelchair in the end zone of denver's invesco football stadium .	菲利斯环81岁 , 在丹佛投资足球场的最后一个地方 , 科罗拉多看着她的球场的演讲 。
one development that wolfram is especially excited about is using wolfram alpha's ability to understand and compute natural language queries in order to create mathematica programs .	沃尔夫拉姆特别兴奋的一个发展 , 尤其是使用伍尔夫拉姆·阿尔法的能力来理解和计算自然语言查询 , 以便创建数学程序 。
elisa is a young married lady working on an isolated farm and proud of her skills in growing flowers . one day , she suddenly feels a desire to communicate with .	伊丽莎是一位年轻的婚姻女士在孤立的农场上工作 , 和她的技能在生长中自豪 , 一天 , 她突然感觉到很有必要的沟通 。
volunteer mentors are expected to spend 6090 minutes a week helping newcomers on work culture , contacts , writing applications and learning about professional associations .	志愿者预计在工作文化、联系、接触、写作应用和学习专业协会上花了609分钟的帮助 。
it has mobilized 11 air force planes , four navy vessels with divers and a tanker for the retrieval operation that jobim said was being carried out in a 120mile radius .	它已经移动了11架空军飞机 , 四艘海军舰队和一艘坦克人在120英里半径的检索操作中进行 。
caracas , venezuela – a plane carrying 51 people crashed monday in eastern venezuela , and officials said 33 survived while at least 14 were killed .	卡卡萨斯 , 委内瑞拉飞机在周一举行51人撞击了东部委内瑞拉 , 官员表示 , 33人生存在至少14人死亡 。
a breakdown of the numbers by country reveals authorities are seeking 7590 chinese , 5050 americans , 4020 malaysians and 3470 british .	一个由国家的破产者揭示 , 政府正在寻找7590名中国人 , 50名美国人 , 4020名马来西亚人和3470名英国人 。
good looks can slay a woman's chances of snaring jobs considered " manly , " along to a learn along the university of colorado denver business school .	好看起来 , 女性的机会被认为是 " 男性 " 的机会 , 沿着科罗拉多丹佛商学院学习 。
andrea pirlo had an early freekick charged down by the defensive wall while clarence seedorf and cresp both had halfchances as sampdoria massed in defence .	安德里亚皮尔洛早期被防御墙收费 , 而清晰的种子和破裂两者都有一半的机会 。
the human infections of diphyllobothrium latum , toxocara canis , and triodontophorus minor discovered by lin from beijing were the first records in the country .	北京林地区的第一个记录是第一次记录的第一记录 。
britain's prince william will marry his longtime girlfriend kate middleton in 2012 , on the eve of the london olympics , the news of the world reported sunday .	据世界卫星报道 , 英国王子威廉将在2012年结婚他的长期女朋友凯特·米德尔顿在伦敦奥运会的早期 。
when a user's mail file is set to use the inotes6 . ntf template , it inherits all the design elements in this template and also inherits the reference to the shared forms file .	当用户的邮件设置使用inotes6.ntf模板时 , 它继承了这个模板中的所有设计元素 , 并且继承了共享形式文件的参考 。
however , phenolic plastic prepared with twostep method is mostly cured with htma and this curing process will release ammonia from htma , which will corrode the copper or brass parts .	然而 , 用两步法制备的普诺lic塑料 , 主要是用htma法制备的 , 这种方法将释放在htma中 , 从htma中 , 将腐蚀铜或铜部件 。
clapper rails in particular are highly dependent on the marshes—including fiddler crabs , a dietary staple—and they'll have nowhere to go if the oil arrives .	特别是高度依赖于马什的克拉珀铁路 , 包括菲德勒克拉伯斯 , 一个饮食稳定 , 现在他们将在哪里去 。
“the government says everything is fine , ” said aleksandra volgina , 31 , the leader of candle , a russian aids organization based in st . petersburg .	" 政府说 , 所有的东西都是很好的 , " 阿尔克斯桑德拉·吉纳说 , 31岁的候选人 , 是基于圣彼得堡的俄罗斯援助组织的领袖 。
“we have discovered that no class of drugs had been spared , ” said aline plançon , the head of interpol’s counterfeit drug department . “it’s not just primary medicines .	" 我们已经发现 , 没有一类药物被喷出 , " a线规划局长阿普罗的抗炎药物部长说 , " 这不仅仅是主要药物 。 "
the mycelium biomass of trichoderma koniggi tr6 and saccharomyces cerevisiae cb2 were found to has a good linear relation with the content of ergosterine .	研究结果表明 , 三氯化镁tr6和三氯化物cb2的神经生物量与杏仁酯的含量有较好的线性关系 。
to determine the rate of cd4 testing completion , we reviewed the records of all clinic patients who tested positive for hiv between january 2008 and february 2009 .	为了确定2008年1月至2009年2月的艾滋病艾滋病艾滋病艾滋病患者cd4测试完成率 , 综述了所有临床病人记录 。
taking an accurate census in china is a difficult task with the millions of migrant workers who've left their official addresses in the countryside for opportunities in the cities .	在我国 , 采取准确的青少年任务是一个难以置信的任务 , 数以百万名移民工人在农村的官方地址 。
based on the communication control system of metro vehicles in shenzhen metro phase 1 , this paper presents the realization principle and the application method in actual operation of trb mode .	基于深圳市铁路1号铁路车辆通信控制系统 , 提出了实现trb模式的实际操作原理和应用方法 。
the improved malachite green method utilizes the malachite green dye and molybdate , which forms a stable colored complex specifically with inorganic phosphate .	采用有机磷酸盐 , 改进的malachite绿色法 , 利用malachite绿色染色和molybate , 形成了稳定的色泽复杂的色谱 。
the total length of 80page paper , over 120 doctorate awarded by the school committee determined to be plagiarism , twothirds did not indicate the bibliography .	80页的总长度 , 超过120多名学校委员会授予的医生决定是平等主义 , 三分之二没有指出圣经图 。
children fathered by older men are likely to be less intelligent than the offspring of younger dads , australian and us scientists have found in a report published yesterday .	昨天 , 澳大利亚和美国科学家在报告中发现 , 年轻的父亲、澳大利亚和美国科学家在一份报告中发现 。
apply the established evaluation criteria number system to research the ride feature of wmtc test cycle and the difference with ftp , ece etc emission test cycle .	通过建立了wmtc测试周期的评价标准 , 研究了wmtc测试周期的危险特性和ftp、ece等排放测试周期的差异 。
eileen chang' s original is possessed of female narrative , it is decided by the writer' s sex and demonstrates that female deconstruct masculinist .	由作家的性别决定了女性叙事的原因 , 是由作家的性别决定的 , 并证明女性解构造主义 。
the mechanism , parameter design and application of a new type of high frequency electromagnetic antiscaling equipment based on frequency scanning technique are discussed .	讨论了一种基于频率扫描技术的高频电磁防范设备的机理、参数设计和应用 。
as a source , we can find the clear humanism moulage from baixianyong's personal life experience , religious emotion and the influence over chinese and foreign literature legacy .	作为一个来源 , 我们可以找到从巴基安东个人生活经验、宗教情感、对中国和外文学遗产影响的清晰人文主义模式 。
radiographic examination in experimental group showed much callus than that in control group . after 4 weeks , gross observation showed large amount of new bone trabeculae in two groups .	实验组中放射图检查结果显示 , 两组中有4周之后 , 观察显示了大量新骨轨迹 。
" all the foul stuff from the latrines and all the rubbish thrown down the chute accumulate and compost , as in a septic tank , " wallacehadrill said .	沃尔斯哈德里尔说: " 所有的泡沫都从拉里尼斯和所有的橡胶扔下了切片积累和复合物 , 就像在塞拉克坦克那样 。 "
the 50 l novel bioreactor named as fus 50l was designed and the data acquisition system for both pilot and production scales was developed according to the proposed principle .	设计了50l小说生物反应堆名为fus50l , 根据该原理 , 研制了飞行和生产范围的数据采集系统 。
intake was calculated using the nutrition data system for research version 2007 , and consumption was monitored using diet diaries and by measuring the weights of the returned pistachios .	利用2007年版本的营养数据系统 , 利用饮食糖尿病检测了消费 , 并通过测量回收猪肉的重量 。
other universal banks have much lower shares , according to data from scorpio partnership , a consultancy , with private banking at hsbc making up only 6 percent of profit .	根据scorpio合作关系数据 , 其他普遍银行的股票比较低 , 因此 , hsbc的私人银行只有6%的利润 。
according to popsugar , we will get to see john mayer and jennifer aniston walk the red carpet together at the oscars this sunday , february 22nd .	据popsugar报道 , 我们将于今天2月22日在奥斯卡的奥斯卡斯一起走上约翰市长和詹尼弗·安妮弗·安斯坦 。
then the two corresponding communicational tendencies , highcontext and lowcontext communications , are put forward , which exert great influence on interpreting activity .	然后提出了两种相应的通信倾向、高上下文通信和低文通信 , 对解释活动产生了很大的影响 。
piano and cello are given equal roles in the sonata in a , a break with the 18thcentury format of a piano sonata accompanied by an instrumental obbligato .	钢琴和cello在sonata中均等于sonata的角色 , 18世纪的钢琴sonata格式与仪器的义巴格里奥相结合 。
brilliant , iconoclastic , and witty , he had won election in traditionally republican arizona and had succeeded as an activist , progressive governor .	布莱利亚特 , 伊斯坦和智慧 , 他在传统共和党的选举中赢得了选举 , 并成功成为一个活动主义、进步的州长 。
koller was impressed , thought it likely to be useful in eye operations and two months later tried it out , first on animals and then on his own eyes with complete success .	koller感到印象深刻 , 认为它可能在眼睛操作中有用 , 两个月后 , 首先在动物上 , 然后在自己的眼睛完全成功 。
the diagnostic value of p300 in diabetic encephalopathy was evaluated . methods erp were tested in 50 type 2 diabetic patients and 30 healthy control group .	评价了20型糖尿病患者血糖尿病患者血糖尿病患者的诊断价值 , 并对30例健康控制组进行检测 。
thus it threw shadows of these obscure and homely figures every evening with as much care over each contour as if it had been the profile of a court beauty on a palace wall ;	因此 , 每天晚上 , 每天晚上都有很多关心 , 就像在宫殿墙上的一个法庭美容一样 。
by analyzing the basic characteristics of nonvesseloperating carrier , the paper confers its identification and its limitation of liability for maritime claims and its lien on cargo and so on .	通过分析非开发载体的基本特点 , 阐述了其对海事责任性的认同及其限制以及海事责任的限制等 。
when i went with my second brother to ahmedabad , some enthusiastic friend of mine took me by surprise by printing and publishing it and sending me a copy .	当我和我第二个哥哥去阿哈姆·巴达 , 一些热情的朋友通过打印 , 发布它 , 发布了一份复制 , 让我感到惊讶 。
when an enterprise submits an enterprise income tax return , the financial statements and other related materials shall be attached in accordance with the related provisions .	当一家企业提交企业收入税收回时 , 金融报告和其他相关资料应依照相关规定进行附加 。
these indicate that hd is closely related to cmv infection . cmv infection may be an important teratological factor of some congenital malformations including hd .	这些结果表明 , hd与cmv感染密切相关 , cmv感染可能是某些先天性畸形的重要地位因素 。
several studies have shown that low and middle level executives show many stress symptoms , like ulcers , high blood pressure , tension , burnout and so on .	几项研究表明 , 低和中级执行官显示了许多应激症状 , 如溃疡、高血压、紧张、紧张、呼吸等 。
california natural chicken & brown rice dry cat and kitten food is made with only five pure & simple ingredients to meet the needs of your special cat .	加利福尼亚自然鸡肉和棕米干牛肉和厨房的食物只有五个纯洁的成分 , 以满足特殊猫的需求 。
this piece nominated the award of berlin jin xiong 1999 , but defeated the red of " of american excellent movie with powerful actual strength finally cautionary " .	本片提名了柏林金正1999年的奖项 , 但他打败了 " 美国优秀电影 " 的红色 , 最后一次强大的实际力量 。
preliminary computations indicate that the model demonstrate rather higher skill of predictions , it shows perspective of realizable approach to forecast shortterm regional climate .	初步计算表明 , 模型的预测能力比较高 , 实现了一种可实现的方法 , 预测短期区域气候 。
the antiwar groundswell brought out thousands of counter demonstrators , including 2 , 000 who gathered outside the state capitol in mississippi .	反war地壳带来了数千个反对示威者 , 包括2 , 000人在密西西西西西西西比州外聚集的国务院 。
the shandong provincial quality control and inspecting center for bearings is located in the factory taking up the task of quality inspecting and arbitrament of the province's bearing products .	山东省质量控制和检测中心位于承载工厂中心 , 以质量检测和承载产品质量的任务 。
the full text of the treaty to be enshrined in the egyptian hieroglyphs temple of karnak at thebes and the temple of ramses the wall .	全文在埃及的高层高层高层寺中被加入到了全面的条约 , 以及拉姆斯的寺庙 。
according to the design of spillway dam on arch dam in wanjiagou reservoir , this paper elaborates special problems and solving method of spillway dam in design and construction .	根据wanjiagou水库拱坝的设计 , 阐述了隧道坝的特殊问题和解决方法 , 阐述了隧道坝的设计和建设方法 。
credible dynamic parameters of dam materials obtained from indoor tests are the key to the accuracy of dynamical analysis for earthrock dam .	由室内试验得到的大坝材料的可信动力学参数是地震坝动力学分析的关键 。
still , i haven't yet had enough experience to determine if the android market is an adequate substitute for the apple app store , or to explore many of the features and apps .	然而 , 我还没有足够的经验 , 以确定安德罗id市场是否是苹果商店 , 还是开发许多特点和应用程序 。
the paper has studied into the hydraulic system of two cylinders synchronization and accurate orientation , then designed the synchronized system that could meet the requirement .	本文研究了两缸同步和准确定向量的液压系统 , 然后设计了同步系统的同步系统 , 满足了要求 。
the index's annualized growth rate remained unchanged at negative 23 . 9 percent , with the previous week's figure revised higher from negative 24 . 1 percent .	指数年度增长率仍然不变化在负面23.9%左右 , 前周的数字从负面24.1%下降到负面24.1% 。
applied to cotton , linen , silk , wool , cashmere , synthetic fiber , blended , underwear and infants , and other types of clothing and cleaning .	适用于棉、线、丝、毛、现金、合成纤维、混合、服装、婴儿等类型服装和清洗 。
finally , an organization framework of multiscale spatiotemporal data is proposed to facilitate the data access based on the characteristic of multispatialscale data .	最后 , 提出了一种基于多空间尺寸数据的多规模空间时空数据的组织框架 。
in order to search and solve the adsl line fault when the user accesses the net , we introduce one kind adsl fault detect i ng instrument in this thesis .	为了寻找并解决adsl线故障时 , 用户访问网时 , 我们介绍了一种adsl故障检测我在本论文中的ng仪器 。
after the equilibrium of fast exchange process is reached , the slow exchange process can be treated as pseudosingle exchange center system by means of the differential kinetic equation .	通过微分动力学方程的方法 , 达到了快速交换过程的平衡 , 可作为脉冲交换中心系统的缓慢交换过程 。
the topography is from digital elevation data collected by the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite .	地形图是由美国航天航天卫星上所收集的数字化数据收集的空间空间热排放和反射辐射器 。
the invention discloses a shutter type environmental wind guiding device of an air cooling island of a power plant , belonging to the technical field of energy power .	本发明公开了一种关闭型环境风引导装置 , 属于能源电力技术领域 。
hehui is a kind of temporary mutual aid of old times to circulate necessary funds . it was always organized among the kin's and neighborhood .	赫惠是一种临时互助的旧时代 , 可以循环必要基金 , 它总是组织在金属和邻居之间 。
objective:to investigate the surgical indications , operational methods and clinical applications of modified hysterectomy within the tunica vaginalis by using celioscope .	目的:探讨改性腹腔镜内修复的手术指标、手术方法及临床应用 。
under root's guidance , the renamed colt patent firearms manufacturing company hired talented mechanics and engineers who continued the innovations colt had begun .	在根据指导下 , 已名的煤炭专利制造公司雇佣了人才的机械和工程师 , 继续创新过程中继续开始 。
the 19ye arold is a regular for his country's under20 te am and was a key performer in liverpool's second string landing the le ague title last season .	这位19岁的阿尔德是他在20支球队的常规 , 是利物浦的第二个球队的重要演员 , 是利物浦上赛季的第二场比赛冠军 。
the tundra extends endlessly , all leached out colours , smudgy greens and browns , merging with the sky into a distant greyblue nothingness .	天花无尽的延伸 , 所有的叶子都离开了颜色 , 泥绿色和棕色 , 与天空融合 , 融合到一个遥远的灰色没有什么东西 。
the gymnasium complex is part of the massive sports facilities that were built by the chinese for the 2008 summer olympic games in beijing and surrounding areas .	2008年夏季奥运会在北京和周围地区建立的大型运动设施之一 , 体育复杂是中国大型运动设施之一 。
but mr . khan was vexed by the striking inequalities — the new hummers cruising by endless shantytowns — and the growing rumblings of tribal politics .	但是 , 韩先生被打击不平等的不平等性引起的是 , 新罕默斯通过无尽的山蒂镇推动 , 以及部落政治的增长 。
the u . n . 's food security analysis unit and a famine warning project known as fewsnet say the famine in southern somalia is growing worse .	美国的食品安全分析单位和著名的警告项目称 , 南索马里南部的粮食安全性较差 。
the focus on a reduced footprint implementation of eobject is also noteworthy , with some clients using it to achieve more than 60percent reduction in footprint .	关注eobject的脚印实现 , 同时也注意到 , 一些客户使用它实现60%的脚印减少 。
glaciers in the french alps have lost a quarter of their area in the past four decades , according to research by scientists at the university of savoie , the bbc said .	bbc说 , 在过去的四十年里 , 法国阿尔卑斯州立大学的科学家们在研究中丧失了四分之一的地区 。
knowing the basics of populations , sampling , and statistical significance will help you to understand what's possible , and to better understand and interpret what the results mean .	了解人口、采样、统计意义的基本原因 , 将帮助你理解什么可能 , 更好地理解和解释结果的意义 。
german crown prince . the son of emperor william ii , he commanded troops in the battle of verdun and renounced the crown at the close of world war i .	德国王子德国王子 , 皇帝威廉二世的儿子 , 他命令军队在佛丹战争中 , 重新宣布了世界大战的冠军 。
web page has to show a large number of realtime data in computeruser interface of a bridge health monitoring system based on b/s model , result in frequently updating pages .	网页必须在基于b/s模型的计算机用户界面显示大量实时数据 , 基于b/s模型的桥梁卫生监测系统的实时数据 。
the new site concrete exposed surfaces , timely with plastic and heat preservation material covered in ( hscmt condition maintenance , concrete shall not watering .	新网站混凝土的表面 , 随着塑料和保温材料覆盖 , ( hscmt条件维护 , 混凝土不能水 。
on 9/2/02 in our local paper , there was an article by tony pugh of the knightridder newspapers entitled " doctors closing the door to drug salespeople . "	在我国当地的报纸中 , 有一篇文章 , 由肯尼德里德的报纸引用了 " 医生关闭药品销售商 " 的玩具 。
our former striker mikael forssell reminded us what he can do inside the opening quarter of an hour , and bruce was delighted to have him back leading the birmingham line .	我们的前锋米卡尔·福塞尔提醒我们 , 他可以在开幕季度内做的事情 , 布鲁斯很高兴地把他带回了伯明翰线 。
the press takes use of advanced twoway cartridge valve system and imported electric pump technology which can realize double closed loop control of pressure and flow rate .	采用先进的二路载波阀系统和进口的电泵技术 , 实现双闭环控制压力和流速控制 。
design and configuration process about the control system of a mechanical arm are introduced based on mcgs configuration software and siemens s7 200 series programmable logic controller ;	介绍了基于mcggs配置软件和siemens7200系列可编程逻辑控制器的控制系统的设计和配置过程 。
insulin secretion from the beta cells in the part of the pancreas called the islets of langerhan is a complicated process , which if it fails to work properly induces diabetes .	胰岛素分泌的胰岛素分泌在胰岛素的部分中称为 " 龙山 " 是一个复杂的过程 , 如果不能正确地诱导糖尿病 。
grand buddha at ling shan the grand buddha at ling shan situated in the small ling shan area in the south of the maji mountain , wuxi , jiangsu province .	灵山大佛在灵山南部 , 孙子佛山位于灵山南部的小岭山区 , 武西 , 江苏省 。
that is why i select " citizenship education in american schools " as my research field . both the research methods of literature gathering and comparing have been adopted in the thesis .	这就是为什么我选择 " 美国民事教育 " 作为我研究领域的 " , 文学收集和比较的研究方法 。
on christmas day , the miami heat and dwyane wade will take on the cleveland cavaliers and lebron james in a matchup of two of the best young players in the league .	在圣诞节 , 米米米米米热和德维亚·瓦德将在克莱夫兰队员和莱布朗·詹姆斯在联赛中最佳两位年轻球员的比赛中获得比赛 。
this is why web designers , and their close cousins , banner , header and footer designers , can charge up to $50 for one good web page header , and more for a complete set .	这就是为什么web设计者 , 他们的密切的coins、banner、banner和ofter设计师 , 可以为一个好的网页头部负责50美元 , 而且更多的全部设置 。
the paper got across the study about isokinetic technique applying conditions and resolving problem , and provided reference which can made isokinetic technique apply in martial art .	文章通过对动力学技术的研究 , 提出了应用条件和解决问题的研究 , 并给出了用于武术中使用的动力学技术的参考 。
currently , the value of human capital in enterprises is mostly measured from accounting perspective , and the specialized in assessment of management humancapital is rare .	目前 , 企业人力资本的价值主要是从会计角度测量 , 而管理人力资本评估的专业化是很少的 。
the algorithm presented in this paper incorporates the trust region method into the restricted simplicial decomposition algorithm to solve the master problem of rsd .	本文提出了一种方法 , 将信任区域方法与限制的简单分解算法 , 解决了rsd的主题问题 。
portsmouth are the cook islands , or whatever pacific islands are most threatened by global warming . they are sinking fast , soon to disappear without trace .	波斯茅斯是烹饪岛屿 , 或者太平洋岛屿最受全球变暖威胁 , 它们很快被全球变暖所威胁 。
shenzhen yirui electronic technology co . , ltd . is a professional led manufacturer in r&d , production , sales and services which founded in 2006 .	深圳电子技术有限公司是一家专业led制造商 , 生产、销售、销售和服务于2006年成立 。
rio ferdinand will miss middlesbrough's visit to old trafford on monday after suffering a back spasm in the warmup at the britannia stadium .	里奥·费迪南德将在布里塔尼亚球场遭遇了一场战争后 , 米德尔德将错过中场的访问 。
van gogh painted 'patch of grass' in 1887 in paris and it hangs in the krollermuller museum in the dutch eastern city of otterlo .	范戈赫在1887年在巴黎画了 " 草地 " , 并在土耳其东部的荷兰东部城市的克罗尔默尔博物馆上挂在一起 。
the goal of this study was to determine the acute effects of decaffeinated coffee , chlorogenic acid , and trigonelline on glucose tolerance in 15 overweight men .	本研究的目标是确定减肥咖啡、染色素酸和三角素对15个超重男性葡萄糖耐受性的急性影响 。
from a practical viewpoint , consumers value poultry welfare , so better market access may be obtained by producers who ensure good welfare in their flocks .	从实际角度来看 , 消费者价值福利 , 因此 , 市场访问可能由于生产者保证良好的福利在他们的流动中获得更好的市场访问 。
mr . greenspan maintains that the development of china and other factors fostered low rates around the globe and not just in the u . s . contributing to a housing boom that was worldwide .	格林斯潘先生保持着中国和其他因素在全球范围内的发展 , 不仅是在美国的房地产增长到全球范围内 。
based on an analysis of industrial cluster this paper defines the industrial cluster a new kind of organization mode of spatial economy that is different from market and hierarchy system .	基于工业集群的分析 , 定义了工业集群产业集群的一种新型空间经济体系 , 不同于市场和层次体系 。
now folds the lily all her sweetness up , and slips into the bosom of the lake: so fold thyself , my dearest , thou , and slip into my bosom and be lost in me .	现在 , 把她所有的甜蜜都放在湖里 , 滑到了那里 , 所以我最亲爱的、最亲爱的、你 , 你和我在我身上 , 就失去了 。
thus mr specter’s move will both increase mr obama’s chances of getting his domestic agenda through congress and boost his ability to put liberals in the courts .	因此 , 查尔先生的运动都会增加奥巴马先生的机会 , 通过国会 , 提高他在法庭中放弃自由主义的能力 。
this year xinran arranged for me to meet a maker of paper lanterns who had the same thing happen to him during a more recent clearance round nanjing’s confucius temple .	今年新兰为我遇见一家纸灯制造商 , 同样的事情发生在最近一轮南京的孔子庙里 。
those beautiful promises , those sweet smiles on the photos , which are as warm as the sunshine , in turn slowly freeze the curve in the middle of my right hand .	这些美丽的承诺 , 这些美丽的笑容在照片上 , 就像阳光一样温暖 , 慢慢慢慢地冻结了我的右手中间的曲线 。
priority reverse is a kind of phenomenon that the higher priority task is blocked by the lower priority task since they are using the same share sources in real time system .	优先的反向是一种现象 , 由于它们在实时系统中使用相同的股票源 , 更高的优先任务被阻止 。
by the model , the contour error vectors were computed with tool position points from the interpolator of computer numerical control and position tracking errors of servo systems .	通过模型 , 利用计算机数值控制和位置跟踪误差误差误差 , 计算出了用工具位置点 。
it realized rational general layout in narrow area by making use of abandoned excavated materials and overall construction site allocation in longtan hydropower station .	通过利用废弃开挖材料和整体建筑网站 , 实现了狭窄地区的理性总体布局 。
strengthen the practice teaching , pay attention to the thought and the capacity of innovation of the students culturing , and it gets manifest achievement .	加强实践教学 , 注重学生培养的思想和创新能力 , 使学生培养得到了显著成就 。
these temperature shifts are heavily influenced by entirely natural ocean cycle fluctuations that affect heat transfer patterns from the tropics .	这些温度变化对热带热带传热模式的影响较大 。
wang fuzhi's interpretation undoubtedly degraded zhuang zi's xiaoyao from the realm of heaven and earth to confucian humanity concernment .	王福志的解释毫无疑问地从天地和地球到儒家人文关注的小雅出发 , 张子的解释 。
these greater concentrations have the unfortunate side effect of making blue tiberium highly volatile and explosive , making harvesting the crystals extremely dangerous .	这些更大的浓度有不幸的侧面效应 , 使蓝钛高挥发性 , 爆炸性 , 使晶体收获极其危险 。
the company handles image processing for other wedding photographers and also teaches them to use lightroom 2 efficiently so they can save time and money processing smaller jobs themselves .	公司处理图像处理其他婚礼摄影师 , 同时也教他们使用光室2 , 所以他们可以节省时间和资金加工更小的工作 。
the prescription of the tissue culture of petunie hybrida and the dna level of phenotypic variation seed lings produced by tissue were discussed .	讨论了聚合物混合物的组织培养及其dna水平 , 通过组织产生的现象变化条件下的dna水平 。
its university , founded in 575 , was a noted center for the study of theology , science , and medicine in the 7th and 8th centuries . population , 04 , 2' .	它的大学成立于575年 , 是研究理论、科学和医学的研究中心 。 人口04 , 04 , 2' 。
a phase i clinical trial has shown that miv210 administered to healthy volunteers has a very good oral bioavailability and achieves high blood plasma levels .	临床试验表明 , 微波210对健康志愿者有很好的口服生物可用性 , 实现高血浆水平 。
the correlation of ratooning rate to the yield relating characters of main crop and ratoon crop in rice was studied with 30 different types of rice varieties and hybrids .	采用30种不同类型的稻种和混合物种 , 研究了大稻主要作物产量与ratoon作物的相关性 。
local codimension two bifurcation of maps , associated with hopfpitchfork case , is analyzed using the center manifold theorem and normal form method of maps .	利用中心显示理论和正常形式的方法 , 分析了地图的局部编码两个分布 , 以及地图的正常形式 。
bank staff involved in indonesia’s tsunami recovery say governmentled plan , communitybased reconstruction are critical in natural disaster response .	银行员工涉及印尼西亚的海啸恢复说 , 政府的计划 , 社区的重建是自然灾难反应的关键 。
“he was my only son , ” said ma xiangqian’s father , ma zishan , a struggling farmer of landscape plants and trees grown for use in the bustling cities .	" 他是我唯一的儿子 , " 中国的父亲马西安说 , 一个挣扎的景观植物和树木在城市中使用 。
use the index or primary key field to select the key columns that the q apply program uses to identify replicated rows and correctly order transactions .	使用指标或主要键字段来选择q应用程序的关键列 , 使用q应用程序使用来识别重复行和正确的命令事务 。
but the great souls having taken refuge of the divine nature , o arjuna , render devotional service unto me with undeviated mind knowing me as the imperishable origin of all creation .	然而 , 伟大的灵魂已经拒绝了神圣的自然 , 奥兰 , 渲染的服务 , 向我带来了解我 , 知道我是一切创造的原因 。
late at night , the international atomic energy agency announced that japan had added a third plant to the list because radiation had been detected outside its walls .	晚些时候 , 国际原子能机构宣布日本已加入第三个植物 , 因为辐射在墙外发现了辐射 。
he proposed " the situation " is not only thinking of the late ming zun situation of an important stage in development , but also of his literary activities of the theoretical basis .	他提出了 " 现状 " 的思考 , 不仅是在发展中晚期的明宗形势 , 也是他的理论基础的文学活动 。
yanov chomsky pointed out that the diversification of gas supply also increased , which will enable the implementation of natural gas exports have become more flexible .	yanovchomsky指出 , 气体供应的多样化也增加 , 使天然气出口的实现变得更加灵活 。
although the traditional is easy for installation and operation , but because of the limited capacity , it can not satisfy the requirement of large scale foam project .	虽然传统很容易安装和操作 , 但由于有限能力 , 但不能满足大规模泡沫项目的要求 。
instead of letting his star player force a move , ferguson reminded rooney who was boss a lesson learned long ago by cantona , roy keane and david beckham .	弗格森提醒罗尼老板在加拿大、罗尼、罗伊和大卫贝克汉姆教授学习了一个教训 。
as for john f . and robert f . kennedy — the story ends in 1969 , and teddy is nowhere to be seen — the kennedys presents them as men of deep integrity .	正如约翰·福和罗伯特·肯尼迪在1969年结束的故事 , 泰迪现在看到了 , 肯尼迪将他们作为深刻的完整性 。
jesus offered himself as a sacrificial being before heaven for the sake of the one will , without pursuing his own happiness but for the benefit of humankind on the earth .	耶稣在天堂之前 , 耶稣为自己提供了一个牺牲 , 没有追求自己的幸福 , 但对地球上人类的好处 。
then , can social responsibility help increase customers'satisfaction ? if so , what is the mechanism and how important is it ? this research is to answer these questions .	然后 , 社会责任可以帮助增加顾客的反应 ? 如果这样 , 那么 , 那么 , 机制是怎样的 , 这个研究是回答这些问题的重要问题 。
litchfield said that he warned oracle of the problem in november , hoping that the company would fix the flaw when it issued a group of quarterly security patches in january .	利切菲尔德说 , 今年1月 , 他警告了这个问题 , 希望该公司在1月发布了一组四分之一的安全模式时 , 将会修复这个错误 。
a bit . instead of a few hundred thousand , as he initially suggested , the gateses are going with 10% of their wealth . so . . . more like hundreds of millions .	几百万人相反 , 他最初建议 , 盖茨将有10%的财富 , 所以 , 比如数百万人 。
hugh hefner , the 84yearold " playboy " magazine founder , said he is considering marrying girlfriend crystal harris , aged 24 , the us media reported .	美国媒体报道 , 84岁的 " 玩家 " 杂志创始人hghhhhefner表示 , 他正在考虑结婚女朋友哈里斯 。
after constructing the model of motion of the target and the kinetic kill vehicle , constraints of interception were analyzed and the computing method of orbit transfer was also derived .	通过建立目标运动模型和动力杀死车辆的模型 , 分析了拦截的约束 , 并给出了轨道转移的计算方法 。
jinan is also famous for the spring city . the abundant groundwater of mount tai flows down the north , spews in the urban areas and forms numerous springs .	金南也著名于春城 , 大量的地下水流在北部 , 城市地区 , 形成了许多春天 。
twoeyes , however , made them welcome , and was kind to them , and took care of them , so that they both with all their hearts repented the evil that they had done their sister in their youth .	然而 , 两个眼睛 , 让他们欢迎 , 欢迎他们 , 很喜欢他们 , 所以他们两个心都会表示他们的姐妹们在青年中做过的邪恶 。
people believe that the number is useful when they are in danger,such as in the valley or in the mountain area . even through the signal is very bad , the police could know where you are .	人们相信 , 这些数字在危险的时候是有用的 , 就算在山谷或山区 , 甚至通过信号很坏 , 警察可以知道你在哪里 。
in day after day to repeat life , we use own small head fit many concept , significance , formula... but that is filled with pain and tears behind too much fun and laughter .	在一天之后 , 我们用自己的小头适合许多概念 , 意义 , 公式...但这是充满痛苦和泪水的背后 , 很有趣 , 笑 。
the point , buffett repeats in all his appearances in china , is that by quitting stanford and trying to make a go of it in music , he was doing the same thing his father did .	这个点 , 巴菲特重复在中国所有的出现中 , 是通过辞职斯坦福德 , 试图在音乐里做出同样的事情 , 他正在做同样的事情 。
the values may be different depending on the manufacturer of the wire and the ambient temperature , so we recommend you recalculate the values based on your particular requirements .	因此 , 我们建议基于您的特定要求 , 可以根据电线制造商和室内温度的不同 , 可以不同的价值 。
the smoke screen that may absorb and scatter infrared , heavily attenuates energy of guidance head , and then will reduce the probability of missile shooting .	吸收和散射红外的吸烟屏幕 , 重量重视引导头的能量 , 然后降低导弹射击的可能性 。
this paper is focus on small set character recognition . based on skeleton graphics , handwriting chinese character is defined as a set of isolated branch , isolated loop and component . relation...	针对小组字符识别 , 基于skeleton图形的基础上 , 定义了我国字符作为一组孤立的分支、分离的环境和组成部分 。
he is seen as an important figure who made great contribution to modern art , a pioneer on the path of painting practice , and a pilot due to his intelligent painting theory .	他被视为现代艺术的重要人物 , 为现代艺术作品 , 画实践的领导者 , 由于他的智能绘画理论而出现 。
wang yuquan , a chief consultant at frost and sullivan in beijing , told ap that the announcement is a subtle warning to skype not to grow too large .	北京佛罗斯特和苏利凡的首席顾问王元泉告诉ap说 , 宣布是一个潜在的警告 , 不会太大 。
instead , while hong kong is feeling the heat of competition from china , its economy is thriving having just experienced its fastest three years of growth since the late 1980s .	相反 , 香港正在感觉到中国的竞争热情 , 经济在1980年底以来最快经历了三年的增长 。
this paper discusses causation and preventing measure of settlement difference in high and low stride building , and points out characteristic and feasibility to use cincture constructing later .	本文讨论了高层和低层建筑中沉降差异的原因和预防措施 , 指出了利用后者的特点和可行性 。
'i don't see anything changing in the next two or three years , ' said john deal , a 50yearold individual investor who works in walnut creek , calif .	" 我不会看到下一个或三年的变化 , " 约翰说 , 一位50岁的个人投资者在沃尔丁·克里克工作的个人投资者约翰说 。
he is the greatest teacher i have ever seen . he is able , without visible effort , to make a lecture to students seem like an intimate , socratic dialogue .	他是我曾经见过过的最伟大的老师 , 他是能力的 , 没有可见的努力 , 让学生们看起来像是一个模拟的、社会对话 。
scream 4 offers little more than a group of familiar characters wandering around a horror movie setting and uttering selfreferential oneliners as the body count mounts .	scream4提供了超过一组熟悉的角色 , 在恐怖电影设置和自我参考者作为身体数量的自我参考者 。
another problem with the statement that the more televised governmental proceedings , the better , is that it assumes that people actually watch the proceedings when they are broadcast .	另外一个问题是 , 更多的电视政府面临的声明 , 更好的是 , 假设人们在广播时看到过程 。
until 24 february , when the us air force awarded the kcx contest to boeing , eads appeared to have a strong chance of parking its tanker on boeing's lawn .	直到24月24日 , 当美国空军颁奖了kcx竞赛的时候 , eads出现了强烈的机会 , 在波丁的法律上停车 。
some are masters of new or traditional media ; some are religious leaders , and a few are top officials of those governments that do have the ability to project their influence globally .	有些是新传统媒体的大师 , 有些是宗教领导人 , 一些是政府的最高官员 , 这些政府有能力 , 项目全球影响 。
the architects recommend careful use of express bus rapid transit—the cheapest public transportation option—and increased capacity for bicyclists and pedestrians .	建筑师建议使用表达总线快速运输 , 最便宜的公共交通选项 , 增加了自行车和行车员的能力 。
for example , an older system might store the term " dog " with a broader term of " mammal " and narrower terms of " dachshund " or " bulldog . "	例如 , 一个老年制度可能会存储 " 狗 " 的术语 , 更广泛的 " 哺乳 " 和 " 大腿 " 或 " 小狗 " 。
in ding zhuren eyes , wuxi ming is tall , handsome youth , talk funny , work carefully , to accept strong , quick thinking , practical work hard .	在丁贞眼中 , 吴明高 , 帅年轻 , 小心讲话 , 工作 , 接受强烈、快速思维、实践工作艰难 。
in addition , connection strings constructed at run time from unvalidated user input can lead to string injection attacks , jeopardizing security at the data source .	此外 , 连接字符串在无效用户输入中构建的运行时 , 可以导致字符串注射攻击、jeopard化数据源安全 。
as the debate continues , mr donkin needs to grapple with the fact that , particularly in america , ordinary people have seen their incomes stagnate since the 1970s .	随着辩论的继续 , 唐金先生需要把握事实 , 尤其是在美国 , 普通人从1970年代以来看到他们的收入稳定 。
i felt extremely welcomed into your friendly school community and am amazed by the dedication of all the studentsit is obviously a very successful school .	我感到非常欢迎您的友好学校社区 , 并且因学生的尊敬而感到惊讶 , 很明显是一个非常成功的学校 。
always , always pay yourself first from your wage , then pay your creditors . in that single act , you are telling the universe that you are worthy and deserving f more .	总是 , 总是从你的工资中付出自己 , 然后把信用人付出来 , 在那个单一的行动中 , 你告诉宇宙 , 值得和更多的价值 。
currently under construction , the mine is estimated to contain a staggering 40 million tons of copper and 46 million ounces of gold and should start operating in 2012 .	目前在建设中 , 矿井估计有4000万吨铜和4600万盎司的金牌 , 应该在2012年开始运作 。
as a result , de rothschild originally set his launch date for 28 april exactly 62 years to the day when heyerdahl set out on his epic journey across the pacific .	因此 , 罗瑟斯德·儿童最初在太平洋上设立了28年4月28日的启动日期 。
experiment proved that phagocytic percentage and phagocytic index of celiac macrophage could be increased , transformation of lymphocyte could be increased by xin an grain .	实验证明 , 采用新型谷物 , 可提高胆囊性指标和胆囊性指标 , 淋巴细胞的变化 , 可提高淋巴细胞的变化 。
he also noted that when looking for solutions to the problems , equal consideration should be given to denuclearizing the korean peninsula and addressing the security concerns of the dprk .	他还注意到 , 当寻找解决方案的时候 , 应该给予核化朝鲜半岛 , 并对dprk的安全关注 。
methods:221 patients with depression and 178 normal controls were measured with the family dynamics questionnaire and family environment scalechinese version . results: 1 .	方法:采用家庭动态问卷和家庭环境规模版本测定221例正常对照组和178例正常对照组进行测量 。
the main business profit is an important index that department in charge , stockholder and user of the statements pay great attention to , its truthfulness is the main task of the auditing work .	主要业务利润是负责、股东和用户的重要指标 , 是审计工作的主要任务 , 是审计工作的主要任务 。
analysis and explorations are made to the rupture phenomena of te first cross member in sh6700 light bus floor . 3structure improvement plans are put forward on the basis .	针对ssh6700轻总线地板的破裂现象进行了分析和探讨 , 提出了在基础上提出了三种结构改进计划 。
the second part analyses the concept , background and current situation of watersaving green space , and makes sure the need and feasibility of watersaving green space development ;	第二部分分析了水源绿色空间的概念、背景和现状 , 确保水源绿色空间的需求和可行性 ;
by pursuing graduate studies , they can get the chance to be a member of civil servants or political department and get high salary as well as get a higher social status .	通过追求毕业生的研究 , 可以获得民事服务员或政治部门的机会 , 获得高薪水 , 获得更高的社会状况 。
an old well , abandoned wilderness , in the writer's eyes are beautiful , it nourished a few generations of the world lives and depleted the number of trickling effort ?	在作家的眼睛美丽的时候 , 一个古老的好处 , 在作家的眼睛里 , 还有几代世界生活 , 还有几代的生活 , 把努力解脱出来吗 ?
for example , a number of research studies found that social science majors had achieved greater managerial success than those who had technical training or preprofessional courses .	例如 , 许多研究发现 , 社会科学主要的成功已经达到了更大的管理成功 , 比那些有技术培训或前专业课程的成功 。
in 2004 , sh company is facing duple restrictions from the market and bank , which result in the problem of repayment of bank loan , difficulty in raising money and shortage of working capital .	2004年 , sh公司面临着从市场和银行的双重限制 , 导致银行贷款的问题 , 难以提高资金和工作资本缺陷 。
this paper introduces the solution of incomplete separation of waste alkali liquor in the cyclohexane oxidation unit applying coalescence separation through experiment and innovation .	通过实验和创新 , 介绍了在环己烷氧化单元中不完全分离的解决方案 。
the recreational corner of the bedroom , black cloth art ground lamp is tiein and coriaceous single person sofa and footrest , arranged the good place of individual have a rest .	卧室的娱乐角落 , 黑色衣服的地面灯光是薄薄的 , 单个人袜子和脚趾 , 把个人的好地方放到了休息地方 。
marion lynette snowden:hope you can build an international jci standard hospital with us , let all mothers and babies in china can get best medical care and on the same steps with the world .	玛丽妮特雪登:希望你可以建立一个国际jci标准医院 , 让所有的妈妈和宝宝都能获得最好的医疗保健和世界的同一步 。
liverpool are expected to overcome psv eindhoven after chalking up a 30 quarterfinal firstleg lead and that will provide chelsea with the opportunity to finally get even with the merseysiders .	利物浦预计在将近30个季度的前锋领导下克服了利物浦 , 这将提供切尔西和切尔西的机会 , 甚至最终与默西德的合作伙伴 。
the ship auction committee shall be composed of three or five persons , that is , execution officers appointed , as well as auctioneers and surveyors engaged by the maritime court .	船舶拍卖委员会由三个或五个人组成 , 这是 , 执行官任命 , 以及由海事法院的拍卖者和调查人员 。
yago loaned to bari after sergio bernardo almiron , another bianconero left turin to move to bari . it is young spanish player yago silva falque .	yago贷款到巴黎 , 塞尔吉奥伯纳多·贝尔蒙之后 , 另外一个biancono左转到巴黎 , 是年轻的西班牙球员yagosilva平等 。
the party's sixth plenary of sixteen session made a series of entire and specific arrangements for harmonious culture construction for current and future a period .	党的六十个会议的第六个会议 , 为目前和谐文化建设提供了一系列的和谐文化安排 。
to do this , use the find utility to locate and review all files you've accessed or changed during a certain time period today , yesterday , or at any date or segment of time in the past .	为了做到这一点 , 使用该发现实用性来定位和审查您在过去一段时间内访问或更改的文件 , 昨天 , 或者在过去任何日期或段时间的时间 。
based on the submarine soft rock supporting engineering in beizao mine of longkou mining corporation , the physical model tests of interaction of usteel support and roadway were carried out .	基于长途矿业北京矿区北极软岩支持工程 , 研究了用途支持与路面相互作用的物理模型试验 。
methods:cell growth and differentiation were analysed by trypan blue dye exclusion test , 7690 xu fluorescein staining and transmission electric microscopy .	方法:采用trypan蓝染色检测、7690u荧光素染色和传输电镜对细胞生长和分化进行了分析 。
objective to inquire into the adsorptivity of hcv rna by the inner surface of machinecollected plasma bags and their tubes which were produced , using pvc as main raw material .	目的探讨hcvrna的吸附性能 , 采用pvc作为主要原料 , 探讨hcvrna内表面的吸附性 。
the solidification model of twinroller strip casting is established . the solidification process of strip casting is mathematically simulated by using the finite element software .	利用有限元软件 , 建立了双辊带铸件的固化模型 , 利用有限元软件模拟了带铸件的固化过程 。
the intellectual property rights for all prizewinning works will belong to the mcu r&d division . works will be published in the special 22st mcu literary prize magazine .	所有奖励作品的知识产权将属于mcur&d部门 , 将出版于特殊22stmcu文学奖励杂志 。
for example , evaporation from water surface decreased , relative humidity near to the ground surface increased , sunshine hours reduced and wind speed decreased .	例如 , 水面的蒸发量随地表面的增加而降低 , 地面相对湿度的增加 , 阳光小时减少和风速减少 。
it is named after wilbur l . scoville , an american scientist who , in 1912 , developed a test to measure levels of capsaicin , the chemical that creates the heat in chilli .	在1912年 , 美国科学家wilburl.scoville被称为 " 美国科学家 " , 研制了一项测试 , 用于测量cpsaicin的化学水平 , 造成了基里的热量 。
when blood sugar rises to a certain degree , saturated central issue gastric disorder signal . if all the nutrients , to reduce weight a biscuit products .	当血糖升高到一定程度时 , 饱和的中央问题疾病信号 , 如果所有营养物 , 降低了一定程度 。
and here , through the mere excitement , i rapped heavily , with a cane which i held in my hand , upon that very portion of the brickwork behind which stood the corpse of the wife of my bosom .	在这里 , 通过这里 , 我很重兴奋 , 拿着一只蜡烛 , 我握在我的手里 , 就在那里 , 砖壁的一部分地方 , 站在我身后的妻子里 。
each one of a person’s ten fingers leaves a distinct impression , and the elasticity of skin makes it all but impossible to leave precisely the same fingerprint impression twice .	每个人都有十指指甲留下了一个不同的印象 , 皮肤弹性使其变得很不可能 , 但不可能准确地留下相同的指纹印象 。
xiong yumei , deputy director of beijing tourism administration , said , " the booking rate in all starrated hotels in beijing in july increased one percent from may . "	中国北京旅游管理局副总监香梅说: " 今年7月在北京各地火山酒店的书籍收益率增加了5月的一% 。 "
colombia's carbon emissions are relatively low because of plentiful river systems feed enough hydropower generators to supply some 70% of electricity needs . 10 .	哥伦比亚的碳排放量相对较低 , 因为大量的河流系统足够的水电发电机发电机发电机发电机提供了70%的电力需求 。
d latch and d flipflop circuits using floatinggate mos are designed . in order to introduce the application of d flipflop , we design the register and counter by d flipflops .	设计了采用浮动mos的d开发和dflip流量电路 , 为了介绍dflip流量的应用 , 设计了dflip流量的注册和对策 。
fed by the 100plus inches of rain per year that fall in olympic national park , evergreen trees rise above the fog that fills this olympic mountain's valley .	由于每年的100英寸的雨量每年下降 , 奥运会的国家公园里 , 永远是绿树上上面填满了这个奥运山谷 。
the superantigen fusion protein cell factor is actually a substitute for the antigen in the prior art , has a targeting function and is a new prospective medicament different from the antigen .	超原子融合蛋白质细胞因子实际上是抗原的替代 , 具有目标功能 , 是抗原的新的前瞻性介质 。
project management is a carefully planned and organized effort to accomplish a specific onetime effort , for example , construct a building or implement a new computer system .	例如 , 项目管理是一个精心计划和组织的努力 , 完成一个特定的一次努力 , 构建一个建立或实现一个新的计算机系统 。
the geological cause of the mixed layer and its distributing characters are defined by spore pollen analysis , scanning electron microscope and c14 isotope test in this paper .	采用spollen分析、扫描电子显微镜和c14异位测试 , 定义了混合层的地质原因及其分布特性 。
the modern people want to understand correctly three big nutrients , these three big nutrient everybody attention , first controls animalism , along with age increase , decreases progressively .	现代人士希望正确理解三大营养物 , 这些三大营养物都注意 , 首先控制动物 , 随着年龄的增加 , 随着年龄的增加而降低 。
dedication to make friends , and friends , the heart of india , the situation tied up , helping hands , sincere cooperation , mutual benefit and create a better tomorrow !	为了让朋友 , 和朋友 , 印度的心 , 情绪累起来 , 帮助手 , 诚挚的合作 , 互利 , 明天创造了更好的明天 !
china has enlisted pakistani cooperation in quashing potential muslim insurgencies in its farwestern province of xinjiang , bordering pakistan and afghanistan .	中国已经在新疆、巴基斯坦、巴基斯坦和阿富汗边境巴基斯坦和阿富汗地区的潜在穆斯林保险部门加入了巴基斯坦合作 。
soft start valves are used to throttle the gas flow in roughing lines . they prevent turbulences in piping and containers , particulate contamination in vacuum installations .	软启动阀用来使气体流在粗糙线中流动 , 防止气体在管道和容器中流动 , 在真空安装中进行污染 。
food intolerance can also be used to describe a much less welldefined collection of symptoms that some people suffer from on consuming certain foods for which no clear basis is known .	食品容忍也可以用来描述一个较小的适应性收集症状 , 一些人在消费某些食品中受到某些食物的影响 , 所以没有明确的基础 。
the boiling point rise of dilute solution in physical chemistry seems to contradict with vapor distillation in experiment of organic chemistry . actually , they are of different principles .	实际上 , 物理化学物理化学的沸腾点上升似乎与蒸汽蒸馏在有机化学实验中与有机化学物理化学中有着不同的原则 。
the deck erection gantry is a specialized equipment for erection of suspension bridge deck segments , it has mainly two forms of winch type and hydraulic lifting type .	锁定断板是悬浮桥段的一项专业设备 , 主要有两种形式的赢得型和液压升降型 。
on july 21 , 2005 , premier wen jiabao of the state council met in the great of the people with guyana's prime minister samuel hinds who is paying a working visit to china .	2005年7月21日 , 国务院总理温家宝总理在贵雅亚首相萨米尔后任在访问中国的工作 。
chapter iii should be natural and the reality of conflict , analyzed and discussed the people's jury selection , training , legal empowerment and supervision of several elements .	第二章应当是自然和冲突现实 , 分析和探讨人民陪审选、培训、法律实施和几个元素监督 。
on the basis of this , the paper divides the whole chapter into nine sections , with each section divided into three parts of " original text " , " textual research " , and " interpretations " .	本文在本文的基础上 , 分为九部分 , 分为 " 原文 " 、 " 文本研究 " 、 " 解释 " 三部分 。
secondly , the scheme scanning exterior environment and the scheme evaluating quantitatively exterior environment of institutes' transformation with efe matrix method are discussed ;	第二 , 讨论了用efe矩阵法对外部环境进行定量评价 , 提出了一种扫描外部环境的方案 。
jobs become scarcer and the wallace children begin to realize that their father is a violent monster who daily terrorizes their mother and refuses to feed his children .	工作变得更聪明 , 沃尔兰的孩子们开始意识到他们的父亲是一个暴力怪物 , 他们每天恐怖他们的母亲 , 拒绝喂他的孩子 。
the second chapter is a detailed explication on the techniques in image creation , effects of special language structures , and formalism in textual arrangement in classical chinese poetry .	第二章详细阐述了图像创作、特殊语言结构的影响 , 以及中国古典诗歌文本安排的正式主义 。
thirdly , based on theoretical hypotheses of collective identity , the paper classifies the theories of european identity into two perspectives: primordialism and constructivism .	第三 , 根据集体身份的理论假设 , 分类了欧洲身份的理论 , 分为两个方面:道德主义和建设主义 。
the influential factors of noise for dimethyl ether engine are studied and analyzed through experiments by using method of combustion noise and effective solutions for noise reduction are found out .	利用燃烧噪声法和有效解决方法 , 研究了二甲醚发动机噪声的影响因素 , 并通过燃烧噪声噪声和噪声降噪方法 , 研究了噪声发动机的影响因素 。
skyrocketing food prices have increased attention to the larger challenge of overcoming hunger and malnutrition , the “forgotten” u . n . millennium development goal .	天空攻击食品价格已经增加了对超越饥饿和哺乳营养的更大挑战 , " 忘记 " 美国千年发展目标的重视 。
he had been stranded since saturday evening , when he and his 67yearold uncle got into trouble during a hunting expedition and the ice floe on which he was standing broke away .	自周六晚上以来 , 他和他的67岁的叔叔在狩猎过程中遇到了麻烦 , 冰浮在那里 。
many kinds of hormone are involved in the regulation of uterine action by autocrine or paracrine fashion , such as oxytocin , prostaglandins and endothelin et al .	许多激素是由自动分泌或帕克里恩的时尚规定的 , 例如氧化合物、前列腺和内皮素等 。
while pastis had depicted various crocodiles in the strip as early as february 2004 , these crocs were relatively competent and spoke normal english in a normal typeface .	虽然过去 , 2004年2月早些时候 , 这些词汇相对竞争力和正常的英语在正常的类型表面中说出了各种不同的鳄鱼 。
if you can't read the data when you have accessed it , the decryption keys are corrupted , or the server rejects it because the vendor is using its own encryption algorithm .	如果你不能在访问它时读到数据 , 那么解密钥被腐败 , 或者服务器拒绝它 , 因为供应商使用自己的加密算法 。
he it is who weaves the web of this in evanescent hues of gold and silver , blue and green , and lets peep out through the folds his feet , at whose touch i forget myself .	他是谁穿着金色和银色、蓝色和绿色的网络 , 让他穿过他的脚子 , 感觉自己忘记自己 。
relying on its favorable conditions of humane resources for tourism , shanxi province is now famous for its compound culture while keen competition among its compounds begins .	山西省人力资源的优越条件 , 目前尚西省著名于其复合文化 , 同时在其化合物的竞争开始 。
adults are usually absent in blyton's books , allowing children to be powerful: travelling and cooking for themselves , visiting magic lands or solving mysteries .	成年人通常在布莱顿的书中 , 允许孩子们有强大的力量:旅行和烹饪 , 为自己、游览魔术地 , 或解决神秘 。
a crucial issue for the popularization of high viscous polymer devolatilization process is to develop high efficiency mass transfer apparatus with improved surface renewal rate .	高粘聚合物衍生过程的流行化问题是开发高效质量传输装置 , 提高表面再生率 。
this group teaching program had a positive effect on heart attack patients not only for improving knowledge but lowering the degree of uncertainty and depression throughout the disease course .	本组教学计划对心脏攻击患者不仅有积极的影响 , 而且在所有疾病过程中不确定性和抑郁程度下降 。
results the recovery and total effective rates were 93 . 3% and 62 . 2% for group of hypertonic saline , and significantly higher than those of ns plus oral prednisone group .	结果总有效率为93.3%和62.2% , 高压盐的恢复率和总有效率 , 比ns增加口服预氮组的显著高于93.3% 。
the game of bingo is an ongong american custom that is encouraged by civic groups , and is condoned by the church as well , in exchange for the needed income the game provides .	英国的游戏是一个由民间团体鼓励的美国风俗 , 同时也被教会所承担 , 为了交流所提供的需要的收入提供了 。
box 12: gross weight in kilos should be shown here . other units of measurement e . g . volume or number of items which would indicate exact quantities may be used when customary .	框12:kilos的重量应该显示 , 其他单元测量e.g.体积或数量的物品 , 表示定制的数量可能是使用的 。
crossing over the highway , away from the shenzhen international airport , the port only a dozen kilometers away from guangzhou new baiyun international airport , one hour full speed .	走过高速公路 , 离开深圳国际机场 , 港口仅从广州新湾云国际机场离开了几十公里 , 一小时全速 。
with the built of marketing economy system , the rapid development of national economy and enhancement of human living standards , medicine and healthcare industries have been developed rapidly .	随着市场经济体制的建立 , 全国经济的迅速发展 , 人类生活标准、医药和医疗保健工业已迅速发展 。
the second floor of the pavilion will be transparent . the pavilion will symbolize the imagination and creativity of hong kong people , said ng hon wing , director of the pavilion .	香港人民的第二层地板将是透明的 , 香港人民的想象和创造力将符合香港人民的想象和创造力 。
sarge explained why he picked me: “a player can have great skills , but his talent won’t mean much if he doesn’t apply himself and get the job done , ” he said .	他说 , 萨尔姆解释为什么他选择了我: " 球员能有很大的技能 , 但他的才能不会意味着他不会适用自己并获得工作 。 "
chapter 1 mainly introduces the current export situation of chinese textiles and apparel , especially the new problems arising from the soaring volumes and slumping export prices .	第一章主要介绍了我国纺织品的出口情况 , 尤其是从音量和减少出口价格的新问题 。
different specifications for heating glassware , but i guarantee the quality of drying , heating system and below the nozzle position , the inclination should be able to easily adjust .	加热玻璃的不同规格 , 但我保证干燥的质量 , 加热系统和喷嘴位置下的质量 , 应该很容易调整 。
such different sources as the native americans , rudolph steiner and our friends at findhorn have influenced our learning of the appropriate harmonic role in relation to the earth .	如此不同的来源是美国人、鲁德多夫·斯蒂纳和我们的朋友 , 影响了我们对地球的合适和谐角色的学习 。
the 23 existing couplets belonging to the mansion house best manifest zhang's wit and humor , his political ambition , attitude and his attachment to hometown and relatives .	现有的23对夫妇属于管理家最好的张智慧和幽默 , 他的政治雄心、态度和他的附属于家乡和亲戚 。
whereas turks tend to be warm and extrovert , your average georgian seems much more selfcontained and reserved – not entirely dissimilar to your average briton , really .	虽然土耳其倾向于温暖 , 外交 , 你的平均乔治亚似乎更自我包含和储备 , 而不完全相似于你的平均英国 , 真的很不相似 。
displaying its spectrum of shades in an attempt to attract the attention of the less vibrant brown spiders , the creature reveals hues of orange , yellow , green and blue .	显示其形状的光谱 , 试图吸引更少的振动棕色蜘蛛的注意力 , 这些生物揭示了橙色、黄色、绿色和蓝色的黄色 。
" i'm not going to go up against guillem if his best investigative report says there is a deal in place playertoclub i believe that , what i think is shameless is calderon , " said hunter .	亨特说: " 如果他最好的调查报告中 , 我不会反对杀手 , 如果他的最好的调查报告说 , 我相信 , 我认为这是无耻的 , 我认为是无耻的 。 "
they see their province as teeming with resources ? fish , forests , minerals and now oil ? that outsiders have profited from , sometimes unfairly , leaving only crumbs behind .	他们看到他们的省作为资源 , 鱼 , 森林 , 矿物 , 现在还有石油呢 ? 有时候 , 只剩下的货物 。
some schools have already started separating the sexes for some lessons and say it has eliminated the " peacock effect " of boys showing off and provided a more equal distribution of teacher time .	一些学校已经开始分离某些课程的性别 , 说它已经消除了 " 花生效应 " , 并提供了更等等的教师时间的分布 。
in retrospect , kafka was a noble attempt to adapt the complexity of kafka's work to the movies , and it hinted at soderbergh's genre experiments to come .	回顾中 , kafka是一位诺贝尔试图适应kafka对电影的复杂性 , 并且在soderbergh的广告实验中获得了很多复杂性 。
after world war i , henry ford and general motors' alfred sloan moved world manufacture from centuries of craft production led by european firms into the age of mass production .	世界大战之后 , 亨利福特和普通汽车的汽车在全球化的世界制造业从几世纪的欧洲企业进入大量生产的时代 。
professor popkin says american schools also need to improve their nutrition . for example , schools may have vending machellones that offer what many people would consider junk food .	比如 , 波普金教授说 , 美国学校还需要改善营养 。 比如 , 学校也可以提供给许多人会考虑垃圾食品 。
but wga west president patric verrone told the more than 3 , 000 writers in attendance saturday night that the strike would end only after they voted to approve the contract .	然而 , wga西方总统帕特里克·弗朗在星期六晚上告诉300多名作家 , 只有在投票结束之后才能批准合同 。
amoi is a wellknown domestic mobile phone manufacturing enterprise . because of a8 , a " will dancing " mobile phone , amoi earned much money in 2002 and 2003 .	amoi是一家著名的国内移动电话制造企业 , 由于a8 , " 将跳舞 " 移动电话 , 2002年和2003年获得了很多钱 。
while this may sound inefficient , remember that in most observer situations , each component has a small number of listeners , and insertions and removal are greatly outnumbered by traversals .	虽然这听起来很有效 , 记住在大多数观察器的情况下 , 每个组件都有一个小的听众 , 而且插入和删除很大程度上都是由横向的 。
the belief possesses three characteristics such as the abundant mazu temples , rich poems in praise of mazu and its close relation with the activities of fujian businessmen .	信念具有丰富的马祖寺、丰富的诗歌 , 与福建商人活动密切相关的三个特点 。
the website says: " this silicon small sex dolls is our unique design on market in 2016 , sex dolls with hot japanese pure girl , female real sex doll robot for man . "	网站说: " 这个硅小的性别娃是我们在2016年市场上独特的设计 , 性爱的日本纯洁女孩 , 女性真正的性恋机器人 。 "
jobs , pi: as time marched on , the moustache made a comeback rumours that he was going to ditch silicon valley for the san fernando valley proved unfounded .	乔布斯:当时3月3日 , 穆斯塔切就出现了一个回归的谣言 , 他将为圣弗南多山谷发掘硅谷的资金证明 。
he lost out but we reckon that , given he got to hang on for lots more films instead of wearing a turban and then getting done in by an 11 yearold , he's probably over it now .	他失去了 , 但我们回答了 , 给他带来了更多的电影 , 不过穿着城市 , 然后在11岁的时候 , 他也许会过去 。
more than 90% of employees in selfgoverning firms , and twothirds in the informedacquiescence category , agreed that " good ideas are readily adopted by my company " .	超过90%的自治公司员工 , 同意 " 良好的想法已经被我公司所采取的两分之二 。 "
article 102 after placing the subject matter in escrow , the obligor shall timely notify the obligee or his heir or guardian , except where the obligee cannot be located .	第十十二条主题物质在扫描之后 , 义务应当时通知对象或他的头发或卫生 , 除非对象不能定位 。
more earnings from s&p 500 companies and a steady stream of toptier economic indicators will give investors more evidence of the economy's health throughout the week .	s&p500家公司的收益越来越多 , 最高的经济指标者将在整个星期内投资更多的证据 。
the fractal parameters of pore structure are estimated based on the capillary pressure data before and after waterflooding to investigate the effect of waterflooding on variation of pore structure .	基于毛孔结构的分形参数 , 估计了孔隙结构的分形参数 , 并对孔隙结构变化的影响进行了研究 。
methods we observed effects of antiarrhythmic agents and synchronized cardioversion treatment of atrial fibrillation in 19 patients with preexcitation syndrome .	方法观察19例急性综合征综合征综合征综合征患者对19例心脏振荡的影响 。
conclusion both the nickel titanium patella fixation and the adjustable patella fracture reduce device have the satisfactory effect for treatment of patella fracture .	结论nickel钛板固定与可调节的patella骨折减少装置具有较好的疗效 。
established in 2006 , shenzhen siemax cables technology co . , ltd , is one of the leading suppliers for the " structured communications solutions " in china .	建立于2006年 , 深圳西马克电缆技术有限公司是我国 " 结构通信解决方案 " 的主要供应商之一 。
professionally producing transmission belt , oil seal , mould rubber parts , silicon hose , tensioner for passenger cars , light and heavy duty vehicles .	专业生产传输带 , 油封 , 橡胶零件 , 硅主机 , 紧张客车 , 轻和重型汽车 。
this private residence , located in the dongcheng district of beijing , is a traditional " siheyuan " type of residence where the courtyard is the center of the house .	这个私人住宅 , 位于北京东城区 , 是一个传统的 " 西河 " 住宅类型的传统住宅 。
the color male money of these dress composed , female money is bold and unrestrained , but the figure that having same heavy and complicated , artistic touch is dyeinthewood .	这些衣服的颜色男性金钱由女性金钱制成 , 不受限制 , 但有相同的重量和复杂的 , 艺术触摸是染色的 。
telecommunications technology co . , ltd . shenzhen peng is a research and development , production , sales and service into a professional led screen manufacturer of digital control information .	电信技术有限公司是一家研发、生产、销售、服务于数字控制信息的专业led屏幕制造商 。
depict the influence on the plant cellular , caused by the added high electrostatic field , by the bimolecular lipid membranes , and deduce the micro principles .	通过双分子脂肪膜 , 描述了植物细胞的影响 , 由于增加了高静电场引起的影响 , 导致了微量原理 。
it turns out that the knapsacks were brighter than the polo shirts . the thread color that looked good on the knapsacks was too dark to read on the shirts .	结果表明 , knapsacksack比polo衬衫更明亮 , 线程颜色看起来很好 , 在knapsacksack上读得太黑了 。
article 19 1 the adjusted net capital amount of futures commission merchants shall not be less than 6 percent of the total amount of customer margin account .	第九十一条未来委员会的净资本数量 , 应该不足总额为6%的客户边缘账户 。
by the determination of multistyle elastic silk of single or double layer , it shows that the elasticity of the prepared fabrics can all reach medium or low levels .	通过测定单层或双层的多层弹性丝的测定 , 表明 , 制备的织物的弹性能可以达到媒体或低水平 。
the mechanism , structure features of dynamic wave wet scrubber are briefly presented , and its applications in sulfuric acid and compound fertilizer productions are exemplified .	简要介绍了动态波浪湿润的机理、结构特点 , 提出了其在硫酸和复合肥料生产中的应用 。
but despite efforts to step up enforcement , including suspending production last month at a number of battery factories , the government's response remains faltering .	但是 , 尽管在上个月 , 尽管政府的反应仍然不断增加实施 , 包括上个月的悬浮生产 , 包括上个月的电池工厂 , 还有很多电池工厂的反应 。
on the basis of analysis , the qingdao port group's overall development strategy is developed . finally , a number of recommendations to enhance the competitiveness of the group are presented .	针对青岛港口集团整体发展战略的分析 , 提出了许多建议 , 提高群体竞争力的建议 。
in addition , on the aspect of the sziit supervisor's observation on class performance , the teaching contents are totally different , and the experimental classes' performances are more active .	此外 , 在sziit监督者对类表现的观察方面 , 教学内容完全不同 , 实验类的性能更活跃 。
ten days later , during the 36th week of gestation , word arrived that a baby had died during or shortly after birth and the parents had agreed to donate the infant's heart .	十天后 , 在第三十六个星期里 , 一个孩子在出生之后 , 父母同意捐赠婴儿的心脏 。
chief introduction of the company jingu eastro handicraft limited company is a professional enterprise specializing in the production of handicrafts with fully minor ethnic group features .	本公司的首席介绍 , 是一家专业的专业企业 , 是一家专业生产全少数少数民族群体的手工特点 。
there is no need to maintain session affinity at the plugin router level , as session affinities will be taken care of by the odrs when the requests are forwarded on to the application servers .	在插件路由器水平上 , 没有必保持会话有限元 , 因为会话有限元将由odrs向应用程序服务器提出的时候进行关心 。
following an investigation into the possibilities of materials including recycled glass , stucco and marble , the architects settled on stone as the best option .	随着一项调查 , 包括回收玻璃、ucco和石头的可能性 , 建筑师将石头设置为最佳选项 。
yu'ebao , china's most popular internet fund , is an investment service jointly offered by alipay , china's leading online payments provider , and tianhong asset management .	中国最受欢迎的互联网基金 , 是一家投资服务 , 中国在线支付提供商和天虹资产管理的投资服务 。
underwater gps positioning system includes four parts which are gps differential reference station , gps buoy subsystem , underwater pinger , shipbased data processing and control center .	水下gps定位系统包括四个部分是gps差分参考站、gps购买子系统、下水平、基于船舶数据处理和控制中心 。
" i think luxehomes' content is very comprehensive . i particularly like the stories with forwardlooking angles , " says louis ho , a director of centaline's stately homes .	" 我认为luxehomes的内容非常全面 , 我特别喜欢前瞻角度的故事 , " 路易·霍说 , " 中央国家的主任 。
results:during the procedure of combined liver and kidney harvesting , 1 right renal vein and 2 left renal arteries were injured , 3 renal perfusion were not satisfied .	结果:对结合肝脏和肾脏收获、1右肾静脉和2左肾动脉的手术进行损伤 , 其中3例肾灌注不满意 。
a source of electricity consisting of a number of alternating disks of two different metals separated by acidmoistened pads , forming primary cells connected in series .	一种由酸分离的两种不同金属分离的电力来源 , 形成了一系列相连的主要细胞 。
the letter to the hebrews , one letter of john , he rejects the shepherd of hermas , which is a book that we include in a groupings of writing we call the apostolic fathers .	约翰的一封信 , 约翰的一封信 , 他拒绝了赫马斯的牧师 , 这是一本书 , 我们包含在一组我们称为 " 阿波斯托政父亲 " 的书 。
in west germany , foreign minister hansdietrich genscher urged moscowto shut all nuclearpower plants similar to the one at chernobyl .	在德国西部 , 外交部长汉斯特里奇基因斯切托把摩斯科托关闭所有核能植物相似于樱桃的核电厂 。
various designs of single stage , double stage and multistage or their combination can be customized accordingly for deferent demands of sterilization , insulation and cooling .	根据单阶段、双阶段、多阶段、多阶段的设计 , 可根据稳定、绝缘和冷却的需求 , 定制各种设计 。
folders , for example , are a wellknown metaphor for file organization , and they have replaced “directories , ” which were used previously in commandline operating systems .	例如 , 文件组织的一个著名隐喻 , 他们已经取代了 " 指令行操作系统 " 的目录 。
phonetics , grammar , vocabulary , listening , speaking , reading and writing skills in this stage , to realize breakthrough , to lay the foundation , a habit .	语法 , 语法 , 词汇 , 听 , 讲话 , 阅读和写作技能在这个阶段 , 实现突破 , 以实现基础 , 实现习惯 , 一个习惯 。
the lack of legal foundation of defense counsel in procedure for review of death sentences leads to the obstacles on operation and guarantee of defense of the counsel .	国防部委员会缺乏法律基金会对死刑的审查 , 导致国防部门的操作和保障 。
the results of the experiment indicated that the training system for athletes of speed strength events and groups could lead to a remarkable adaptive change in cardiac shapes and functions .	实验结果表明 , 速度强度事件运动员的训练系统可以导致心脏形态和功能的自适应变化 。
to resolve the large time jitter error of middlelong range action in uwb fuse systems , a novel time system base on crystal frequency division has been proposed .	为了解决uwb混合系统中长范围行为的大时间jitter误差 , 提出了一种基于晶体频率分割的新型时间系统 。
big accounting firms are offering similar increases , according to j . patrick gorman , founder of ifind group , a new yorkbased cpa recruiting firm .	据纽约的cpapatrickgorman的创始人j.patrickgorman说 , 大会计公司正在提供类似的增加 。
in a study involving 2 , 604 residents of hisayama , japan , the researchers examined the association between serum cholesterol level and incidence of gastric cancer .	在一项研究中 , 研究人员考察了血清胆固醇水平与胃癌发生率之间血清胆固醇的关系 。
methods 37 cases who had taken relative exploring sign underwent cholangiography before choledochotomy , and the negative patients would not take choledochus exploration .	方法对37例患者进行相对探索的染色管镜检查 , 学校切除术前检查相对显著性 , 消极性患者不会采取oledochus检查 。
i have been fortunate to work with hitachi for over 25years starting with delivery of the transilift to hitachi port in 1984 and i am looking forward to the continuation of our relationship .	在1984年 , 我曾经幸福与hitachi工作过25年 , 开始与hitachi港交付 , 并且我期待我们的关系继续 。
tentatively , this study introduced simple and economical dynamic cone penetrometer and impact soil tester for facilitating the investigation of subgrade and upgrading its quality .	本研究介绍了一种简单、经济动态混凝土试验仪和影响土壤试验仪 , 促进地质量的调查 , 提高其质量 。
aim using the variance matrix of estimated error , positional accuracy can be compared with different mixing together data , it has put forward a kind of basis for system location to select data .	目的利用估计误差的变量矩阵 , 可以比较不同混合数据的位置精度 , 提出了一种基于系统位置的方法 。
lccs have benefited from increasing price sensitivity of consumers and business travellers and lower oil prices that have flowed from the global economic malaise .	lccs已经从全球经济巨额流动的消费者和商业旅行者的价格上获益 , 从而增加了消费者的价格敏感性和更低的石油价格 。
these groups are especially vulnerable because they often experience extended survival during which neurocognitive complications of therapy may cause more impairment than the tumor itself .	这些群体尤其是脆弱 , 因为他们经常经历了在治疗神经认知并发症期间的生存 , 可能会导致肿瘤本身更多的损害 。
the simulation experiment shows that the parallel processing method obtains sub linear speedup , and the requirement for real time identification of internal model online is basically satisfied .	仿真实验表明 , 基本满足了内部模型的实时识别要求 , 得到了子线速度的并行处理方法 , 得到了实时识别 。
the measles initiative is a collaborative effort of who , unicef , the american red cross , the united states centers for disease control and prevention , and the united nations foundation .	这个措施是谁、联合国、联合国、美国红十字、美国疾病控制和防治中心的合作努力 , 以及美国基金会 。
the paper focuses on the emerging social historical grounds of new realism novels and discusses how the writers direct the contemporary literature development and cognitive strategies .	本文着重探讨了新现实主义小说的社会历史背景 , 探讨了当代文学发展和认知策略的发展 。
thirdly , it exposes the corruption of fedual government , which derives from niu xiu " s advanced political thoughts and rough official career . "	第三 , 阐述了美联储政府的腐败 , 来自niu " 先进政治思想和官方职业的腐败 。
companies and enterprises should also pay attention to the mental health of employees and help them relieve pressure through lectures and psychological counseling , wu suggested .	吴建议 , 公司和企业也应注重员工心理健康 , 帮助他们通过讲座和心理咨询来减轻压力 。
through the analysis on phenomenon of big tree into city and the status quo of scenic forest in city , the necessity and urgency of scenic forest protection were expounded .	通过对大树现象的分析 , 阐述了城市景观森林的必要性和必要性 , 阐述了景观森林保护的必要性和必要性 。
adhesive , disintegrating agent and enteric garment to put on weight , with the release of reduced glutathione degree as the optimum prescription of entericcoated .	粘合剂 , 消毒剂和进口服装 , 随着降低葡萄糖离子程度的释放 , 降低了葡萄糖离子的释放 。
the attitude of magnetic foliation , which clearly suggests the emplacement of the magma in different tectonic units , is consistent with rock shapes and distribution of rock units .	磁性浮动的态度明显表明 , 不同构造单元的磁性浮动 , 与岩石单元的岩石形状和分布相一致 。
actually dao yin didn't also want to good want to sell , he just wanted to see if they can make any repercussions , dao yin renhui won't inherit his judge the proposal .	实际上 , 戴永也不想卖好 , 他只是想看看他们是否能做出任何修复 , 戴永仁惠不会继承他的建议 。
spoon into the prepared muffin tin , filling each cup twothirds full . bake in the preheated 190c/375f oven for 2025 minutes , or until golden brown .	分开进入制备的muffin锡 , 填充每个杯三分之二的全球 。 篮子在2025年以前加热2025分钟 , 或者直到金棕色 。
besides , great importance was attached to the building of teaching and learning atmosphere . ten regulations made by the founder zhiyi ensured good teaching atmosphere .	除此之外 , 由创始人zhiyyyi确保了良好的教学氛围所做的十项重要性 。
this article discusses a serious of problems exposed during the actual operation and application of the internal heat coke oven , analyses the reason and puts forward improvement schemes .	本文讨论了在内热炉实际运行和应用中存在的问题 , 分析了内热炉的原因 , 提出了改进方案 。
objective to investigate the relationship between gliosis , synaptic reorganization and the mechanism of chronic temporal lobe epilepsy induced by kainic acid .	目的探讨糖尿病、糖尿病、糖尿病综合组织与慢性颞叶癫痫的关系及其机制 。
to some extent , it is more practical to explain the process of determination by using signal detection theory than holding the ideal hypothesis of regarding the judge as reasonable .	对于某些程度来说 , 利用信号检测理论对法官的理想假设是更实用的 。
it is pointed out that , in the case of having radial flexible mechanism , the wear between anti rotation mechanism and scroll wrap exhibits synchronism and self compensation .	指出 , 在有径向弹性机制的情况下 , 抗旋转机制与螺旋拉伸展现同步与自补偿之间的磨损 。
numerical analysis illustrates that the improved genetic algorithm designing is successful in solving highdimension , multiconstrains , and nonlinear uc problem .	数值分析表明 , 改进的遗传算法在解决高维、多元应变、非线性核问题中 , 改进了基因算法 。
the bank manager and other relevant bank personnels should be charged of breach of duty for causing the loss of 17 , 000 yuans . so why aren't they charged ?	银行经理和其他相关银行人员应该负责呼吸责任 , 导致17 , 000元的损失 , 所以他们为什么不负责呢 ?
as a signal molecule , h2o2 derived from polyamine oxidation mediates cell death , the hypersensitive response and the expression of defence genes .	作为一种信号分子 , h2o2从聚氨胺氧化中导出的h2o2 , 是高敏反应和防御基因的表达式 。
the offshore oil industry is built with high risks and investment intensified . improper use of operating fluids during development stage may cause reservoir damages .	通过高风险和投资强化 , 建立离岸油产业 , 开发阶段运行流体的不良使用可能导致储层损害 。
the united states , he argues , needs to partner with iran and turkey to create a " powerful triangle " whose activities would promote a culture of democracy and combat extremism .	美国 , 他认为 , 需要与伊朗和土耳其合作伙伴 , 创造一个 " 强大的三角 " 的活动将促进民主和战争极端主义的文化 。
this was hard to swallow for tunisians proud of the once exemplary educational system nurtured by their first president , habib bourguiba , whom ben ali ousted in 1987 .	1987年 , 海比布布鲁吉巴首席教育体系教育体系教育体系教育体系的突尼斯人很难摆脱 。
this is not to inhibit full and free expression: this is not to lose spontaneity ; authenticity , and the important sincerity we communicate simultaneously .	这并不能抑制全自由表达:这并不会失去自我性 ; 认证性 , 以及我们同时通信的重要诚信性 。
she goes on , " we're electrical engineers , and we really needed more help from ocean engineers , but to get them we needed more funding , and to get more funding we needed to show some success . "	她继续说: " 我们是电力工程师 , 我们真的需要更多的帮助 , 但是我们需要更多的资金 , 我们需要给他们提供更多的资金 , 而且我们需要展示一些成功 。 "
“we can put your mom’s picture and her jewelry box right here on top , ”michele said , and kristen felt so lucky to have a family who loved her and wanted to make her happy .	" 我们可以把你的妈妈的照片和她的珠宝盒放在这里 , " 米切尔说 , " 克里斯特感觉到很幸运 , 爱她的家人 , 想让她快乐 。
instead , he thinks yoga helps keep people more in tune with their bodies and eating habits and aware of bad habits , such as eating because of stress , boredom or depression .	相反 , 他认为瑜伽能帮助人们保持更多的身体 , 吃习惯和意识到坏习惯 , 例如由于压力 , 抑郁或抑郁而帮助人们 。
volunteers who worked in rooms lit by a lamp with an incandescent light bulb instead of overhead fluorescents solved problems requiring novel thinking more successfully .	那些在房间工作的志愿者在灯泡里工作的志愿者 , 而不仅仅仅是超级荧光的解决了新的问题 , 需要更成功地思考 。
five loud blasts were reported at gaddafi's bab alaziziya compound , where he had made an address on tuesday night and which had been first attacked on sunday night .	据报道 , 卡扎菲的巴布阿拉齐亚化合物报道 , 他在星期二晚上发出了一个地址 , 第一次袭击 。
with a certain assumption , we conclude that the relationship between price level , quantity produced and cost parameter is same at both extreme levels of risk avoidance .	通过一定的假设 , 我们结论价格水平、价格水平、数量生产和成本参数之间的关系与风险避免的极端水平相同 。
the material balance equation for gas reservoir has been used to determine reserves and ogip of gas reservoir , judge its driving type and predict its production performance .	采用气藏材料平衡方程 , 测定了气藏储量和气藏的储量 , 判断其驱动类型 , 并预测其生产性能 。
wan hui see tang sugar home happy , tang li and tian xin see tang sugar after come back home , it suggested that put home decorate the home to also can spacious points , everyone to move to villa .	吴慧看到唐糖家快乐 , 唐丽和天新看到唐糖回家后 , 建议把家装饰装饰给家里 , 每个人都搬到维拉 。
the trend in the prosperity of new year films shows that it results from the close relationship between the social and cultural accumulation and the psychological sublimation to the films .	新年电影的繁荣趋势显示 , 从社会和文化积累与心理分子到电影之间的密切关系 。
this program focuses on helping mathematical teachers construct conceptual maps of the development of children's mathematical cognition through education practices and coresearching .	本项目重点通过教育实践和核心搜索 , 构建儿童数学认知的概念地图 。
theaverage of t/es during the whole stages was about 2 . 06 . the maximum of it appeared in flag stage was about 78 , and its minimum appeared in winter was close to zero .	整个阶段的t//s平均水平大约是2.06.最大 , 火焰阶段的出现大约78 , 冬季的最低出现于零 。
huoshan industrial economy which is called huoshan phenomenon by those who study economy had a sharp rise in this years , though it was a poverty county of national level .	湖山工业经济称为胡山现象 , 这些研究经济在今年上升 , 虽然是国家水平的贫困县 。
that's because the new u . s . military strategy no longer focuses on going after enemy fighters in the mountains , but on winning over afghans in the cities and villages .	这是因为美国军事战略不再集中在山上敌人战斗后 , 但在阿富汗和村庄中赢得了阿富汗 。
in fact , foreign volunteers would like to deliver extemporaneously though they got prepared . and local teachers thought foreigners acted as trainer just for fun .	事实上 , 外国志愿者愿者将尽管他们准备好好了 , 但当地老师认为外国人只是为了训练员而行 。
vacationer accomodations are a nearby solarpowered hostel , with gardens and wild chickens . but by far , the highlight of the trip is the chance to see the grampians .	假设者是一个附近的太阳能酒店 , 花园和野鸡的附近 , 但远远 , 旅行的高光是看到草坪人 。
analyzing the function of firingoil tax , the paper discusses the influence of the coming firingoil tax in logistics industry and gives out the relevant countermeasures .	分析了渔业税的功能 , 探讨了未来的渔业税的影响 , 并给出了相关的对策 。
as ken tucker wrote at the time: ''finally , in his greatest moments of grief and fury , he showed us the most vulnerable , despairing side of the man of action . ''	作为肯·托克尔写道: " 最后 , 在他的最大的时刻 , 他显示了我们最脆弱的时刻 , 绝望人类行动的一面 。 "
handsome but also because of the floating children , had to rise in confidence , remembering their home made of silk and lu lin to discuss business , can open a silk line .	帅气 , 还因为浮动儿童 , 必须在信心上升 , 记住他们的家里由丝绸和卢林来讨论业务 , 可以打开一条丝线 。
adding leafy greens to a dish is an easy way to add color , flavor and nutrients , writes martha rose shulman in this week's recipes for health .	添加叶绿是一种易于添加颜色、香味和营养物的方法 , 在本周 , 玛莎·罗斯·舒尔曼写道 。
from how to conduct yourself as an employee to what's considered competition , it's likely that you'll see something formalized about how the company views social media and your participation in it .	从如何进行自己作为一个员工的竞争 , 你可能会看到一些正式化的公司对社会媒体和你的参与是如何正式的 。
the forest is fragrant , damp , and resonant . someone’s distant voice , someone’s protracted call or response reverberates marvelously in the far distant thickets .	森林是折叠、阻尼和合理的 。 有人远处的声音 , 有人承包的声音 , 或者反应的声音 , 远远远远远的厚度 。
mr . jobs , who was treated for pancreatic cancer five years ago , went on medical leave in midjanuary to receive a liver transplant after exhibiting noticeable weight loss .	五年前 , 在一月中旬 , 由于保护癌症患者的工作 , 医疗离开 , 接受肝移植 , 显示出可见的重量损失 。
this method improves the estimating precision of the point spread function . wiener filter is fabricated for recovering the defocused image based on the defocused point spread function .	本方法改进了点传播功能的估计精度 , 建立了基于缺点传播函数的重点图像的方法 。
actually , each chapter and each caption formed the integral framework that knowledge of whole horse sagacious nods , this frame basically is build by fundamental rise .	实际上 , 每章和每一章都形成了整个马的悲剧节点知识的整体框架 , 这基本上是由基本上升构建的 。
on this basis , it raises a query optimization model for oql by introducing some query theories of rdb into the query process of oodb , and gives its implement strategy .	在此基础上 , 通过引入一些rdb查询理论 , 提高了oql的查询优化模型 , 并给出了其实现策略 。
the men with a genetic tendency toward lower bdnf levels seemed to lose their ability to perform complicated tasks at almost double the rate of the men without the variation .	这种基因倾向于低bdnf水平的男性似乎失去了他们的能力 , 几乎两倍的男性没有变化 。
it is because they are afraid that theprivate employer will cutdown onjobs and many people , especially those whoare used to getting their wageswithout doing any work will lose their jobs .	这是因为他们担心私人雇主会削减jobs和许多人 , 尤其是那些经常获得他们的工资的整体都会失去工作 。
similarly indicative of this seachange in government policy , the chinese government has announced it will to ban shops from giving away free plastic shopping bags , effective from june 2008 .	与此类似的表明 , 中国政府在政府政策中宣布 , 中国政府将从2008年6月出售自由塑料购物袋 , 有效地从2008年6月出售 。
studying representation method of fusee and small spindle part of the caseandknowledgebased , the described method of objected oriented of geometry feature and process feature information is built .	建立了基于所知的几何特征和过程特征信息的对象方法 , 提出了一种基于所知的案例的小型脊柱部分的研究方法 。
last year , venturecapital firms invested $3 . 5 billion in u . s . alternativeenergy companies , while they invested only $330 million in chinese companies , ms . guzy said .	顾泽说 , 去年 , 风险资本公司投资了3.5亿美元 , 而在中国公司投资了330亿美元 , 同时他们只投资了3亿美元的中国企业 。
a component of the hals design is the spraycool multiplatform enclosure which enables the electronics to be located near the radar currently mounted on the front of the black hawk .	hals设计的一个组成部分是喷雾冷多平台闭环 , 使电子能在黑暗前安装在雷达附近 。
it is representing the hope of tea person , representing china tea industry will more flourishing , the tea course of study of the motherland is sure to have more brilliant than former days tomorrow !	代表中国茶业的希望 , 代表中国茶业的希望 , 今天的母亲的茶课程比以前的日子更明天要亮 。
an environmentallyfriendly antirusting coatings has been prepared , based on non toxic calcium phosphite as dominant antirust pigment and phosphates as auxiliary antirust pigment .	制备了一种环境友好的防腐涂料 , 基于非毒性钙磷矿作为主要的抗原素 , 磷酸盐作为辅助抗锈涂料 。
according to the terrain and topographical features , the sandy land in beijing mainly were divided into three types that are mountain ground , the transition zone from hill to plain and plain .	根据地形和地形特征 , 北京的沙地主要分为三种类型 , 是山地、山地和平原的过渡区 。
the paper also presents the optimization principle of seismic features and the seismic feature optimization method based on gene tic algorithm in porosity prediction with cusi network .	文章还提出了基于基因算法的地震特性和地震特性的优化原理 , 提出了基于基因算法的基因预测方法 。
when older adults cannot do the recommended amounts of physical activity due to health conditions , they should be as physically active as their abilities and conditions allow .	当老年人不能因健康状况而建议的物理活动 , 应该是物理活动的 , 作为他们的能力和条件的物理活动 。
lukacs exposed universal problems of verdinglichung and alienation in capitalist society from commodity and proved importance of its overall category from the opposite side .	卢克斯在资本主义社会中暴露了资本主义社会的普遍问题 , 证明了其整体分类的重要性 。
fractal dimensions of the 200 biggest intercity bus hubs from 2000 to 2004 were 1 . 4862 to 1 . 5118 , and that is consistent with fractal dimensions of chinese urban system sizes .	2000年至2004年最大的交通总线hbs的分形维度是1.4862到118 , 与中国城市系统的分形维度一致 。
this paper tries to explore the phenomenon with the concepts of absolute poverty and relative poverty , and to elaborate this issue with a historical comparison of chinese and british society .	本文试图探讨绝对贫困和相对贫困观念的现象 , 探讨其与中国和英国社会的历史比较 。
by the foundation of 2110 safety management mode , the basis of petrochina company limited safety management has become more strengthened and petrochina has achieved remarkable safety performances .	通过2110安全管理模式的基础 , 石油公司有限公司安全管理已经成为加强和石油安全性能的基础 。
then based on the characteristic of reversible counter , fourvalued d flipflop was used as the core component to design fourvalued synchronous reversible counter which has reset function .	然后根据可逆对策的特点 , 采用四值dfliflop作为核心组件设计了四值同步可逆性对策的核心组成部分 。
the court found ms deng guilty of causing injury with intent but freed her without a sentence on the grounds that a " mood disorder " absolved her of criminal responsibility .	法院发现 , 由于她的伤害和内容造成了伤害 , 但没有一句 " 情绪障碍 " 解决了她的刑事责任 。
in addition to representing individuals who have been injured as a result of negligent medical treatment , we also represent the victims of health care fraud and hmo disputes .	除了代表那些受伤的个体 , 外 , 我们还代表了健康保健欺诈和hmo纠纷的受害者 。
objective: to investigate the feasibility and potential roles of targetcontrolled propofol infusion in combination with enflurane inhalation in the oral and maxillofacial surgery .	目的:探讨目标控制的目标混凝剂在口腔和颌面手术中的可行性和潜在作用 。
the major findings of this research were listed as follows: the elementary school special education teachers in kaohsiung and pingtung areas were willing to use technology integration ;	本研究的主要研究成果是以下:高中特殊教育教师在高中地区和乒乓球领域的主要研究 , 愿意使用技术集成 ;
rob patz , kristen stewart and the rest of the gang are already filming the third movie in the twilight series eclipse in canada . eclipse is due out in may 2010 .	2010年5月 , 克里斯·斯蒂瓦特和其它加拿大的第三部电影已经拍摄了第三部电影在加拿大的第三部电影 。
article 16 the state science and technology commission shall , jointly with other departments concerned , inspect at regular intervals the new and high technology industries development zones .	第十六条国家科技委员会应当与其他部门关注 , 经常对新技术产业发展区进行检查 。
the influences of managerial culture on employee's work motivations are regarded widely , but there isn't an exercisable framework on relations between culture and work motivations till now .	经营文化对员工工作运动的影响很广 , 但在文化与工作运动之间没有一个可锻炼的框架 。
it is tough work for the multinational crew of 30 in this roughandready little boat , prettified below deck with posters of orangutans and sunflowers painted in the toilets .	这个粗糙的小船在30年里 , 很艰难的工作 , 已经有30艘多国际的船只 , 下面有橘子和太阳花在厕所里画的地方 。
gold has weakened its link to other commodities this year , managing to rise strongly in the first half while oil and copper slipped . this reflects its increasing value as a currency play .	黄金今年减弱了其它商品的联系 , 经营在石油和铜的上升 , 这反映了它的价值作为货币的增加 。
they're breaking out of the conventional life pattern go to school , fall in love , get married , buy a house , have babies...instead , they've skipped some steps and added others .	他们正在从常规生活模式出发 , 去学校 , 倒在爱上 , 结婚 , 买房子 , 还有婴儿...相反 , 他们已经跳过了一些步骤 , 加上其他人 。
chained data structure keep hitset by its llength . it does not need to create ancestor nodes , so it can reduce the saving of none hitset and the room of matching the patterns .	链接的数据结构保持了它的llength , 它不需要创建祖先节点 , 因此它可以减少节省nonitset和匹配模式的空间 。
once you're in proper position you need to relax your drawingside arm muscles . remember that this is easiest when your drawwrist is kept straight and forearm muscles are relaxed .	一旦你在正确的位置 , 你需要放松你的手臂肌肉 , 记住 , 当你的手腕保持直线和前臂肌肉的时候 , 这是很容易的 。
separately , toyota said monday it has expanded a u . s . service campaign for leaking oil hoses to cover 934 , 000 vehicles with sixcylinder engines .	另外 , 丰田周一表示 , 已经扩大了美国的服务运动 , 以泄漏油主机的934 , 000辆车辆的六缸发动机 。
but it it requires that i pull out a book to understand more of the topic , or exchange numerous emails with the sender to figure out more details about the problem , i simply do not have the time .	但是它要求我推出一本书来了解更多的主题 , 或者与发送者交流许多电子邮件 , 让我更详细地描述这个问题 , 我并没有时间 。
in the current issue of natural history , yale professor frank a . beach tells how lower primates can learn to love money ; some even turn into subhuman capitalists .	在当前的自然历史问题中 , yale教授弗兰克教授说 , 海滩教授可以学会更低的原因 , 甚至有些甚至转变成亚洲资本主义者 。
getting independent news from north korea is extremely rare but china correspondent damian grammaticas has travelled to the border to meet north koreans who have recently escaped .	韩国的独立消息非常罕见 , 但中国相应的大坝语法学家已经走到边界 , 遇到朝鲜最近逃离的北韩人 。
therefore , in order to ensure to fairly deal with cases of arbitration , national arbitration legislation and civil legislation , all have the system of judicial supervision of arbitral awards .	因此 , 为了确保与仲裁、国家仲裁立法和民事立法相关 , 所有的司法监督制度都有仲裁奖 。
his father , alois , is thought to have been the illegitimate offspring of a maid and a 19yearold jewish man . this would have made the man who inspired the holocaust onequarter jewish .	他的父亲阿洛伊斯认为 , 曾经是一个女性和一个19岁的犹太人 , 这将使这个男人激励了全球一季的犹太人 。
rights groups say government troops killed at least 41 civilians tuesday throughout syria , including 20 in an assault on the central protest hub of helfaya .	权利集团称 , 至少在周二在叙利亚的41名民事人死亡 , 包括20人在中央抗议中心抗议中心举行的抗议 。
a local official tells the newspaper that in response to demand , the oneday tour will include a visit to beichuan high school , where students were buried in the rubble .	据当地官员告诉报纸 , 要求的是 , 一个天的旅行将包括访问北川高中 , 学生在垃圾中被埋葬在垃圾中 。
as luck would have it , there happens to be a woman out there named belle with a heart big enough to share with unfortunatelooking people such as the beast , and she's not too bad to look at either .	就像幸运的那样 , 有一个女人在那里被称为 " 女人 " , 心里有足够的能力 , 就像兽人一样共享 , 她并不太坏了看 。
if only the xmx setting is used , 25% of the xmx value is used for the maximum nursery size , and the size of the nursery is permitted to grow and shrink within that 25% .	如果只使用xmx设置 , 25%的xmx值用于最大护理尺寸 , 而护士的尺寸则允许在那25%内生长和缩短 。
the other is a conflict that america did not seek ; one in which we are joined by 42 other countries including norway in an effort to defend ourselves and all nations from further attacks .	另一方面是一个冲突 , 美国并没有寻求 , 一个是由42个国家加入的 , 包括挪威的努力 , 保护自己和全国进一步攻击 。
one dollar store had not open yet , so i went into no frills . its dish detergent was expensive , so i picked up two cups of yogurt and told the cashier gave me some quarters .	还有一家美元商店还没有打开 , 所以我没有飞机 , 所以我拿起了两杯瑜伽 , 告诉我有些季度 。
in the framework of this request , cen and cenelec will develop one or several horizontal standard containing generic requirements applicable to various types of energyrelated products .	在本请求的框架中 , cen和cene将开发一个或几个级别标准 , 包含通用的要求 , 适用于各种类型的能源相关产品 。
the method is divided into two working procedures when in the lighting wheel integrated processing , i . e . , the surface cut is a former procedure and the extrusion processing is a latter procedure .	本方法分为光轮集成加工过程中两种工作过程 , 表面切割是前程序 , 挤出加工是后程序 。
blake said that on june 2 there will be both privatesector and government meetings , including the u . s . india business council , which will be holding its 35th annual meeting .	布莱克说 , 在6月2日 , 将有私人投资者和政府会议 , 包括美国印度商务委员会 , 这将持有35年会议 。
telemarketers will not be permitted to call any of the numbers on the national donotcall list , unless they already have an existing business relationship with the consumer or individual .	电视市场不会被允许打电话列表中的任何数字 , 除非他们已经与消费者或个人有关的业务关系 。
brazil's drought is limited to isolated areas ; with the exception of rio grande do sul and parana , where irreversible damage appears to be widespread throughout the state .	巴西的干旱有限于孤立区域 ; 除了里奥爷爷爷的外 , 在那里没有可逆的损害似乎在全国范围内被广泛扩散 。
an even more hazardous device , popular in america , was the instantaneous light boxa bottle filled with sulphuric acid into which splints treated with chemicals were dipped .	一个更加危险的装置 , 美国流行 , 是在美国的时候 , 轻箱瓶充满了硫酸 , 将化学物质分裂为化学物质 。
and in the dream she was told by a lady by the name of nice virtures accomplished that some tibetans could also see the contents of the website in the lake just as through a computer monitor screen .	在梦中 , 她被一名美丽的病毒名称称说 , 一些藏族人也可以看到在湖边的网站的内容 , 只是通过计算机监测屏幕来看 。
tacit knowledge is the highly individual knowledge that has accumulated a wealth of experience and can't make a systematic exposition , that is , can be sensed , but not explained in words .	任务知识是高度个人知识 , 积累了丰富的经历 , 无法制造一个系统的暴露 , 这是可以感觉的 , 但不能解释的话 。
this type of scenario usually occurs when clevel executives who want to drive business and it change across the enterprise provide proactive sponsorship to aid their strategic agendas .	这种类型的场景通常发生在那些想要驱动业务的clevel执行人员时 , 这些风景通常会变化 , 为他们的战略代理提供积极的赞助 。
utilising wild country's 'extended eps system' – the 360 offers market leading front , side and rear impact protection , making it one of the safest helmets available .	利用野生国家的 " 扩展的eps系统 " 这个360提供市场前沿、侧面和后面影响 , 使它成为最安全的helmets之一 。
beijing ya wen sheng ya painting art sales center was founded in 1995 , hall established the world's largest artist communitiesbeijing songzhuang artist village .	1995年建立北京艺术家北京最大的艺术家宋庄艺术家村 。
membership in oaspa is open to both scholar publishers and professional publishing organizations , including university presses and for profit and nonprofit organizations .	欧萨巴的成员公开了学者和专业出版社 , 包括大学出版社和非盈利组织的利润和非盈利组织 。
these specialists know how to operate the diagnostic and treatment equipment used in that particular branch of medicine , but they are also trained in emergency intervention techniques such as cpr .	这些专家知道如何运行诊断和治疗设备 , 尤其是医学的分支 , 但他们也在紧急干预技术中培训 。
the waterfire tube boiler with threestructure assembling is a new idea of dzl type hot water boilers . twostep series inject technology is applied in this type boiler recently .	最近 , 采用三个结构组装的水火管锅炉是一种新颖的dzl型热水锅炉 , 两步喷射技术在此类锅炉中应用 。
six months later , donations allow a bridge to be built between the two mountains and wawa finally gets to walk to school , wearing the boots his sister wanted to give to him .	六个月后 , 捐赠允许一座桥梁在两座山之间建立 , 终于走到学校 , 穿着靴子想给他 。
the cold spell in the northwestern cupped both the invasion and retain a subtropical air temperature and humidity , is a typical north to the warm temperate subtropical climate transition .	西北部的寒冷喷出了侵蚀 , 保持一个亚热带空气温度和湿度 , 是温暖的亚热带气候变化的典型北部 。
it is studied further that the dissolubility of the bismuthous sulfide in the solutions of the nonoxidative strong acid through the experiment by means of chemical thermodynamics .	通过化学热力学方法 , 研究了非氧化强酸溶解中生物硫化物溶解的不溶性 。
this paper analyses the reason , harm and forming process distortion of the rotor winding on the end of turbogenerators with various kinds in frequent cyclic operation and suggests preventive measure .	文章分析了转子束绕的原因、危害和形成过程的变化 , 给出了各种不同类型的循环操作 , 提出了预防措施 。
mcdonald's spokeswoman told the wall street journal last week the company couldn't rule out the possibility of replacing osi as a supplier over the long term .	mcdonald的发言人上周告诉华尔街日报告说 , 公司不能在长期以来取代osi作为供应商的可能性 。
as a rule , the trend will turn up in the middle of the third week and close higher at the end of the third week , the stock only moving 3 weeks against the main trend .	作为一项规则 , 第三周中期的趋势将在第三周内转向 , 第三周末 , 股票只有3周反对主要趋势 。
cla shows a remarkable anticancer effect and offers other nutritional benefits . this paper discusses cla's multiple physiological multifunctionality and its pathogenesis .	阐述了一种显著的抗癌效果 , 给出其它营养效益 , 讨论了cla的多功能多功能多功能性及其病原因 。
japan's osaka sangyo university released an official apology on june 10 because one employee called the confucius institute a cultural intelligence agency .	日本奥斯卡大学于6月10日发布了一个正式的论坛 , 因为一名员工称孔子学院为一个文化智能机构 。
the first stirrings of a backlash have already been felt about the socalled " olympic lanes " that will whisk 18 , 000 athletes and officials around the capital during the games .	第一次被称为 " 奥林匹克兰 " 的第一次搅拌已经被认为是 " 奥运会 " , 将在比赛中占据18000名运动员和官员 。
there was very significant difference in bacteria number between group i and group ii . the efficacy of cleaning hand with xiaodulin was obviously superior to that of washing hand with suds .	我和组ii组之间的细菌数量有很大的差异 , 清洗手的效果明显优于洗手的效果 。
in a young woman with no physical findings indicating malignancy , the patient should return 3 to 10 days after the next menstruation begins to determine if the lump regresses .	在一个年轻的妇女中 , 没有物理发现显示恶性 , 患者应该返回3至10天之后 , 接下来的男性开始决定肺回归 。
comprehensive randomized controlled spa intervention studies with longer followup periods may be helpful in further delineating the therapeutic efficacy of balneotherapy in as patients .	综合随机随机控制空间干预研究可能有助于进一步探讨balneher治疗效果的临床疗效 。
i understand that in all circumstances during the period of my stay in chinaas a volunteer , the sowers action will not be held liable for any issues or incidents arose out of my other capacities .	我知道在我在中国的志愿者期间 , 在所有情况下 , 中国的所有情况下 , 解决方案不会对任何问题或事故进行责任 。
one of the most handy menu entries in gnome is the connect to server entry in the places menu . this allows the user to connect to nearly any type of server quickly and easily .	gnome中最优秀的菜单之一是服务器进入菜单中的连接 , 这允许用户连接到几乎任何类型的服务器快速和易于 。
at the foot of the mountains , international kindergarten attached to sun yatsen university is situated in a pleasant environment with a good view of fabulous sights .	在山脚上 , 国际幼儿园附着太阳雅典大学的国际幼儿园坐落在一个愉悦的环境中 , 具有良好的观点 。
conclusions . use of 3 induced sputum samples was more sensitive than use of 3 gastric washings for diagnosis of tuberculosis in patients who could not expectorate spontaneously .	结论:采用3种诱导的精子样品 , 比以3个胃洗涤为诊断结核病患者无法自发性地预测的患者更敏感 。
his eastern policies mainly focused on alliances with tartars of mongolia , aiming to consolidate its position of power within rus and gain stable status during the fight against the west .	他的东方政策主要关注蒙古的联盟 , 旨在巩固其在俄罗斯和西方战争中获得稳定的地位 。
we took lots of pictures as we drove through texas , new mexico , arizona , california , nevada , utah , colorado , nebraska , and all the way into minnesota .	我们通过德克萨斯、新墨西哥、阿里桑那、加利福尼亚、纳瓦达、乌拉多、科罗拉多、尼布拉斯加和尼泊萨达的路线 。
but it reflects the fact that , like past world’s fairs , the shanghai expo is intended mainly to impress a domestic audience – well over 90 percent of visitors come from the host country .	但是 , 就像过去的世界公平一样 , 上海博览会主要是印象国内观众 , 90%的访问者来自主国 。
on the day of the marathon i started well , but after half marathon i developed muscle cramps on both legs which caused me to fall on the tarmac , which caused my right knee to be badly bruised .	在马拉松的一天 , 我开始好了 , 但是在半场马拉松之后 , 我在两腿上开发了肌肉裂缝 , 使我在塔玛拉克下跌 , 这使我右膝盖坏了 。
two israelis , shai pollicker , a medical engineer , and dr . edy soffer , a prominent gastroenterologist , joined a seattlebased engineering team to help with the design .	两名以色列人 , 陕波利克博士 , 医疗工程师 , 爱迪·索福博士 , 是一名著名的气候学家 , 加入了一个基于satle的工程团队 , 帮助设计 。
phoebe looks out the window dubiously . “this reminds me of that movie where the family in an rv pulls into a little town and the mutants come out at night and eat them . ”	菲比看着窗户很容易 。 " 这是提醒我那部电影在rv里拉进一个小城镇 , 突变者晚上吃了 。 "
based on the implementation of a strategy aimed at technological innovation , china should step up exploration and development in order to secure more reserves and to reduce exposure to oil imports .	针对技术创新的实施 , 中国应该逐步探索和发展 , 以保证更多的储备 , 降低油进口的暴露 。
witnesses and security camera video of the gunmen built a portrait of them as young men dressed in jeans and trendy tshirts , bearing rucksacks and guns .	目击者和安全摄像机在枪手的视频建立了一支像机 , 因为年轻男人穿着牛仔裤和潮湿的衬衫 , 承载橡木和枪 。
one generalpurpose eigenvalue routine , a singleshift complex qz algorithm not in linpack or eispack , was developed for all complex and generalized eigenvalue problems .	针对linpack或ispack的单转变复杂qz算法 , 提出了一种常用的概念性价值路由 , 并对所有复杂和普遍化的生成价值问题进行了研究 。
in the recent years , researchers have made their studies of european work satisfaction from its relation with work agreement , worktime , marriage and family status , gender and age , and work autonomy .	近年来 , 研究人员对欧洲工作满意度、工作协议、工作时间、婚姻状况、性别和年龄的关系进行了研究 。
wellheeled shoppers and alfresco diners keep the place busy until late , and if you are looking for a memorable meal or a browse through some of shanghai's more fashionable shops , this is the place .	幸福的购物者和阿尔弗雷斯科的晚餐 , 直到晚些时尚的地方 , 如果你正在寻找一个可记忆的餐 , 或者是上海更多的时尚商店 , 这是这个地方 。
in order to improve the production efficiency of the clothing manufacturing industry , it must combine the body measure , pattern design and clothing making of traditional clothing production .	为了提高服装制造业的生产效率 , 必须结合身体测量、模式设计和制造传统服装制造的生产效率 。
the related expenses incurred for the transfer of technology will not be qualified as tax deduction items unless the corresponding contract is approved by the relevant authorities .	除非相关机构批准合同之外 , 科技的交易费用不会被当作税收导致项目的相关费用 , 否则不会被相应的合同批准 。
currently the mixing proportion of shieldmortar usually use orthogonal test , the shortcomings of which lie in the need of lots of experiments and inevitable much waste of time and money .	目前盾牌的混合比例通常使用正交测试 , 其中存在于很多实验和可避免的时间和资金的需求 。
among sugarsweetened beverages , cutting out just 1 serving daily was associated with a weight loss of 1 . 1 pounds at 6 months and 1 . 4 pounds at 18 months .	在糖尿饮料中 , 每天只有1英镑的饮料 , 每天在6个月和18个月的1.1英镑 , 每天只有1英镑的饮料 。
china has very serious disaster of frozen and permafrost , therefore , effective and longterm monitor of frozen and permafrost is significant to provide reference information for potential disaster .	因此 , 中国有很严重的冻结和渗透霜 , 因此 , 冻结长期监测具有重要的灾难 , 为潜在灾难提供了参考信息 。
the biological features of lycopene , such as molecular structure , metabolism , tissue distribution and its anti cancer function and possible mechanism are reviewed .	综述了lcopene的生物学特点 , 如分子结构、代谢、组织分布、抗癌功能及可能的机制 。
results: the direct manifestations included bile duct truncation in 9 cases , irregular eccentrical or endocentric narrow in 9 cases , and irregular filling defect in 1 case .	结果:直接表现为9例 , 无规则中心或内心狭窄9例 , 1例无规则填充缺陷 。
editra allows you to navigate menus without mousing with its menu mnemonics , automatically checks for updates during startup and allows you to set preferred fonts in your preferences .	编辑器允许您在启动期间进行导航菜单 , 没有与其菜单monics一起 , 自动检查更新 , 并允许您在您的优惠中设置优良的字符 。
the simulated high head with large vertical velocity of gravitycurrent , the large velocity of underrun and the dense isentropes in the front are closely consistent with those observed .	模拟了大型重力电路的垂直速度 , 运行的大速度 , 前面的密度分布与这些观察的密度密切相一致 。
proponents of gm foods argue using biotechnology in the production of food products has many benefits: it speeds up the process of breeding plants and animals with desired characteristics ;	利用生物技术在生产食品产品中的应用 , 具有很多优点 , 提高了种植物和动物的发展过程 ;
called up for military service , mr . marokvia spent the war as an illustrator for the wehrmacht , applying brush and pencil in ukraine , italy , finland and yugoslavia .	马克维亚先生把战争称为 " 威尔玛特 " , 用于乌克兰、意大利、芬兰、芬兰和奥斯拉维亚 " 。
the stronger one must drive out the devil with beelzebub , as the saying goes , to present a dose of countermagic in order to neutralize and overcome that which supports established rule .	更强的是 , 必须带着贝尔泽布布斯的魔鬼驱动 , 就像说的那样 , 给出一种反魔法 , 为了中性化和克服那些支持建立的规则 。
it follows that there is an absolute artistic criterion which means that the unique feelings of every individual is empathized by every other individual through images that can't be duplicated .	因此 , 有一个绝对的艺术标准 , 意味着 , 每个人都感到独特的感觉都是通过图像复制出来的 。
iran said the worm was used to attack computers at its bushehr nuclear reactor . there has been widespread speculation that stuxnet actually damaged the plant , something iran denies .	伊朗说 , 这种虫子被用来攻击电脑 , 在它的巴赫尔核反应堆 , 已经有很多广泛的预测 , 这种虫子实际上损坏了这个植物 , 一些伊朗否认 。
compared with chaos shift keying , mdcsk has an advantage that multilevel digital signals can be encrypted , by using multiscroll encryption parameters .	与混沌转换关键相比 , mdcsk具有多级数字信号可以加密 , 通过多个croll加密参数来加密 。
this paper explores key issues related to innovation in libraries including the nature , the barriers , and the nays to adopt and implement innovative strategies successfully .	本文探讨了有关图书馆创新的关键问题 , 包括自然、阻碍者、自然、自然和自然创新策略的成功利用和实现创新策略 。
the code from hsqldbutil . runscripttool was refactored to create a method named launch , which gets the project , main class name and commandline arguments as method parameters .	由hsqldbutil.runscriptotool的代码反映了一种名为启动的方法 , 它获得了项目、主要类名称和命令行参数的方法 。
russia's twotime olympic pole vault champion and world record holder yelena isinbayeva announced early sunday she is to take an indefinite break from the sport .	俄罗斯的两次奥林匹克皇家冠军和世界记录中 , 本周日早些时候宣布 , 她是从运动中获得无限的突破 。
trade secrets law can be regarded as the interests distribution and juristic selections and integration between public interests of the society and the monopoly interests of trade secrets owners .	贸易秘密法可作为社会利益的利益分布和司法选择与公共利益之间的共利益和贸易部门的垄断利益 。
taliban fighters appear to have been prepared to blow up large numbers of people in order to assassinate a single target , such as a highranking government official or police chief .	塔利班战士似乎已经准备好把大量人吹起来 , 为了减少一个目标 , 例如高级政府官员或警察首席执行官员 。
soft x ray microscopy is a microimaging technique using soft x ray as illuminative source . it fills the gap between optical and electron microscopy .	软x射线微镜是用软x射线作为光源的微成像技术 , 填充光学和电子显微镜之间的差距 。
weifang threepower group co . , ltd . is a high and new technology manufacturer , which professionally manufacture tobacco extracts , solanesol and nicotine two big series .	温阳三能集团有限公司是一家高新技术制造商 , 专业生产烟草提取物 , slanesol和尼古丁两大系列 。
in order to improve the correct rate of eye locating , an algorithm for the refinement of face boundaries and a multilevel eye detection scheme are included in this method .	为了提高眼睛位置的正确率 , 提出了一种对面边界的精炼方法和多层眼检测方案的方法 。
abstract : objective oral mucosa irritation and subcutaneous implantation tests were launched to study the histocompatibility of microarc oxidized zrcualag bulk metallic glass .	文章摘要:开发了目标口腔黏膜灌溉试验 , 研究了微卡氧化zrc大小金属玻璃的组织兼容性 。
former arsenal midfielder gilberto has tipped denilson , his successor in the heart of the gunners' midfield , to receive a callup from the brazil national team .	前阿森纳中场吉尔伯托已经提醒了丹尔逊 , 他的继任者在枪手中场的心里 , 接到巴西国家队的一场比赛 。
among the few c . i . a . officials who knew thedetails of the detention and interrogation program , there was a tense debateabout where to draw the line in terms of treatment .	在几个c.i.a官员中 , 知识到拘留和交流程序的详细信息中 , 有一个紧张的辩论机构 , 来吸引治疗的线条 。
the opening titles inform us that in 1860 , after the collapse of the tokugawa dynasty , samurai were left unemployed and wandered the countryside in search of work .	1860年 , 开放的名字告诉我们 , 在东京时代崩溃之后 , 萨米拉伊离开了失业 , 并在寻找工作的国家 。
i feel much gratitude and deeply indebted to the grand master for his vision , devotion , dana , and diligence to bring buddhism to the u . s . a . and to all sentient beings .	我感到很严重 , 深深深地对大师的视觉、魔鬼、大纳和尊严带来佛教给美国人带来了佛教 , 并且对所有的句子都是这样的 。
simon ellson , a security expert for antivirus computer firm norton , emphasised that it's crucial to change passwords frequently and avoid repetitions in them .	simonellson是反病毒电脑公司的安全专家 , 强调诺顿的安全专家 , 很重要的是改变密码 , 避免重复 。
through experimental measurements , the surface treatment of steel smoke is only 0 . 008 relative reflectance , absorption device can be used as ideal inside coating material .	通过实验测量 , 钢烟的表面处理只是0.008相对反射 , 吸收装置可作为内涂料的理想内部 。
jing literary school's imagery is a special flay phenomenon in the stage of china traditional culfure's changing into modem culture , and it has a special aesthetic value .	京文学校的形象是我国传统自我变化的特殊现象 , 具有特殊的审美价值 。
the feudal provincial system is the original creation of han wudi on the basis of the successful experiences of the systems for supervision and control of the officials in qin and han dynasties .	封建省制度是汉武迪的原始创造 , 是对秦汉代官员监督和控制的成功经验的基础 。
after the meeting , another blogger , zhou shuguang , shared his impressions: 'it shows that the u . s . government and beijing have totally different ways of working . in the u . s .	在会议之后 , 周淑光又一位博客 , 共享他的印象: " 这表明 , 美国政府和北京已经完全不同的工作方式 。
to promote the applications of ferrites in those areas , it is necessary to synthesize monodisperse superparamagnetic nanostructured ferrites particles with high saturation magnetization .	为了促进铁矿在这些地区的应用 , 必须合成单体超磁性纳米结构的超磁性纳米粒子 , 具有较高的饱和磁化作用 。
methods examine the 34 patients with ultrasonic b and the mirror for anterior chamber angle , then extractive the foreign body in the anterior chamber angle under the eye speculum .	方法对34例超声波b患者进行超声波b和前室角镜检查 , 然后在眼睛下提取外体外观角度 。
malaysian prime minister abdullah badawi is facing calls for his resignation , after his ruling coalition lost critical ground to opposition parties in general elections .	马来西亚总理abdulhbadawi正面临他的辞职 , 经过他的统治联盟失去了关键的地方 , 反对党的反对党 。
in the movie before the rain , the photographer who has gone through the difficulties of war in bosniaherzogovina utters nonsense as he throws away the film which won him an award .	在这部电影之前 , 摄影师们在波斯尼亚西亚尼古戈维纳的战争中经历了一场艰难的战争 , 因为他扔掉了电影 , 赢得了他奖励 。
in this paper , the structureactivity relationships and pharmacological properties of the resveratrol derivatives as a potent chemopreventive agent are reviewed and discussed .	综述了转换器衍生物的结构活性与药理学性能 , 作为一种潜在的化学代理剂 , 探讨了转换器衍生物的结构活性 。
article 399 agent's obligation to follow instruction ; deviation from instruction the agent shall handle the entrusted affair in accordance with the instruction of the principal .	第三十九条代理的义务是遵循指令的 ; 按照原则的指令 , 从指令的偏差 , 应当按照本条款处理信用事务 。
since then , our bilateral relations have made remarkable achievements thanks to efforts of both sides . the two countries have had frequent contacts at the top and other levels .	自然 , 我们的双边关系使得两边关系的成就感谢两边的努力 , 两国在顶部和其他水平上经常接触 。
in recent years , radix puerariae powder , whose comprehensive value in use has been improved gradually became significant officinal and raw material for industry production .	近年来 , 拉迪克普拉里亚粉末的综合价值逐渐提高了工业生产的正式和原材料 。
the enlistment of a citizen eligible for enlistment may be deferred if he is the only worker in his family providing its means of substance or if he is a student in a fulltime school .	如果他是他家里唯一的工人提供物质 , 或是他是一个全职学校的学生 , 那么 , 一个公民不可忽视 。
as a result , the thick of branches has great effect on youg trees . it has direct relation with its survival rate , growing conditions as well as commercial rate of young fig trees .	结果 , 分支厚度对青年树有较大的影响 , 与其生存率、生存率、生存条件和年轻图树的商业率有直接关系 。
this study described the quantitative simulation of exciting conduction velocity affection on cardiac rhythm with three dimensions realistic torsoheart geometry models .	本研究描述了三维实际的扭矩心脏几何模型的激发速度对心脏节律影响的定量模拟 。
two kinds of typical clonal growth architectures , guerilla and phalanx in potaninia mongolica maxim . , which are regarded as the best material in researching clone population .	两种典型的克隆生长体系结构 , 古拉拉和菲兰克斯在波坦尼亚蒙古最大地区 , 被认为是研究克隆人口的最佳材料 。
libeskind is the master planner behind the redevelopment of new york's world trade center site , which is expected to face years of delays and significant cost overruns .	利比斯金德是纽约世界贸易中心的重新开发的主要计划者 , 预计将面临延迟和重大的成本超越运行 。
the glass free ampoule is comprised of a onepiece molded polyethylene or polypropylene unit that remains intact and sealed until activated by the user .	玻璃自由放大器由一个pice模拟聚乙烯或聚丙烯单元组成 , 直到用户激活到活动 。
aiming at the problems in chinese medicine education at that time , " the letter from five wellknown scholars " was an effort to keep the principal part nature of chinese medicine education .	针对当时我国医学教育的问题 , " 五名著名学者 " 的信 , 是保持我国医学教育的主要内容 。
joel and rachel hoffman , who had been working for the charity mennonite central committee in the country for four months , suffered minor injuries in the earthquake .	乔尔和拉克·霍夫曼曾在四个月里工作过慈善男性中心委员会的工作 , 受到地震的少数损伤 。
compared with that of the world , china's incidence of tooth decay is not high among students of primary and secondary schools . more prominent however , is the lack of its timely treatment .	与此相比 , 中国的牙齿衰退的发生率并不高于初级和二级学校的学生 , 更突出的是治疗的缺乏时间 。
the u . s . population has been growing about 1 percent yearly since 1950 , and nearly 40 percent of that growth is due to foreignborn individuals coming into the united states .	自1950年以来 , 美国人口已经增长了1% , 而且近40%的增长是因为外国人口到美国 。
noneuro countries highlighted the damage the european crisis was already doing to their economies and underlined the urgent need for action by the 17nation single currency area .	没有欧洲危机的危机已经提高了 , 而且通过17个国家的单一货币面积 , 欧洲危机已经做到了改善 , 同时也将迫切的需求 。
apparent nitrogen digestibility exhibits quadratic curve relationship with dietary ip levels and the highest n digestibility occurs in 18 . 07% ip diet .	18.07%的ip饮食中 , 显著的氮消化率与饮食ip水平的二次曲线关系和最高的n消化率发生在18.07%的ip饮食中 。
" in addition , gillian also revealed that during the visit , at all shooting off in many films , most enjoy are " beyond our ken " , she even had the film was nominated for best actress golden .	" 另外 , 吉利亚还透露在访问中 , 在很多电影中 , 很多人都喜欢 " 超越我们的肯尼 " , 她甚至有这部电影被提名为最佳女演员黄金 。
rc has always been steadily developing and abided the principle of winwin . in the variational industry and market , they are trying to take on flourishing vigor and a steady ascend .	rc总是稳定发展 , 制定了winwin的原则 , 在变化产业和市场中 , 他们正试图采取流动的维护和稳定的升级 。
other presidents , notably lincoln , were prepared in emergency circumstances to violate the constitution , as when lincoln suspended habeas corpus at the outset of the civil war ;	其他总统林肯在紧急情况下 , 正如林肯在民间战争出现的时候悬挂了哈贝斯公司 ;
american said in the u . s . borrow money on life , the car can not sell because the old lady and filled with goose six " economic crisis " is finally the haze has been wiped out .	美国人说 , 美国在生活中借钱 , 汽车不能卖 , 因为老太太太太多 , 还有六个 " 经济危机 " 最终被消除 。
we need to make clear the connection between animal research and a grandmother's hip replacement , a father's bypass operation a baby's vaccinations , and even a pet's shots .	我们需要清楚动物研究与一个祖母的hip替代之间的联系 , 父亲的经验是一个婴儿的疫苗 , 甚至是宠物的拍摄 。
conclusion:the risk factors for graft failure after pk were corneal vascularization , regraft , aphakia or pseudophakia , presence of anterior or posterior synechia .	结论:pk患者冠状血管化、转移、食管炎、前期或后期同步症患者的危险因素 。
almost everything in this temple of consumption , including its lavish layouts and the celebrities who now most often adorn its covers , 35 ) hinges on stuff for sale .	几乎所有的东西都是消费的 , 包括它的懒惰的布局和现在大多数人常常用它的覆盖 , 35 ) 在销售中隐藏 。
" virtually every part of the industry , from upstream to downstream , is completely indonesian: the farmers , the factory owners and workers , the distributors , the sellers and the market , " he said .	他说: " 几乎所有的工业 , 从上流到下游 , 都是印尼人:农民、工厂、工厂、工人、销售商、销售商和市场的一部分 。 "
milan are not dismantling . until today , aside from others who didn't play much , players like emerson and senderos have left , as well as shevchenko and mattioni who haven't been reclaimed .	米兰今天不会失望 , 直到今天 , 除非其他人 , 除非他人没有玩耍 , 比如emerson和发送商 , 还有shevchenko和matoti 。
by analyzing cases of landscape architecture design , the meaning of literature rhetoric which is used for reference is illustrated , such as hyperbole , figuration and symbolization .	通过对景观建筑设计的案例分析 , 阐述了应用文学的意义 , 例如超波、文学、文学和符号化的意义 。
in order to donate pollen to recipient stigmas efficiently , animalpollinated plants have evolved a variety of floral characteristics . pollen presentation schedule is one of them .	为了有效地捐献花粉 , 动物污染植物已经进化了各种颜色 , 花粉表现规划是其中之一 。
i admit that i was disappointed to read the uefa motivations after they decided to readmit us to the tournament , but i don't believe that we will encounter any additional obstacle for this reason .	我承认 , 在他们决定将我们读取奥尔法运动之后 , 我不相信我们会遇到任何额外的障碍 。
penny hardaway scored 22 points , including the gamewinning shot with three seconds left , as the orlando magic defeated the defending champion houston rockets 9290 .	潘尼·辛德拉路22分 , 包括3秒左右的比赛赢得了比赛 , 因为奥兰兰多的魔术击败了冠军霍斯顿火箭9290分 。
" people who would otherwise be in cds or ultrasafe assets are taking greater risks , " says martin fridson , global credit strategist , bnp paribas investment partners .	巴黎的投资伙伴马丁·弗里德森说: " 否则在cds或超安全资产的人们正在采取更大的风险 。 "
one of them is land for unused , which will increase the forest coverage rate 4 . 1 percentage points . waterfront , roads , farmland and other green potential between 1 . 919 . 27 percentage points .	其中之一是无用的土地之一 , 将增加森林覆盖率为4.1% , 前面 , 路面 , 农田和其他绿色潜力的1.919.27% 。
in the case of the novelists , the romantic vision tended to express itself in the form hawthorne called the " romance , " a heightened , emotional , and symbolic form of the novel .	在小说的情况下 , 浪漫视觉倾向于表现出 " 浪漫观 " 的形式 , 称之为 " 浪漫、情感、象征形式 。
" the most successful one was the first that was held in houston , texas in 2005 , during which we received more than us$20 million , " lang recalled , " the number exceeded all our expectations . "	" 最成功的是在2005年 , 德克萨斯举行的第一次 , 我们收到了2000万美元 , " 兰回忆道 , " 这个数字超过了我们的期望 。
" really , it's nothing now for me to deal with these small injuries like hamstring or groin strains – i can understand them , " the 26yearold told the official matchday programme .	" 真的 , 现在 , 我对我来说 , 这些小型伤害 , 比如汉明或格林菌株 , 我可以理解他们 , " 26岁的官方赛季告诉他们 。
from aix 5 . 2 , setting n to b or higher changes the memory layout — it no longer uses segments d and f for shared libraries and allows them to be used for native storage or mmapping .	从aix5.2中 , 设置n或更高的更改记忆布局 , 它不再使用分享库和f来共享库 , 并且允许它们用于本地存储或mapping 。
but now , if we were to fix upon this one aspect of the counter culture — its mystic tendencies and principled funkiness — we would not be doing justice to the deep ambiguity of the movement .	但现在 , 如果我们正在修改这个反对文化的一个方面 , 那么它的神秘倾向和原则的真实性 , 我们不会对运动深刻的公义做出正义 。
the houston metro system has successfully tested the breathe safe system , which uses ultraviolet germicidal irradiation to kill up to 99 percent of certain types of bacteria .	霍斯顿metro系统成功地测试了一定类型细菌的呼吸系统 , 利用紫外线菌辐射来杀死9%的杀死 。
but although justice souter's dedication and integrity were beyond reproach , his hermetically sealed approach to the job limited his influence on the court and outside of it .	但是 , 尽管司法官的辩护和完整性超越了复兴 , 但他的遗传封闭的途径对法庭和外部的影响 , 却限制了他对法庭的影响 。
eat: food rich in this mineral and therefore beneficial for arians to include in their diet are: tomatoes , beans , brown rice , lentils , walnuts , olives and onions .	吃:这些矿物丰富的食物 , 因此有益于亚洲人的饮食是:番茄、豆、豆、棕米、柠檬、杏仁、橄榄和洋葱 。
jennifer li , baidu's finance director , said: " baidu , the chinese music fans , recording artists and the record companies will all benefit from this winwin partnership . "	百度的金融总监詹妮弗·李说: " 百度 , 中国音乐迷 , 记录艺术家和记录公司都将从这个赢得的合作关系中获益 。 "
for example , long distance telephone lines were expensive to install , and the first company to do so , a . t . &t . , wound up being the only provider of long distance service in the united states .	例如 , 长距离电话线很昂贵 , 第一家公司安装 , 因此 , 第一家公司是美国唯一的长距离服务提供商 。
taking secondary board market as its researching object , the thesis analyzes the catalogs , characteristics and targets of trading mechanisms by means of theoretical and empirical perspectives .	本文以二级板市场为研究对象 , 通过理论和实践角度分析了交易机制的目标、特点和目标 。
patients in the immune clearance and reactivation phases , with elevated alanine aminotransferase and hbv dna levels , are candidates for antiviral therapy .	免疫清除和反应阶段的患者 , 初步提高氨基氨基氨基酶和hbvdna水平 , 是抗病毒治疗的候选人 。
at present , the little swan in the fourthclass city , second only to sales of haier , accounted for 13% , it is apparent that the company's future performance will be greatly improved .	目前 , 目前 , 在第四个城市里 , 只有第二个销售海尔 , 占据了13% , 公司的未来性能将很大提高 。
the provisions of subparagraphs 1 , 13 and 19 of paragraph 1 need not apply where an issuer has engaged a securities underwriter to publicly underwrite its ordinary corporate bonds .	亚参与者1 , 13和19页的规定并不需要申请一个发布者在这里进行证券 , 以便公开其普通公司债券 。
some things that we have left to do are for example jsp tag library support in gsp , possible support for jpa as a plugin , and improvements to our unit testing infrastructure .	我们剩下的一些事情是例如jsp标记库支持gsp , 可能支持jpa作为插件 , 并提高了我们的单元测试基础设施 。
the product which has a rich flavour and buttery texture is traditionally a christmas delicacy in france , though it is eaten more widely in the south of the country throughout the year .	虽然在法国 , 法国 , 法国有着丰富的黄油和黄油的产品传统上 , 但在法国 , 虽然在全国的南方吃得更广泛 。
again this highlights the importance of decision making , composure and passing ability as the player will need to know when to run with the ball or get rid of it , careful not to be caught on the ball .	再次阐明了这个决策的重要性 , 组成和传递能力 , 因为球员需要知道球队运行时 , 还需要知道 , 否则不会在球场上捕获 。
“sitting close to the television may not make a child nearsighted , but a child may sit close to the television because he or she is nearsighted and undiagnosed , ” she reports .	她报道说: " 坐在电视的近距离可能不会让孩子们看到 , 但一个孩子可能坐在电视上 , 因为他或她还是近视和不诊断的情况下 。 "
in order to cooperate happily , lou sheng promised to help kushima takahira out of baoding sales channels , to help lou sheng longping island boarded the baoding ruling position .	为了合作幸福 , 路沈承诺帮助库斯马塔卡希拉从包装销售渠道出发 , 帮助路沈平岛推出了破产规则的位置 。
the last time such a large ice island formed was in 1962 when the ward hunt ice shelf calved an island . smaller pieces of that chunk became lodged between real islands inside nares strait .	最后一次 , 冰岛形成于1962年 , 当时 , 荷兰的冰架在岛上 , 小片的冰岛在海军之间 。
this article introduces the development and application test of japanese high performance industrial furnaces , such as reheating furnace , heat treatment furnace and smelting furnace etc .	介绍了日本高性能工业炉的开发和应用 , 如加热炉、热处理炉等 。
if a college degree from a school you never see sounds strange , then consider this: the ou is considered britain’s largest university with over 200 , 000 students enrolled .	如果大学生从学校里从来没有看到过奇怪的学校 , 那么考虑到这:ou是英国最大的大学生 , 大约有20000多名学生 。
they lack experience and practical knowledge about the real world , " said yang xiaosong , ceo of an exclusive golf club , as his staff cast a keen eye over hopeful applicants .	他们缺乏经验和实践的知识 , " 杨小龙说 , 他的工作人员在希望申请者的眼睛中打开了一只独特的高尔夫俱乐部 。
and , finally , after years of sanctions by the united states and the international community , a much older but equally combative colonel qaddafi was seemingly rehabilitated by the west .	最后 , 最后 , 美国和国际社会的制裁几年以后 , 一个老年人 , 但同样的殖民卡扎菲似乎是由西方重建的 。
conclusion under 37°c and protected from light , the kinetics of no released from snp was significantly influenced by the construction and spatial structure of thiols .	结论在37°c和保护下 , np没有释放的动力学 , 通过建筑空间结构和空间结构对snp的影响显著 。
all kinds of shortages and regrets of the used motorcycle seatsaddle will be overcome by using " caiyun " special seatcover with the function of solarization and health protection .	利用 " 蔡云 " 特殊座位的功能 , 各种短期和遗憾使用摩托车座位的遗憾将被克服 。
this five essential factor conformity forms a system , the science operation can produce the good teaching results , this science operation also is the new time teaching innovation specific measures .	这个五个重要因素形成了一个系统 , 科学操作可以产生良好的教学结果 , 科学操作也是新时代教学创新的措施 。
after this colossal failure , batch stole the remnants of the forces attached to terror and fled to the outer rim territories in his personal imperialclass star destroyer .	经过这个殖民失败后 , 巴特将军队的叛逆转移到他的个人皇家星摧毁者的外部地区 。
from the plm sample , monitor collects the useful information , such as the number of ecr status inquiry transactions in one month , the number of ecrs by status , and so on .	从plm样本中 , 监测器收集了有用的信息 , 例如在一个月内的ecr状态检测事务 , 数量的ecr状态等 。
and jun han joint chiefs of staff chairman of the incident 49 minutes after receiving the report , when he was defense minister kim tae in 52 minutes after receiving the report .	接收报告后 , 韩国国国防部长金正在接收报告后49分钟的事故总理约约约翰在52分钟内接受了报告 。
the homebased care team consists of several nurses who jump into a small truck every morning and travel out to the community to tend to the health needs of the truly destitute2 .	基于家庭的护理团队由几个护士组成 , 他们每天早上跳进小卡车 , 走到社区 , 往往往往往是真正的命运2 。
the special sprinkling system of the body cleaner realizes the water spray with more than two states , thereby the body cleaning range and the body cleaning degree of the body cleaner are improved .	为了提高身体清洁剂的特殊渗透系统 , 实现了两个州内的水喷洒 , 使身体清洗范围和体清洁程度 , 提高了身体清洗程度 。
the scene of their arrival at the airport , with an aircraft landing on the runway and their cages taken out of the plane , was broadcast live on japan's public broadcaster nhk .	他们在机场的场景 , 有一架飞机在跑道上 , 他们的笼子从飞机上走出飞机 , 是日本公共广播的nhk 。
her hair , a golden lock of which had escaped , seemed very thick , but was severely concealed beneath an ugly , tight , close , nunlike cap , tied under the chin .	她的头发 , 一个金锁 , 逃脱了 , 似乎很厚 , 但很严重地隐藏在丑陋的下面 , 紧紧紧 , 紧紧紧紧紧 , nunlip , 下面的头发 。
out of the 150 businesses surveyed , twothirds reported that their groupon promotions were profitable–but the remaining third claimed to have lost money on their groupon experience .	在150家商业调查中 , 两分之一的调查显示 , 他们的团体推广是利润的 , 但其余三分之一则声称 , 他们的团体经历失去了钱 。
andy: yes . but qatar also can wear their silver medals with immense pride , it is really a dark horse , it beat iran in a nailbiting battle in the other semifinal .	安迪:是的 , 但是卡塔尔还可以穿着银牌 , 穿着很骄傲的 , 它真是一匹黑马 , 在另一半决赛中打败伊朗 。
some critics , judging the film by its trailers , accused mr . zhang of giving mr . damon a part that should have gone to an asian actor , a practice known as whitewashing .	一些批评家们指责张先生给亚洲演员 , 应该去亚洲演员 , 一个被称为白色的演员的实践 。
fortunately , concepts like extreme programming and agile development have made it possible to get a lot of these same benefits without an entire team of people whacking on your code .	幸运的是 , 比如极端程序和敏捷开发的概念 , 使得很多相同的利益 , 没有整个人在代码上取得了相同的效益 。
under the situation that matrix organize , study style organize and nonboundary organize have mushroomed today , our choice ought to be based on the given circumstance and target .	在现状下 , 基于矩阵组织、研究风格组织和非边界组织的情况下 , 我们的选择是基于给定的环境和目标的 。
the flavoring packet contains many spices , pork rib product and dehydrated spring onion . add some flavoring according to different tastes , the noodles will be delicious and fragrant .	香料包含许多香料 , 猪肉rib产品和脱水的春洋葱 , 根据不同的味道来添加一些香味 , 鼻子的味道会很好 。
this capricious double standard hurts the feelings of both liberals and the han people , and in addition , rides roughshod over academic conscience and distorts the true face of history .	此外 , 这种意识双重标准损害了自由主义和汉族的感觉 , 还有 , 在学术意识上骑着粗略 , 使历史的真正面临变化 。
this must never be , never whilst this existence continues ; and when time has enrolled us in the list of the departed , surely this friendship will survive to bear our identity to heaven .	这永远不一定是 , 永远不会这样的存在 , 而且当时 , 当然 , 这个朋友们就会生存在我们的身份中 , 我们的身份到天上 。
those under 36 love social networking via the mobile and expect to pay for it , however , younger adults expect mobile content—especially music and videos—to be free .	然而 , 在36个爱情社交网络中 , 人们希望通过手机支付 , 年轻人希望移动内容 , 特别是音乐和视频是免费的 。
the input analog signal is sampled at a very high frequency and the difference between two samplings is quantified to get digital signal , i . e . , sigmadelta code .	输入模拟信号在一个非常高频率下采样 , 两个样本之间的差异量化得到数字信号 , sigmadelta代码 。
for they are a bit like me , i think , without the altered i always have a successful , the personality is the reality , but i like a shadow , let me here , it is really pages of my mistakes ?	对我来说 , 就像我一样 , 我觉得没有改变 , 我总是有一个成功 , 个性是现实 , 但我喜欢一个阴影 , 让我 , 真的是我错误的吗 ?
after two decades , 95 percent of the elemental mercury on the surface of a filling had gone through a chemical reaction . it became betamercury sulfide , a blackcolored solid .	经过两十年之后 , 95%的元素汞在填充表面上经过化学反应 , 变成了硫化物 , 一个黑色的固体 。
car parks are located in the basement 1 for 18 park positions and there's an electrical room for emergency diesel generator and electrical devises added to four storages in this floor .	汽车公园位于18公园的位置 , 位于18公园的位置 , 为紧急柴油发电机和电器设备提供了四个储存 。
ustream , the live video streaming service that hit the mainstream recently thanks to a litter of shiba inu puppies , just announced watershed , a new whitelabel streaming video service .	ustream , 生活视频流动服务 , 最近感谢最近在hibau的一个小狗 , 只是宣布了水 , 一个新的白色的视频服务 。
main products:ac socket , circuit breaker , dc jack , digital switch , dip switch , emi filter , fuse holder , hook switch , key switch , micro switch , push swit...	主要产品:电路断路器、dcjack、数字开关、dip开关、电子滤波器、熔接器、钩开关、关键开关、微开关、推开关等 。
he has more than 10 years experience in digital media production , working with video , still images and sound . he travels extensively , pursuing longterm projects on social and environment issues .	他在数字媒体生产中有超过10年的经历 , 与视频工作 , 仍然是图片和声音 , 他在社会和环境问题上追求长期的项目 。
its race derived technology based on castrol's racing history and testing experience ensures optimum engine performance giving increased acceleration under the most arduous riding conditions .	基于卡斯托尔的竞争历史和测试经验 , 确保最佳发动机性能在最艰难的骑车条件下提高了加速率 。
the national average price for unleaded gas now tops the fourdollaragallon mark . the highest average prices are in states like alaska , california , connecticut and washington state .	目前 , 联合国气体的全国平均价格现在上涨了四美元的标志 , 最高的平均价格如阿拉斯加、加利福尼亚、连接和华盛顿州 。
however , because of the small size of nanosystems the ordinary external field must be viewed as strong field . that makes the conductivity formula considering nonlinear response very important .	然而 , 由于纳米体系的小尺寸一般的外场必须被视为强烈的领域 , 这使得非线性反应的导电公式十分重要 。
conclusion:a20 gene can protect the h2o2injured endothelial cells , and may pl ay a certain role in the prevention and treatment of diseases related to the ischemiareperfusion .	结论:a20基因可保护h2o2受伤的内皮细胞 , 可能在预防和治疗缺血性灌注的作用中添加一定的作用 。
a method for the determination of 1 , 4dioxane content in alcohol ether sulphates utilizing headspace gas chromatography is discribed . the factor of head space discussed .	论述了利用头空气相色谱法测定1 , 4-二氧化铁含量的方法 , 讨论了头空气相色谱的主要因素 。
so , dress up a warm romantic new home , a warm and overflowing the marriage bed , naturally become a priority among priorities , the traditional department store is on the bed , is so stir a pond .	所以 , 服装了一个温暖的浪漫新家 , 温暖 , 超越婚姻床 , 自然成为优先权之一 , 传统的部门在床上 , 是如此激烈的池塘 。
with the foundation and increase the frequency of atrial pacing was reduced atrioventricular node conduction is based on the frequency filtering effect of other physiological phenomena to explain .	根据其它生理学现象的频率 , 通过基础上 , 降低了室内节点的频率 , 提高了室内节点的频率 , 降低了其它生理现象的频率 。
if you frequently check with particular collections of rules , you might wish to combine them in your own ruleset file , as shown in listing 2 . this rule set imports the basic , naming , and design rules	如果您经常检查特定的规则集合 , 您可能希望在自己的规则文件中结合它们 , 如清单2.这个规则集合进口 , 命名和设计规则 。
a policeman escorts a greenpeace member dressed as a whale during a protest march against the special meeting of the international whaling commission in tokyo february 14 , 2007 .	2007年2月14日 , 一名警察员在东京的特别会议中编制了一名绿色太空成员穿着鲸鱼 。
consolidating the existing foodstuff market could remain long and steady export of foodstuff . using comparative advantage solves the problem of the balance of supply and demand of china's foodstuff .	巩固现有的食品市场 , 可以保持长期和稳定的出口 , 利用比较优势解决我国食品的供应平衡和需求的问题 。
bridge concrete cracks on the types and causes of railway policy of the provisional construction of high bridge pier cracks in the control and preventive measures were analyzed and summarized .	总结了高桥桥梁混凝土裂缝对高桥桥梁裂缝的规范建设和防治措施进行了分析和总结 。
to prevent and resolve traderights groups , the incident must be expanded citizen participation , reform of the governance structure of the industry , the interests of consensusbuilding mechanism .	为了防止和解决贸易者群体 , 必须扩大公民参与 , 改革治理结构 , 共同建设机制的利益 。
in addition to the north yin feng all , six absolute being temples , with some strong dwell for rest of high mountain river , the hell exerts drive ten palace gentleman the king divide .	除了北阴凤之外 , 六只绝对是寺庙 , 还有一些很强的dwell为其余的高山河 , 地狱驱动了十个宫殿的绅士 。
objective to study the microanatomy of trigeminal ganglion region and clinical value of robot casr2 assisted system in percutaneous controlled radiofrequency rhizomy for trigeminal neuralgia .	目的探讨机器人casr2辅助系统三明治区和临床价值及其临床价值 。
shapes and symmetry . go wild . piece together the sticky lines and watch zany picture puzzles come to life while you learn proportion , matching , scale and symmetry .	形状和对称性 。 黄金 。 一起 , 一起 , 粘贴线 , 观看zany图片在你学习比例、匹配、尺寸和对称性的时候 , 就会出现生命 。
until oil and gas made it rich , beginning in the 1960s , this tiny , scalding , pancakeflat peninsula scarcely boasted a settled population , let alone a town of any size .	直到石油和气体变得丰富 , 开始于20世纪60年代 , 这个小型 , 规模化 , 胰岛平坦的半岛大小 , 让独立一个城镇 。
another view is that mrs thatcher was , as mr cameron now puts it , a " revolutionary but also a gradualist " , who achieved her aims cautiously , often without advertising them in advance .	另外一个观点是 , 斯切尔先生现在就像卡梅隆先生那样 , 一个 " 革命主义 " , 还有一个梯度主义 , 她的目标经常没有广告他们的进步 。
after his retirement in 1991 , he maintained a low profile , despite being garlanded with awards . he is survived by his wife , the highly acclaimed beijing opera singer jiang ying .	在1991年退休之后 , 他保持了一个较低的概念 , 尽管他被他妻子生存 , 高度声称北京剧歌手jangying 。
the figure was even higher for the world's most popular networking site , facebook , where members spent 20 . 5 billion minutes , up 566 percent from 3 . 1 percent the previous year , according to the study .	研究显示 , 世界上最流行的网络网站 , facebook , 成员花了205亿分钟 , 从前一年的3.1%上升了56% 。
in a particularly vicious critique of socalled smectymnuus , an anonymous anglican opponent attacked not only these six presbyterian ministers but attacked milton as well .	特别是 , 所谓的sctmynuuus , 一个匿名的anglican对手攻击不仅是这些六名预防部长 , 而且攻击了milton 。
for an unknown reason , sometime after his promotion to grand admiral , he was situated in the royal palace of theed on the planet naboo where he assisted in the training of elite imperial pilots .	对于一个未知的原因而言 , 有时候他向祖母推广后 , 他坐在皇室的地球上 , 在那里他帮助在精英帝国飞行员训练中帮助 。
banks maintain separate entrances formen and women , starbucks restricts women from its openair balcony and mcdonald's makesmen and women queue separately for its burgers .	银行保持独立的进口形成和女性 , 星巴克从开放的平衡和mcdonald的女性独立限制了女性的男性和女性队列 。
the electron's going to come out of that highest occupied atomic orbital , that one that's the highest in energy , because that's going to be the at least amount of energy it needs to eject something .	电子的电子将会出现最高的原子轨道 , 这是能量最高的 , 因为这将是最高的能量 , 因为这将是最低的能量 。
when my love comes and sits by my side , when my body trembles and my eyelids droop , the night darkens , the wind blows out the lamp , and the clouds draw veils over the stars .	当我爱的时候 , 我的身边坐着 , 当我身边的时候 , 我的眼睛滴下来 , 夜黑暗 , 风吹出灯 , 云在明星上 。
" i am here to tell you that being bad is , and hopefully will always be , bad for business in google’s search results , " wrote amit singhal , google fellow , in a blog post .	" 我在这里告诉你 , 是坏的 , 希望永远会是 , 谷歌的搜索结果不好 , " 谷歌的新华 , 谷歌的同胞在博客上写道 。
shiro nakamura , nissan's chief creative officer , said the studio would “enhance our product competitiveness in china and asia , where the automotive industry continues to see robust growth” .	尼桑的首席创作官hironakamura说 , 这个研究室将 " 提高我们的产品竞争力 " , 在中国和亚洲 , 汽车产业继续看到鲁棒的增长 。
when you use this erm , please carefully break open the ampoule at the neck and pipette 10ml from the ampoule into 250 ml volumetric flask and bring to volume by purified water .	当您使用这个装置时 , 请仔细地打开在脖子上 , 然后从ampett10毫升到250毫升的体积平板 , 用纯化的水把ampette打开 。
" we can no longer see hoards only as piggy banks , " says kevin leahy , an authority on anglosaxon history who was entrusted with the task of cataloging the staffordshire treasure .	" 我们不再能看到 , 只是像皮吉银行一样的保护 , " 基文·莱恩说 , 他在格洛萨克逊历史上被信任的任务 。
by analyzing different hyperon decay processes , we derive the general formula for the decay contributions of heavier hyperons to hyperon production rates and finalstate hyperon polarizations .	通过分析不同的超元衰退过程 , 给出了重量超元生产率和最后的超元极化公式的一般公式 。
most local anaesthetics used clinically are relatively hydrophobic molecules that gain access to their blocking site on the sodium channel by diffusing into or through the cell membrane .	大多数地方美学家都使用临床上是相对的水理分子 , 通过扩散到或通过细胞膜来获得它们的阻塞网站 。
the results of 81 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced concrete beams and 66 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced scc beams are used to determine the coefficients in models .	采用81例加强钢筋纤维加强混凝土梁和66个试验加固钢纤维加强sc梁的试验结果 , 测定了模型中存在的系数 。
the site also uses a custom version of the open source blogging server apache roller weblogger version 4 . 0 . 0 . 12 , mysqltm database server , and memcached .	网站还使用了一个自定义版本 , 开源blogging服务器apachelollerweblogger版本4.0.0.0.12 , mysqltm数据库服务器和memememech 。
the bizarre looking 600m tall building , selfsufficient in water and energy , was thought up by belgian designer vincent callebaut and would be based on roosevelt island in new york .	比萨尔望着600万高的建筑 , 自足的水和能量 , 被贝尔吉亚设计师维利亚·卡尔利巴特的设计者认为 , 将基于纽约的罗斯福岛 。
" box " still stick gave albumen of this farinaceous collagen to dissolve the appearance in water , it is better to tell everybody this product and yoghurt drink flavour together .	" 箱子 " 仍然坚持这个面临的胶原 , 以解决出现的出现 , 更好地告诉大家这个产品和瑜伽饮料一起 。
given its effects on nociception and muscle contraction , botulinum appears to be an attractive agent in the prophylaxis against chronic daily headache or tensiontype headache .	给出了其对抗慢性日常头痛或紧张型头痛的影响 , 瓶颈炎似乎是一种吸引剂 。
if these parenting behaviors were placed on a weight scale sidebyside , what would the results be in determining how you fare in building healthy selfesteem vs . low selfesteem in your children ?	如果这些父母的行为被放置在一个重量的侧面 , 那么你将确定如何在你孩子中建立健康的自尊vs.低自尊度 ?
" he said that the time is the biggest problem , the central authorities to the general principle that local governments have tabled specific criteria , and thus the " classification " can not be evaded .	" 他说 , 时间是最大的问题 , 中央当局对当地政府的一般原则 , 因此 " 分类 " 无法避免 。
this falsecolor image above , of the grand canyon , displays the fractal pattern created by the colorado river over millions of years . red indicates areas of vegetation in the image .	上面 , 这个虚拟分辨率图像 , 其中大峡谷 , 显示了由科罗拉拉多河所创造的分形模式 , 红色显示了图像中的植物区域 。
recently unearthed fossils trace whales to a doglike predecessor of hoofed planteaters , and genetic analysis has identified hippos as whales' closest living relatives .	近年来 , 近年来 , 未有的化石追踪到一只狗类似的预处理器 , 遗传分析发现鲸鱼最近生活的相对性 。
a threedimensional organization chart built from reinforced concrete , where each classroom or workshop occupies a differentiated volume , allows the acronyms to be seen from the entire yard .	一个从加强混凝土建立的三维组织图表 , 每个教室或工作室占有不同的体积 , 允许全院看到的环境 。
the " philosophical counseling " and " philosophical counseling movement " developed in the late twentieth century are influencing people as an emerging discipline in the age of globalization .	二十世纪末期的 " 哲学咨询 " 和 " 哲学咨询运动 " 正在影响人们作为全球化时代的出现学科 。
compared with available envelopes , the standard envelope makes it possible for people to write post codes in standard number mode and for the post office worker to raise letter sorting efficiency .	与可用的封闭相比 , 标准封闭使人们能够在标准数字模式中写邮件代码 , 并为后台工作人员提高信的效率 。
products there are various specifications of water beads , nanyang beads , freshwater pearls , beads , semihole loose beads , 3 / 4 loose pearl beads and finished jewelry .	产品有各种规格的水珠 , 南阳珠 , 新鲜水珠 , 珠珠 , 半孔松珠 , 3/4松梨珠和玉米 。
the architectural spirit is to improve technique , the ecology , efficiency and economy ore foe responsibility and obligation undertaken by architects in architecture designs .	建筑精神是通过建筑师设计中提高技术、生态、效率、经济效率、经济轨道的责任和责任 。
on the basis of mass borehole data , the paper analyzed middle jurassic coalbearing strata distributing features , coalbearing property , coalforming period in the yining basin .	根据质量波孔数据 , 分析了中侏罗煤层分布特征、煤层分布特征、煤层属性、煤层组成期 。
as an example , maximum trajectory optimization was applied on a twostage ballistic missile , and a comparison of original and optimal trajectories was presented with figures and tables .	作为一种实例 , 采用两阶球导弹的最大轨迹优化方法 , 给出了一种基于数字和表的原始和最优轨迹的比较 。
the fundamental reason that this is an open source project , and not a closedsource secret bit of technology , is that we have no interest in being in the business of selling or supporting it .	这是一个开源项目的基本原因 , 而非关闭的资源部门 , 就是我们没有兴趣销售或支持它的业务 。
some of the species are flooded and vanished during the flood season . only some tall grasses survive with high tolerance of submergence . the dominant species belong to gramineae and cyperaceae .	一些物种在洪水季节洪水中被洪水淹没 , 只有一些高草生存 , 它们的主要物种属于草坪和草坪 。
and they caught every one his fellow by the head , and thrust his sword in his fellow's side ; so they fell down together: wherefore that place was called helkathhazzurim , which is in gibeon .	他们每个人都被头部抓住了 , 把他的剑倒在他的同胞的旁边 , 所以他们一起倒下来 , 所以这里被称为 " 赫尔卡扎伊 " 的地方 。
we describe a consecutive series of patients with unruptured ias treated by a neurosurgeon initiating a dedicated cerebrovascular practice in the " endovascular era . "	我们描述了一系列未经破坏的ias患者 , 通过神经外科医生在 " 内血管时代开始治疗的神经外科手术治疗的患者 。
the imbalance of public goods supplied by the government for cities and countryside has already become the deepleveled cause which influences narrowing the gap between urban and rural areas .	由于政府和农村地区的公共货物的不平衡 , 已经成为影响城市和农村地区的深层原因 。
pass rightness and side to pass in and out a bottle of cage pusher driven by hydraulic power hydraulic system to carry on analysis and point out original the hydraulic system existence of problem .	通过正确性和侧向 , 通过液压液压液压系统驱动 , 指出了原始的液压系统存在的问题 。
“foreign critics would look at today’s data and argue for stronger yuan gains , ” said ben simpfendorfer , a hong kongbased economist at royal bank of scotland plc .	" 因此 , 国外批评家们将在今天的数据和更强的元收益 , " 香港经济学家博士说 。
bank of china , for example , says its ratio was a healthy 11 . 6% at the end of september , and that number was lower than those for the other two big four banks whose shares are publicly traded .	例如 , 中国银行的比例是9月底的11.6% , 9月底 , 另外两家大银行的比例比例下降了11.6% 。
in this paper , we propose a new algorithm based on subaperture and filtered backprojection algorithm to estimate the anisotropy of objects scattering centers in wideaperture imaging .	本文提出了一种基于亚适应和过滤后注射算法的新算法 , 估计了广泛适应成像中心的对象散射中心的对象散射中心 。
when i was a child growing up in north dakota , my mother cooked bacon for her five children . when it was done , she pulled the hot strips out of the pan and set them on a paper towel to drain .	当我正在北达科塔的一个孩子成长时 , 我母亲为她的五个孩子做了烹饪袋 , 她把热带从锅里拉出来 , 把他们放在纸巾上 。
constraints between rolling section and surface grade in a plan unit and impacts due to temperature of discharging , finishing milling and coiling are considered in the practice in hot rolling factory .	由于排放温度、完成磨削和覆盖在热轧厂实践中 , 考虑了轧制部件与表面级之间的约束 。
one $9 billion lawsuit asserts that hsbc twice hired kpmg , an accounting firm , to probe mr madoff , but that the bank failed to act when concerns were raised .	一个价值9亿美元的法律顾问 , hsbc两次雇佣kpmg , 一个会计公司 , 探讨madof先生 , 但是当关注的时候 , 银行不能执行 。
instead of waiting listlessly for news from london or piecing out from his mother's gossip some country tragedy of love and jealousy , here , in a few pages , the whole story was laid before him .	除了等待伦敦的消息 , 还是从母亲的爱情和嫉妒 , 在这里 , 整个故事在他之前 , 还是在他身边拍出来 。
business for o’hara brothers , he had visited augusta , a hundred miles up the savannah river , and he had traveled inland far enough to visit the old towns westward from that city .	奥哈拉兄弟的业务 , 他曾经访问奥斯塔 , 一百英里的沙瓦纳河 , 他已经旅行了在这座城市的西部城市 。
the investigation and identification results to the virus varieties of pepper virus disease in shaanxi showed that cmv , tmv , pvy , tev and bbwv had been found , part of them are mixinfection .	研究结果表明 , 陕西省各种pper病毒病毒的病毒病毒病毒病毒的病毒病毒病毒、电视、电视、电视、电视、电视和bbbwv的一部分是混合感染 。
lax conditions at the 19th century prison , where one mafia godfather is reported to have celebrated his birthday with champagne and lobster , have earned it the nickname “the grand hotel” .	据报道 , 在19世纪的监狱里 , 一个马菲亚的父亲被报道 , 曾经与香槟和洛布斯特庆祝他的生日 , 已经获得了 " 大酒店 " 的名字 。
since the execution of " temporary method of administrating security funds " in 1997 . 11 , our security funds had got rapid development , had obtained the excellent result in short time .	自1997.11年 " 暂时管理安全基金 " 的执行以来 , 我国安全基金已经迅速发展 , 获得了较好的结果 。
a town of western india eastnortheast of bombay . founded in1610 it is near the site of a mausoleum erected by aurangzeb in honor of his empress . population 284607 .	印度东北部一城市 , 成立于1610年 , 位于印度东北部的一座马索罗列 , 位于他的皇帝荣誉 , 人口284607 。
in addition to the main course selection , the pony club offers a selection of tapas which reflect mediterranean and seafood influences such as oysters , salmon and prawn fritters .	除了主要的课程选择之外 , 波尼俱乐部提供了一种反映中海和海鲜食品的选择 , 例如奥斯特斯特、萨尔蒙和普莱恩·弗里特 。
another witness , yuri , who did not give his last name , told russia’s staterun first channel tv that the shock wave was strong enough to throw him to the floor and blow his hat away .	另外一个证据说 , 欧里还没有给他最后一个名字 , 告诉俄罗斯州的第一个通道电视说 , 震浪很强 , 把他扔到地板上 , 把他的帽子吹去 。
israel says its troops only used their pistols after they were attacked , and released a video showing soldiers in riot gear descending from a helicopter into a crowd of men with sticks and clubs .	以色列人说 , 只有在攻击之后使用他们的手枪 , 并发布了一个视频显示军队 , 从直升机到一个直升机的男性和俱乐部 。
total 59 japonic rice lines from 9 ecotypes were used as materials in this study , and main quality characters of f1 hybrids of 303 combinations created in a diallel set of cross were analysed .	利用9种生态类型的日本稻米总量为59种 , 分析了f1混合物的主要质量特性 , 并对其中303种混合物进行了分析 。
ruth freed , an anthropologist who worked in india , found that indian families living in chandigarh modified their apartments by using curtains to separate the men's and women's spaces .	俄罗斯·弗雷德是印度工作的一个人道学家 , 发现印度人住在查德加尔的房子里 , 用曲线来分离男性和女性的空间 。
in addition to the problem of underinvestment , who’s director of mental health and substance abuse , shekhar saxena , says low and middleincome countries have very few mental health professionals .	此外 , 除了理解问题外 , 他的心理健康和物质负责人谢哈哈·萨克森纳说 , 低收入国家有很少精神健康专业人员 。
for example , the question of the relative merits of programming languages often degenerates into a religious war , because so many programmers identify as x programmers or y programmers .	例如 , 程序语言相对合并的问题往往会变成宗教战争 , 因为许多程序员确定为x程序员或y程序员 。
a white student posing as a study participant makes a racist comment about a black participant when he briefly leaves the room . the remarks ranges from moderate to extreme racial slurs .	白人学生作为一个研究参与者 , 他简单地讲述了一个黑人参与者的评论 , 当他离开房间时 , 显示出来自现代的极端种族污染 。
conclusion the suture of only superficial subcutaneous fat as well as putting rubber drainages in the abdominal incision is a simple and effective way to prevent lipoliquefaction for obese patients .	结论在腹部切除术中 , 只有足够的超急性脂肪的成功 , 同时给予腹部切除术中的橡胶排水是一种简单的有效的方法 , 以防止肥胖患者的脂肪效果 。
conclusion: body temperature change is an important factor that influences oxygen supply and oxygen demand at different npt , but the cerebral imbalance during rewarming time needs special attention .	结论:体温变化是影响不同的npt氧气供应和氧气需求的重要因素 , 但在温暖时期的脑温度变化是影响氧气供应和氧的重要因素 。
beijing police are expected to intervene in domestic violence as legislators mull an amendment to the law on protection of the rights and interests of women , beijing daily said saturday .	北京日报日报称 , 北京警方预计将在国内暴力中互动 , 作为法律师穆尔将对妇女权利保护和利益保护法律进行修正 。
the results showed that pentosanase improved obviously dough rheology and the processing technology of soybean dietary fiber biscuit . optimal additional range of pentosanase was determined .	研究结果表明 , 大豆饮食纤维biit的加工工艺明显提高 , 大豆饮食纤维biit的工艺 , 测定了五烷酶的优化范围 。
fitch said greek banks' operations in southeast europe and turkey add revenue diversification , but this comes from more volatile economies , some of which also experienced recessionary pressures .	fitch说 , 希腊银行在东南欧和土耳其增加了多样化 , 但这来自于更多的火山经济 , 一些也经历了衰退压力 。
in river tracing , swimming meets rock climbing and orienteering meets outdoor survival . with so many skills in play , an expedition team is only as strong as its individual members .	在河道追踪中 , 游泳会遇到岩石攀登 , 面向室外的幸存 , 很多技能在游戏中 , 一个例外团队只是强壮的个人成员 。
bilberry is a close relative of the blueberry and is known for its dark purple color . bilberry naturally contains anthocyanosides and helps to support healthy eye function .	比尔伯里是蓝莓的亲戚 , 被称为黑色紫色 , 自然含有甲醇 , 帮助支持健康的眼睛功能 。
there's no question about it: microsoft has a hit on its hands with windows 7 . even in beta form , the company's new desktop os is garnering accolades from all corners of the blogosphere .	毫无疑问:微软与windows7.即使在beta形式的手上有点击 , 公司的新桌面os正在从博客学家的角度来接受 。
tired of canned and predictable answers like " i am a hard worker " and " i am thrilled by the new opportunity to learn " at job interviews ? you should consider asking oddball questions .	疲倦的回答 , 如 " 我是一个艰苦的工人 " , " 我是由新机会学习 " 的 " 工作采访 " 的 , 你应该考虑问odball问题 。
fengyou 54 , is a new indica hybrid rice combination , developed by taizhou agricultural research academy of zhejian province and linhai seed station of zhejian province .	丰瑜54是浙江省太州农业研究院和林海市林海种子站的一种新型杂交稻组合 , 是浙江省台州农业研究院开发的一种新型地区 。
we're asking the question , taking s2 as given , what s1 maximizes this expression and as the gentleman at the back said , i'm going to differentiate and then i'm going to set the thing equal to 0 .	我们要求这个问题 , 将s2作为给出 , s1最大化这个表达 , 作为gentleman的表达式 , 我将会识别 , 然后我将设置等于0.0 。
trying to shift gears from his major , yu spent much of his fourth year in college preparing for the entrance exam for a humanresources graduate degree at renmin university .	试图从他的主要角度转变齿轮 , 你花了许多四年的时间在学校准备进入考试的人力资源大学毕业生的学位 。
deficiency is the psychological description is overmuch , can be in action , rub depictions of some more , in addition , can also add environment description , this article will look more vivid .	缺陷是心理描述的概念 , 可以在操作、rub描述的作用下 , 另外 , 还可以添加环境描述 , 本文将看起来更多的vivivid 。
as a professional cable manufacturer , kingsignal's products mainly serve mobile communication , digital microwave communication , aerospace , multimedia and milit .	作为一家专业的电缆制造商 , 国王信号的产品主要为移动通信、数字微波通信、航空、多媒体和军事服务 。
5 p . m . explore the cultural melting pot of chungking mansions on tsim sha tsui's nathan road , the setting for another wong karwai movie , " chungking express " .	五月五日 , 探讨了tsimshshsui的南极道路的文化融化熔池 , 建立了另一部长城卡尔瓦夷电影 , " 启动表达 " 。
after treatment , life signs of subjects were stable and the metabolic support was obvious , which indicated:the bioartificial liver support system which we constructed was safe , stable and efficient .	治疗后 , 研究结果表明:我们建立的生物官方肝支持系统安全、稳定、稳定、有效的生物官方肝支持体系 。
similarly , on the left , a lack of visibility into the real metrics that motivates the corporation means that the change effort will never be able to factually prove success to the policy makers .	同样 , 在左边 , 缺乏可见性 , 激励公司的实际性意味着 , 改变努力将永远不能证明政策制造商的成功 。
a wet phosphoric acid purifying extractor descaling method includes: a first step , using hotwater for soaking and extracting organic solvent in the scale , and then emptying hot water ;	湿磷酸净化提取物的方法包括:第一步 , 利用热水浸泡和提取有机溶剂 , 然后空气热水 ;
most of our products designs are based on classic lines of antique pieces from 16th century european and other eras , and can be modified and combined to individual client's desire and lifestyle .	大多数产品的设计是基于16世纪欧洲和其他eras的古典线路 , 可以修改并联合个人客户的欲望和生活方式 。
cai yuanpei is a great thinker , educator and revolutionary . from his thoughts , words and behaviors , we can know his great mind , a philosopher's character and a great man's demeanor .	蔡元北是一位伟大的思想家 , 教育家和革命家 。 从他的思想、词和行为中 , 我们可以知道他的伟大心、哲学家的角色和伟大的男性 。
the advantages of hengshui lake to develop ecotourism are environment , plants , wildlife , history and culture . we must also notice some problems . firstly , pay attention to overall distribution .	河水湖发展生态旅游的优势是环境、植物、野生动物、历史和文化 , 我们也必须注意到一些问题 , 首先 , 注意整体分布 。
double strands rna produced posttranscriptional gene silencing technique is being used to alter the relative proportion of the major fatty acids present in oil plants .	采用双带rna技术对油植物中存在的主要脂肪酸的相对比例进行改变 。
china continues to be the world's 2nd largest economy in q3 , with the gdp of $1 . 42 trillion , compared with japan's $1 . 37 trillion , people's daily online reported monday .	据周一报道 , 中国继续成为世界上2个最大的经济体 , 与日本的1.42万亿美元相比 , 与日本的1.37亿美元相比 , 中国仍然是世界上最大的经济体 。
the national antiterrorism committee says special forces killed 2 militants and detainees and detained rather a third person during a raid in a town on the outskirts of moscow .	民族反恐委员会说 , 特殊部队杀死了2名军事和拘留者 , 并且在莫斯科郊外的第三个人 。
results a typical pattern of morphological changes of motoneuron apoptosis in the anterior horn of spinal cord was observed by both tunel staining and electron microscopy .	结果采用隧道染色和电子显微镜观察了脊髓前角形态变化的典型模式 。
methods: categorize 164 sufferers , carry on rehabilitation education , psychological persuasion talk entertainment activity and various psychology support respectively .	方法:分别对164名患者进行重建教育、心理劝说娱乐活动、各种心理学支持 。
finally , has analyzed zhai yongming the poetry writing life significance , had demonstrated the poet can realize the reason which the feminine angle of view surmounted and its be valuable .	最后 , 分析了赵永明的诗歌写作意义 , 展示了诗歌的意义 , 可以实现观点的女性角度和其价值的原因 。
these banks aggressively peddled loans to the finance ministers of poorer countries suffering from balance of payment difficulties , acute unemployment , and consequent internal unrest .	这些银行积极推动贷款到贫困国家的财政部长 , 受到资金困难、急性失业和后来的内部失业 。
under the infuence of magnetic field , anp can deposit in the target area at large degree , as a result , the density of anp in the nontarget area can be decreased significantly ;	在磁场的影响下 , ap可以在大程度上存储在目标区域 , 因此 , 非目标区的密度可明显降低 ;
passes through from the multiple perspectives slow motion playbacking evidence collection , the leeway which styles had already not quibbled , he prepares to the niu card aspect to apologize .	通过多个角度来自多个角度的运动缓慢 , 反映证据收集 , 这种风格已经不停止 , 他准备好准备对niu卡的进展进行探讨 。
the main source of water pollution in qujiang river basin comes from domestic wastewater , then nonpoint source pollution is also important , and the water pollution from industry contribute little .	四江盆地水污染主要来源于国内废水 , 然后非点源污染也很重要 , 产业污染的水污染也很少 。
this paper attempts to seek the cultural root for the militarists' thought on peace by analyzing the influence exerted by confucianism , taoism , mohism and other schools of thinking .	本文试图通过对儒家、道教、道教等思维的影响分析 , 探讨军事主义思想的文化根源 。
in the experimental group a repaired tissues represented hyaline , smooth and flat . chondrocytes in the zones of integrating with peripheral native cartilages were more mature .	在实验组中 , 一种修复的组织代表了水平、平滑、平滑、平滑的组织 , 周围土壤的环境细胞比较成熟 。
to investigate the relationship between iop in vertebral body and pulmonary fat embolism , and the relationship between cement injection velocity and pmma leakage into epidural space in pvp .	为了探讨椎体和肺脂肪栓塞的关系 , 水泥注射速度和pmma泄漏之间的关系 。
troy , mich . , 12 aug . 2007 . bae systems demonstrated a prototype common modular power system at the national defense industrial association's power and energy symposium .	troy , 2007年8月12日在国家防御工业协会的权力和能源协会中展示了一个常见的原型模块电力系统 。
a delegation from the stateowned chinese company , china metallurgical group corporation , visited the site of a copper mine in aynak , a former alqaeda stronghold southeast of kabul , in 2007 .	2007年 , 中国冶金集团参观了一家铜矿的代表 , 来自中国国有公司 , 中国冶金集团公司的代表 。
this stateoftheart , fastacting treatment speeds fresher , healthylooking skin cells to the surface with 3 times more of the nonacid skin refinisher of our previous formula .	这种状态最高 , 快速的治疗速度快 , 治疗速度快 , 健康的皮肤细胞到表面 , 表面3倍以前的公式的非酸皮肤精制剂 。
how cool was the welcome of a tall glass of iced green mint in the shady room , to heads ringing with colors and the cymbals of the sunl outside were the sea and the road burning with dust .	如何冷却 , 欢迎在沙蒂房间的冰绿色的玻璃 , 向外面带着色彩 , 阳光的外面是海外的圆形 , 沿着尘埃的道路燃烧 。
clinton downplayed reported splits within the libyan rebel movement , and hailed what she said was the first “natoarab alliance” providing military and political support for antigaddafi forces .	克林顿在利比亚叛乱运动中发表了报告 , 哈尔哈利斯说她是第一次 " 纳拉伯联盟 " 提供军事和政治支持 。
by the time of lbj's " great society " etc . , a " liberal " was someone who claimed glory for raiding the treasury and spending other people's money " liberally " to buy votes .	由于lbj的 " 伟大的社会 " 等 , 一个 " 自由 " 的 " 等 , 有人声称荣耀 , 投资其他人民自由 " 的资金 , 自由购买投票 。
created by microsoft cofounder paul allen , who has committed $500 million since its start in 2003 , the allen institute has assembled a lessdetailed human brain atlas of its own .	自2003年开始以来 , 由微软基金会创建的保罗·艾伦 , 自2003年开始以来 , 艾伦学院已经组成了一个较少的详细的人类大脑阿拉斯 。
" at the end of the day , settlements and peace are two parallel tracks . israel cannot have settlements and peace at the same time , " said negotiator saeb erekat , speaking for the palestinians .	巴勒斯坦人说: " 日底 , 沉降和平是两个平行轨道 , 以色列不能在同时解决和平 。 "
" no , " said the old woman , " there is only one way in the world , and it is so difficult that you will never redeem them . you must remain silent for twelve whole years , neither speaking nor laughing .	" 不 , " 老妇人说 , " 世界上只有一个途径 , 很难让你永远不会重新发出来 , 你一定要沉默二十年 , 不管怎么笑 。
a veritable orgy of artistic fertility , the open goat welcomes all comers to take part in a fully democratic , spontaneous , feverish and potentially lifealtering collective improvisation .	开放山羊欢迎所有商人参加全民主、自然、热情、潜在的生活改革 。
the chatham house study , released today , says that illegal logging has dropped by between 50 and 75% across cameroon , indonesia and the brazilian amazon over the last decade ;	今天发布的chtham房子研究显示 , 非法调查已经下降了50%和75%的在印尼、印尼和巴西亚的亚马逊之间的50%和75% ;
those who take it promise to stay together for better or for worse , for richer or for poorer , in sickness and in health , to honour and to cherish , forsaking all others , until death do us part .	那些承诺在一起保持更好或更糟糕的人们 , 为了更糟糕的或更糟糕的 , 疾病和健康 , 为了荣誉和珍惜 , 直到死亡 , 直到死亡 。
beijing , jan . 17 budapest , 15 midnight local time , xinhua , the hungarian capital budapest , a crowded disco nightclub stampede , killing three women died .	北京 , 17年1月17日 , 15日中午的当地时间 , 新华 , 匈牙利资本预算最高 , 一个人群的迪奥·晚上站 , 杀死了三个女性死亡 。
to read more , including information on who can legally represent you if you choose to hire an immigration representative , check out cic’s web pages on immigration representatives .	为了阅读更多的情况 , 包括对那些法律代表的信息 , 如果你选择雇佣移民代表 , 检查cic的移民页面的移民代表 。
the practice features of marxist philosophy's rejection of metaphysics contains intrinsically the orientation of criticism and construction and is the practical solution to the basic...	马克思主义哲学拒绝物理的实践特点 , 内在是批评与建设的定位 , 是实际解决方案 。
the system studied in this paper not only can show fold and fault , but also can apply gis function . this paper analyzes the data structure of automatic generating geologic profile and fold and fault .	本文研究的系统不仅可以显示出折叠和故障 , 还可以应用gis函数 , 分析了自动生成地质概念和折叠的数据结构 。
from a new perspective , the authors put forward a multiple features based analytical approach for remotely sensed imagery to overcome the limitation of the pixelbased analytical approach .	从新视角出发 , 提出了一种基于遥感图像的多个特点 , 以克服pixel的分析方法的限制 。
description: society has entered the peak period of automotive growth , car owner in his car to spend more and more time , air pollution from vehicle to endanger people's health can not be ignored .	描述:社会已经进入了汽车增长的峰值时期 , 汽车主人在车上花了更多的时间 , 从汽车到危险人民的健康不能忽视 。
the dpph radical scavenging activities , the reducing powers , the amount of total phenolic compounds , the inhibitory effect on hydroxyl radical and superoxide anion radical o .	dpph激光活性 , 降低功率 , 总磷化合物量 , 抑制氢基辐射和超氧化氢离子辐射的抑制作用 。
furthermore , cabot has also introduced other advanced products to china , including masterbatch , conductive compound , inkjet colorant , aerogel and specialty drilling fluid .	此外 , 骆驼还引入了中国其他先进产品 , 包括主浆、导电化合物、墨水化合物、气凝胶和特殊钻井液 。
but could a smart grid or precision farming , in which the machines inform each other and make subsequent decisions , significantly reduce energy use and , thus , greenhouse gas pollution ?	然而 , 可以一个聪明的网格或精确的农场 , 在那里 , 机器通知 , 使后来决策 , 明显减少能源利用 , 因此 , 温室气体污染 ?
the task " find and view patient record " may be used by most of the organization , whereas the task " create and update patient record " may be used only by the admission and front desk staff .	这个任务 " 找到和看病人记录 " 可能是由大多数组织所使用的 , 而且任务是 " 创建和更新患者记录 " 可能只是通过承认和前面桌面员工使用 。
the main shortcoming of range finding technique with structural light is that it is unable to obtain the data of points which are sightless by pickup camera or can't be illuminated by light source .	基于结构光线的不足是 , 利用光源来获得无光照相机或光源不能被光源照明的点数据 。
the file doclet . toc . xml is referenced as being the table of contents for this plugin ; this file will provide the data for the hierarchical information in the left pane of the eclipse help window .	文件doclet.toc.xml被引用为该插件的内容表 , 这个文件将为eclipse左面的层次信息提供数据 。
many privacypreserving algorithms for data mining has been proposed including association rules , classification , clustering and so on , but few algorithms are for outlier detection .	针对数据挖掘的许多隐私存储算法 , 提出了相关规则、分类规则、聚类、聚类算法等 , 但几种算法是为外检测 。
they found that when women and men work on a number of simple tasks such as searching for a key or doing easy maths problems at the same time , the women significantly outperformed the men .	他们发现 , 当女性和男性在很多简单的任务上工作时 , 比如搜索一个关键或做数学问题时 , 女性同时也显著地表现出男性 。
nor can mr edano count on support from a block of 129 lawmakers , allied to mr ozawa , who voted against mr kan's appointment as party leader last week .	上个星期 , 埃德诺先生也不能支持129名法律制造商的支持 , 联合到奥萨瓦先生投票反对肯先生的任命 。
improved routine immunization: partnerships focused on reducing diseases like polio and measles are also helping build a stronger foundation for the delivery of both new and existing vaccines .	提高路由免疫功能:合作关系集中在减少政治和措施等疾病 , 同时也有助于建立新的和现有疫苗交付更强的基础 。
a spokesman for sierra leonean president ernest bai koroma , who is among the heads of state representing the west african alliance , said gbagbo's exit is nonnegotiable .	gbagbo的出口是非可谈判的国家首席执行官贝·科尔马说 , 西非联盟的发言人 , 塞尔拉莱昂总统的发言人 。
education may not be essential for this career , but you can get a foot in the door while bettering your prospects for advancement with basic training in an automotive and diesel technology program .	教育不可能是本职业生涯的必要性 , 但你可以在门里获得足够的 , 更好地在汽车和柴油技术的基本培训前景 。
for the replacement of fitness gold card , please submit this form to the card issuing office through the district leisure services offices or sports centres of this department and pay a fee of $25 .	为了更换适合金牌 , 请通过区域休闲服务办公室或运动中心提交卡表格 , 通过该部门的25美元 。
dahongpao pepper to " big spike and more grains , meat , thickskinned rich , bright color , rich flavor , taste ma moderate " and has long " chinese name law " reputation .	大中paopepper " 大西班牙 , 肉 , 肉 , 厚厚 , 鲜亮的颜色 , 丰富 , 丰富的味道丰富 , 味道丰富的 " 和 " 中国名法 " 的声誉 。
methods: the clinical data and antibiotic resistance of 253 cases of aecb caused by acinetobacter infection from respiratory department of 10 hospitals in tianjin were reviewed .	方法:综述了天津10所医院呼吸部呼吸道感染的253例aecb的临床资料和抗生素抗生素抵抗措施 。
in this paper , the principles of hydrophobic surface and drag reduction are outlined . we briefly review the new way and recent progress to prepare such hydrophobic surface .	简要介绍了水理表面的原理和降低原理 , 简要介绍了新途径和近年来制备这种水理表面的新进展 。
the highly efficient and accurate classification has improved the grindingclassification efficiency of the tertiary grinding , thus raising the runofmine ore throughput of system 321 .	高效率和准确分类已经提高了地表磨削效率 , 从而提高了321层矿产输入的runofmin矿产输入 。
i was headhunted by hujiang when i was looking for an " out " to have a flexible schedule for my tobeborn daughter , who is now almost 5 months old . i couldn&rsquo ;	当我正在寻找一个 " 出口 " 的时候 , 我是由湖江的头部 , 为我出生的女儿带来了灵活的计划 , 现在已经有5个月了 。
additional cleaning techniques can include using a needleless plastic syringe to vigorously wash the tooth with moderately pressured water or to softly wash it with hydrogen peroxide .	另外 , 清洁工艺可以使用无针塑料同步 , 使水中压水 , 或柔软洗它 。
professors with dollar signs in their eyes are always announcing the birth of the latest revolutionary management technique or the discovery of the hottest new “supercorp” .	他们的眼睛里的美元标志教授总是宣布最新的革命管理技术的出生 , 或者最热门的新 " 吸引 " 技术的发现 。
tuesday's swoon has been dramatic , coming after a report showing u . s . manufacturing in august returned to expansion for the first time in more than a yearandahalf . for details see .	星期二 , 瑞典一直是戏剧性的 , 在一份报告显示 , 在8月 , 美国制造业在8月回到了第一次扩张 , 为了详细的看法 。
architecture is the most optimistic of professions , ' says mary comerio , chair of the architecture department at the university of california at berkeley , where there was a 40 percent uptick .	伯克利大学建筑部主席玛丽·波里奥说: " 建筑部是加利福尼亚大学最乐观的专业主席 , 这里有40%的上升 。 "
the designs were drawn up by the french architect jacques rougerie , a veteran of waterbased construction projects , and have been backed by the united nations cultural agency unesco .	这个设计由法国建筑师jacquerie绘制出来 , 一个基于水的建筑工程的兽人 , 已经被美国文化机构联合国文化机构联合支持 。
it’s an openair loft space , with the four founders at desks in the middle of a phalanx of young men staring at screens . the four are sam yagan , the c . e . o . ;	这是一个开放的空间 , 桌子里的四个创始人在屏幕上站在餐厅里 , 四个是samamyagan , c.o ;
firstly , the paper introduces the conception , theory and mathematical model of the array antenna . serval algorithms of adaptive beamforming and doa are analyzed using matlab software .	首先介绍了阵列天线的概念、理论和数学模型 , 利用matlab软件分析了自适应梁形成的服务算法 。
two duracors and one duramar unit are specified as part of the communications equipment package for each lcs unmanned surface vehicle being developed to carry out these warfare missions .	指定两个双重单元 , 指定为每个lcss单元的通信设备包的一部分 , 为了开发这些战争任务的表面车辆 。
later , lartigue donated all his negatives , albums , cameras and personal diaries to the french state , and from these photos and texts , we discover the story of an extraordinary and elegant life .	后来 , 律师捐赠了所有的负面、专辑、摄像机和个人透明 , 从这些照片和文本中 , 我们发现了一部经常生活的故事 。
at altitude , the air pressure is lower , and so are aerodynamic effects such as drag and lift , ultimately causing balls to travel faster and straighter than they would at lower altitude .	在阿尔蒂德 , 空气压力较低 , 因此空气动力学效应较低 , 最终导致球运动速度快 , 直径比较低 。
world stocks , measured by msci , hit a 51/2 week high this week , moving close to a breakeven point for the year as investors put tens of billions of dollars worth of cash to work .	由msci测量的世界股票 , 本周高达51/2周 , 今年 , 投资者将数十亿美元的现金价值达到现金 。
allaround introduction and specific analysis are made about the notion and structure , selection , organization and presentation of content , compilation of students' exercises and teachers' manual .	全地介绍和具体分析 , 对学生的练习和教师手册进行概念、选择、组织、组织、组织、组织、组织和展示 。
if you are just too exhausted to leave the confines of the house , unplug the phone , lock the door , batten down the hatches and spend the entire weekend at home , doing absolutely nothing .	如果你太高兴了 , 离开房子的限制 , 除了插电话 , 把门锁在门口 , 把整个周末 , 放在家里 , 完全没有事情 。
like the liao , an earlier inner asian dynasty , the juchen maintained a chinesestyle bureaucracy to rule over the southern part of their conquests and a tribal state to rule in inner asia .	就像狮子一样 , 一个早期的亚洲 , 犹太人保持了一个中国风格的官僚制定了他们的后果和内亚的部国家 。
for me , it feels like you are dealing with familiarities such as cooking a lentil dish in mdardara , as well as a feeling of strangeness in familiar surroundings , such as tokyo tonight .	对于我来说 , 就像你一样的熟悉 , 比如在穆达达达达达达达达达达拉烹饪一块叶片 , 以及在熟悉的周围的奇怪感觉 , 比如东京今晚 。
with the forest canopy closure increase , the average high and diameter also increase , but the numbers of unit area is reduced . and the distribution of update saplings changes from mission to uniform .	随着森林可靠度的增加 , 平均高、直径也增加 , 但单位面积的数量减少 , 更新的样品从任务到统一的变化 。
the products do not contain any natural latex components on human skin allergic reactions , nontoxic , harmless , tasteless , left and right gm , pull a good , durable , and good adhesion .	产品不包含任何天然乳化成分 , 人类皮肤过敏反应 , 非毒、无害、无害、无害、无味、左、右gm , 推出良好的粘合 。
carmelita montiel , a twentyyearold virgin , had just bathed in orangeblossom water and was strewing rosemary leaves on pilar ternera's bed when the shot rang out .	二十岁的弗吉尼尔 , 卡米里塔·蒙蒂尔在橙色的水里洗澡 , 正在穿着皮尔·特内拉的床上 , 穿着红色的玫瑰叶子 。
we use such tools here at @toprank to grow own twitter presence as well as for clients on a daily basis and have learned quite a bit about twitter best practices and which tools work best .	我们在这里使用这样的工具 , 将自己的twitter出现和客户在日常基础上 , 学习了很多关于twitter最好的实践和工具最好的工作 。
cancer vaccines can generate specific immune response to get goals of treatment mainly through activate the tumorresistant antigen , especially antitumor specific antigen .	癌症疫苗可以生成特异免疫反应 , 主要通过活化肿瘤抗原 , 特别是抗肿瘤特异抗肿瘤特异性抗原 。
a host of lifechanging inventions , from icecream cones and bottled water to electric lights , automobiles and aeroplanes were brought to public attention through successive expos .	从icecreamcons和瓶装水到电灯、汽车和航天器等方面 , 引起了许多生命交换发明 , 通过成功的曝露给公众关注 。
si published his accusations late last month on the new threads website , which is famous among china's research community for exposing pseudoscience and academic misconduct .	上个月晚些时候 , 西在中国研究社区发布了他的指控 , 这是中国新线程网站的著名的 " 伪科学和学术误导 " 。
hcvspecific cd8 tcell response was readily detectable in acutely hcvinfected patients regardless of virologic outcome or virusspecific cd4 tcell response .	hcvv特异性cd8细胞反应正在急性hcvvin感染患者或病毒特异性cd4t细胞反应中被检测到 。
i am also thankful to mr bruce lee's family for their wholehearted support . mr lee's widow , linda , personally helped prepare a layout plan of the former residence for our reference .	我还感谢布鲁斯先生的家人为他们整心的支持而感谢 。 李先生的窗户李先生 , 个人帮助自己准备一个前居民的布局计划 。
shin's previous solo efforts include the 2005 cover album " special thanks to...best selection " and later " tired " , but his latest hit , " it's me " marks shin's first proper album as a solo artist .	shin以前的solo努力包括2005年的专辑 " 特别感谢.........最后的选择 " , 他最后 " 疲倦 " , 但 " 我 " 是 " 标志shin " 的首张专辑 。
in some major u . s . cities , sports moguls have wrested steep concessions from local governments as the price for building new palaces for their football , basketball , hockey and baseball franchises .	在一些主要的美国城市中 , 体育模块已经从当地政府中逐步走向 , 作为他们的足球、篮球、篮球、篮球和篮球的价格建立新的宫殿 。
since porcelain is ceramic , and therefore glasslike , its surface is smooth and impervious and unlike older bonding materials , it will not be stained coffee , tea , red wine or cigarette smoking .	由于陶瓷陶瓷 , 所以玻璃类似 , 表面平滑 , 不像老年债券材料一样 , 不会留下咖啡 , 茶 , 红葡萄酒或香烟 。
carla van tiggelen designe is an international purchaser from australia , need to buy products of textile raw materials and fabrics , furniture , home textiles , gift , ceramics , adornment etc . categories .	卡拉·瓦格林设计是一家国际采购商 , 来自澳大利亚的国际采购商 , 需要购买产品类别包括纺织品、家具、家具、礼品、陶瓷品、陶瓷等 。
the absolute growth of the head weight , forelimb weight , hind limb weight , body length , forelimb length , hind limb length , shin length and the third toe length showed a pattern of normal distribution .	头重、前肢体重、后肢体重、身体长度、前肢长度、后肢长度、后肢长度、后肢长度、紧张长度、第三条长度均呈现正常分布的模式 。
there’s an old “northsouth” divide partly at work with the netherlands , luxembourg , and germany critical of spain , italy , and greece – in what appear to be old cultural stereotypes playing out .	西班牙、卢克斯堡和西班牙、意大利和希腊似乎是古老的文化史蒂文化传播 。
the welcome ceremony was also attended by wang qishan , ling jihua , wang huning , dai bingguo , u . s . vice president joe biden , secretary of state hillary clinton and other accompanying staff .	欢迎仪式还参加了王启山 , 王九华 , 王建华 , 美国副总统约伯登 , 国务卿克林顿和其他陪伴工作人员 。
laing's thought chanllenged traditional views of psychiatric treatment , evoked people to query those basic hypotheses that ruled their lives and thoughts , left his mark on psychiatric practice .	拉丁思想的传统心理疗法的传统观点 , 引起人们查询这些基本假设 , 规定自己的生活和思想 , 留下了心理实践的标志 。
milan leandro grimi on the official site of siena speaks about the next league against milan: " yes its a bit strange for me to play against milan , but now i am at siena and want to win this game . "	米兰·莱德罗·格里米在米兰的官方网站上讲话了下一场对阵米兰的比赛: " 是的 , 是对阵米兰 , 但现在我在西纳 , 想赢得这场比赛 。 "
test showed that , the model derived from 2year before st by pca had a forecast accuracy of 95 . 8% for internal samples and 93 . 3% for external samples , while the one by modified method 97 . 5% and 90 . 0% ;	试验结果表明 , 通过改进方法97.5%、93.3%的内部样品和外部样品的预测 , 模型从2年以前获得了2年的预测准确性 。
" this budget adds more debt to our country's future than all of the debt from 1789 , when george washington was president , through franklin roosevelt and lyndon johnson and george w . bush , " he said .	他说: " 这个预算增加了我国的未来 , 比1789年所有债务的债务更多 , 当乔治华盛顿总统 , 通过弗兰克林·罗斯福和林·约翰逊和乔治·布什总统 。
o mighty armed one , seeing your magnificent form of manifold faces and eyes , manifold arms , legs and feet , manifold stomachs and manifold terrifying teeth ; all the planets tremble in fear and so do i .	哦 , 只有一只手臂 , 看到你的巨大形式的表面和眼睛 , 手臂 , 腿 , 腿 , 脚 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂上的各个行星都是恐惧 , 如此 。
it also has highlevel teachers all of whom have diploma degrees , including one with the national key teacher title , two with the beijing key teachers titles , six with xicheng key teachers titles .	同时也有高层教师 , 所有有外交学位 , 包括一个与国家关键教师名称 , 两个与北京关键教师名字 , 六个与西城关键教师名字 。
the macro velocity model used for describing vti media is consistent with current velocity estimation method , and can simultaneously accommodate the isotropy , weak anisotropy and strong anisotropy .	采用电流速度估计方法与电流速度估计方法相一致 , 可同时适应异常、弱异常、弱静脉和强抗静脉 。
therefore , any changes in expression levels or activity of ptp1b relative to the ir could affect insulin signaling and possibly contribute to the insulin resistance observed in type ii diabetes .	因此 , ptp1b的表达水平或相对活动都会影响胰岛素信号的影响 , 并可能有助于胰岛素抵抗在i型糖尿病中观察到的胰岛素抵抗 。
britain's chancellor of the exchequer alistair darling poses with his ministerial red dispatch box as he leaves 11 downing street , en route to delivering the annual budget to the house of commons .	英国的首席执行官达里尔·达林与他的总理红发布箱一起拥有 , 因为他离开了11号下街 , 路径将年度预算送给共同的房子 。
the killing activity of nk cells and the proliferation rate of spleen cells were tested by mtt assay , and t cell subgroupcd4+ , cd8+ were tested by the indirect immune fluorescent assay .	采用mtt法测定了k细胞的杀死活性和splen细胞的增殖率 , 并用mt法测定了t细胞亚群-cd4+、cd8+的直接免疫荧光法测定了细胞的增殖率 。
bamboo garden mighty yanlord house house , authentic lake a good room , all fully equipped highend furniture , all gifts , the landlord benevolent kind , good communication , the rich noble gas .	竹花园可能是燕龙房子 , 身体湖 , 全部设备高端家具 , 所有礼物 , 所有的礼物 , 都有利于良好的沟通 , 丰富的noble气体 。
in sperm and oocyte , it is proved that the calcium signals have great roles in series of complicated processes: capacitation , acrosome reaction , oocyte maturation , fertilization , embryo cleavage etc .	在精子和卵巢中 , 证明钙信号在一系列复杂的过程中有很大的作用:容量、环境反应、卵巢成熟、肥胖、胚胎清洁等 。
nangong selection of quality smoked pork dish , and add the proportion of fresh eggs , pure mungbean starch , ginger and small grinding sesame oil , stirring into a porridgelike , poured into casings .	南龙选取的质量吸烟猪肉 , 添加了新鲜的鸡蛋 , 纯净的明星 , 姜 , 小粒子油 , 搅拌进粉碎 , 搅拌成粉碎 。
the elections in tunisia and the dramatic demise of former libyan leader muammar alqaddafi have pushed the allegations of an iransponsored plot to assassinate the saudi envoy to washington on u .	突尼西亚的选举和以前的利比亚领导人穆巴马·卡扎菲的选举推动了伊朗赞助的地方 , 以避免沙特省份华盛顿 。
ics bbtv is a brand new broadband tv client developed by shanghai media group broadband co . ltd and ics , which enables people watching copyrighted programs of ics , both live and vod , for free .	icsbtv是由上海媒体集团广播有限公司和ics开发的一家品牌新广播电视客户端 , 使人们能够看到ics、生活和vod的编辑程序 。
a town of northern ethiopia south of asmara . emperor menelik ii decisively defeated the italians here in 1896 to secure recognition of ethiopia's independence . population , 21 , 107 .	1896年 , 阿马拉北部的埃塞俄比亚南部一城市 , 皇帝梅尼克决定摧毁了意大利人 , 1896年对埃塞俄比亚独立的认可 。
but with this example alone can you realize that with some more exercise of thoughts and intelligent i don't wanna say intelligent design here , intelligent design can you actually solve this problem so much more efficiently and just as correctly .	但是 , 在这个例子中 , 只有你才能认识到 , 有些更多的思维和智能的运动 , 我不会在这里说智能设计 , 智能设计 , 才能解决这个问题更有效的解决 。
rome , april 7 the strong earthquake that hit central italy on monday has killed at least 150 people , injured some 1 , 500 and left around 70 , 000 homeless , italian media reported on tuesday .	据意大利媒体周二报道 , 今年4月7日 , 罗马中央意大利的强大地震 , 至少有150人死亡 , 至少有1500人受伤 。
according to onboard military officers , sailors on the destroyer , coded ddg169 wuhan , carried out comprehensive exercises focusing on rapid response , inspections , and simulated attacks .	根据上述军事官 , 在摧毁者上 , 编码ddg169武汉 , 进行全面运动 , 重点关注快速响应、检查和模拟攻击 。
paul's message in all of these things is that , i didn't do anything wrong , i'm just here to obey the law , i'm here to serve my people , to honor the traditions of my people and my ethnic group , the jews .	保罗在所有这些事情里的消息是 , 我并没有做任何事情 , 我只是在这里得到法律 , 我在这里为我人民提供的传统 , 为了荣誉我民族和我民族的传统 。
like previous attacks , wednesday's incident in hong kong's busy north point district involved corrosive liquid apparently thrown into a crowded shopping district from a nearby highrise building .	就像以前的袭击一样 , 星期三在香港的忙碌的北部地区的事故一样 , 出现了腐蚀的液体 , 显然从附近的高层建筑物中扔进了一个人口的购物区 。
the level of employment is ultimately determined by aggregate demand , and aggregate demand is determined by whatever the central bank thinks the economy can bear , without jeopardising stable prices .	就业水平最终是由集中需求决定的 , 而集中需求是由中央银行认为经济可以承担的 , 没有犹太行业稳定价格的 。
their study subjects ate vegetarian whole foods with 10 percent of calories from fat , walked 30 minutes six days a week , used stressreducing techniques , and went to a weekly support group .	他们的研究对象是在一周的时间里 , 食用蔬菜整个食物 , 从脂肪中吃了10%的热量 , 走了30分钟 , 使用压力诱导技术 , 每周到一次支持组 。
here the supermarket and street stalls coexist , variety of handicraft souvenirs , with ivory and wood carvings of figures , pest birds , flowers , shape lifelike lifelike , are tourists shopping places .	在这里 , 超市和街道的共存 , 各种手工的南方 , 拥有ivory和木雕 , 树木雕塑 , 森林鸟 , 花 , 花 , 形状的生活 , 是旅游生活的地方 。
the purpose of this study was to describe norms of pinch strength for normal taiwanese adults and to investigate the effects the of age , gender , height , weight , and digit length on pinch strength .	本研究旨在描述正常台湾成年人正常强度的正常强度 , 探讨了年龄、性别、高、重量和数字长度的影响 。
beijingfuzhou highway , 104national road , the beijingshanghai railway runs through the north and the south , since ancient times as " fdbwa three , nine province thoroughfare " place .	北京福州公路104个国家公路 , 北京上海铁路通过北部和南部运行 , 因为古代的 " fdbwa三 , 九个省thougugofare " 。
it is the tallest rocket to emerge from the vehicle assembly building since the massive 363foot saturn v rocket used to launch apollo astronauts to the moon in the 1960s and 1970s .	自1960年代和1970年代以来 , 由于大规模的363英尺的火箭发射了阿波罗天文航天员到月球 。
how can the miaos women living in the remote mountain area get to know yinyang fish , the typical symbolic logo of han's culture , and embody the socalled yinyang philosophy in their embroidery ?	如何在远山地区生活的miaos女性如何知道y阳鱼 , 汉族文化的典型象征标志标志 , 体现了元阳哲学所谓的阴阳哲学 ?
on monday and tuesday , students boycotted classes and examinations while several thousand students maintained a peaceful demonstration outside the college's administration building , students said .	学生说 , 周二 , 学生们在大学管理建筑外保持了几千名学生的和平示威 。
wen jiabao , carry out seriously the spirit of the 17th cpc national congress , devote more efforts to the anticorruption work and a clean and honest government construction , 9 qiushi , 6 .	温家宝 , 严重执行第十七届cpc国会精神 , 为反腐败工作和诚实的政府建设 , 为6.6 。
february 6 , 2005 , the ministry of commerce issued " for the " thousands of rural villages " the pilot informed the market works " officially launched " thousands of rural villages " the market works .	2005年2月6日 , 2005年2月6日 , 商务部发布了 " 数千名农村村村 " , 飞行员信息了市场 " 正式发布 " 的 " 农村 " 市场工作 。
building on its expertise in amoled technology , the samsung nx10 sports a large 3 . 0 " amoled screen , delivering a far brighter and clearer image than comparable lcd screens . "	三星nx10运动的专家建立了它的专家 , 比较lcd屏幕更清晰的图像 , 三星nx10运动了一个大型3.0 "
this may result in either a ) the polar ice caps melt , forcing mankind to live on boats with kevin costner or b ) the gulf stream stops , turning new york city into an enormous icecube .	这可能导致波尔冰船融化 , 迫使人类生活在与凯文的成本者或海湾停止 , 使纽约市变成了巨大的冰川 。
based on structural risk minimization principal , the influences of the error penalty parameter c and the kernel parameter σ on support vector machines generalization ability are studied .	基于结构风险微化原理 , 研究了误差penalty参数c和内核参数对支持向量机通用化能力的影响 。
under semantics guidance , through the full title sentence's analysis and the full title sentence's probabilistic logic system , we have a good solution for full title sentence's inductive acceptance .	在语义指导下 , 通过全名句子的分析和全名句子的概率逻辑系统 , 我们对全名句子的产生具有良好的解决方案 。
on hearing her routine , christopher hitchens , a polemicist , remarked that “when comedians flatter the president , they become court jesters , and the country becomes a banana republic . ”	在听到她的路由上 , 克里斯托弗·希奇 , 一个极端主义者 , 说明 " 无论是喜剧主席 , 他们是法庭主义者 , 以及国家成为巴纳共和国 。 "
as jamel belhaj , general director of public debt in tunisia , puts it , “it is very important for us to maintain an optimal combination of fixed and floating rate debt to manage our debt service costs .	作为丹尼亚公债总监詹姆尔·贝尔哈杰 , 提出: " 这对我们保持固定和浮动率的最佳结合 , 是管理我们的债务服务成本的重要内容 。 "
designed to access the electronic control and diagnostic systems such as engine , diesel pump , gearbox , clutch , brakes , asd , asr , srs , electrical roof control , dash panel and ac/heating .	针对发动机、柴油泵、齿轮、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、
the lawyers' associations shall conduct professional selfregulation of the practice of law by lawyers in accordance with the lawyers law , bylaws of lawyers' associations and professional rules .	律师协会应当根据律师的法律法、律师协会法律、律师协会法律、律师协会法律和专业规定执行专业自我规定 。
it is important to recognize the circulatory dysfunction in the elderly trauma patients may be primarily caused by hypovolemia , but to differentiate it from cardiac insufficiency may be necessary .	老年悲剧患者的循环功能主要是由低血压引起的主要原因 , 但对心脏功能的差异有必要性 。
" we talk about five core competencies in social and emotional learning , " says weissberg , " selfawareness , selfmanagement , social awareness , relationship skills , and responsible decision making .	" 我们在社会和情感学习中谈到了五个核心竞争 , " 韦斯伯格说 , " 自我认识、社会意识、关系技能和责任决策 。
waste water treatment , water purification , dewatering , bar screen , rotary drum screen , jet diffuser , pump , water filter , belt filter press , powder dissolver pumps and pumping equipment .	废水处理、净化、水洗涤、防水、防水、防水屏幕、旋转鼓屏幕、喷射扩散器、泵、水滤波器、带滤波器、污水泵等设备 。
the basic principles and simulation methods of a nullcouplerbased oadm are studied firstly , especially in the crosstalk of a ybranch structure and the coupling properties of a tilted grating .	首先研究了一种基于ullcoupler的oadm的基本原理和仿真方法 , 尤其是在ybranch结构的交叉谈中 , 以及其耦合性能 。
george w bush , who is regularly in bed by 10pm , thomas edison , napoleon , condoleezza rice , who wakes at 4 . 30am , and ernest hemingway are among those known as larks .	乔治 ? 布什正常被10pm、托马斯·埃迪松、纳波伦、康多利亚大米的床上 , 他们在4.30米的时候 , 而埃尔斯特·赫明威正在被称为拉克斯 。
it had been concluded that some certain intermacromolecult cross link was formed among finishing agents and fiber by means of acid and alkalic hydrolysis , amino acid analysis and tg method .	研究结果表明 , 通过酸性和碱性水解法、氨基酸酸分析法和tg法制备了一定的间质分子交叉链接 。
s . refused to sign the agreement , and is urging the united nations' convention on certain conventional weapons " a protocol attached , so as to provide legitimacy to the use of cluster weapons . "	美国拒绝签署协议 , 正在敦促联合国在某些传统武器 " 的协议上 " , 为集群武器提供立法性 。
i estimate that , based on economic values , these losses will to a further $800 billion to $900 billion , putting total credit losses north of $1 . 7 trillion for the whole period of the crisis .	我估计 , 在经济价值的基础上 , 这些损失将进一步达到800亿美元 , 将总信用损失为1.7亿美元的危机时期 。
supachai's comments come as the u . s . house of representatives friday is expected to vote again on a revised $700 billion bailout plan after the bill was struck down monday .	星期五 , 苏pachai的评论将于星期五再次投票投票700亿美元的保罗计划 , 预计星期五 , 美国的代表家庭预计将会再次投票 。
licensor desires to grant to the licensee for agreed sum of money as provided herein , and licensee desires to obtain from licensor , nonassignable , geographically restrictive license .	许可证人希望向许可证人提供同意的总结 , 并提供许可证人要求从许可证人、非签名、地理检索许可证人获得 。
based on the fermented yoghourt , we took fresh milk as raw material and added stabilizer , honey , essence and sugars into it to produce fruity flavor drinks with lactic acid bacteria .	根据发酵的瑜珈小时 , 我们用新鲜奶作为原料 , 添加了稳定剂 , 蜂蜜 , 精华和糖 , 进入其中 , 产生水果味饮料 , 用乳酸细菌 。
poet yiannis ritsos once called monemvasia " a ship of stone , " and those who have visited rave about " rugged , saltofthe earthbeauty " that provides " a refreshing escape " from the real world .	诗人iannisritsos曾经称为monemvasia " 一个石头 " 的船只 , 那些曾经访问过 " 垃圾 " 的船只 , 从现实世界上提供了 " 新鲜的逃避 " 。
when this happens , the pancreas produces greater amounts to compensate , flooding the bloodstream with insulin ; high levels of insulin in the blood have been linked to [some types of] cancer .	当这种情况下 , 胰岛素产生了更大的补偿 , 与胰岛素有洪水 , 血液中胰岛素的高水平与血液中胰岛素有关 。
this patent pending formula , amidren contains efficacious amounts of clinically proven natural ingredients to address the 5 critical stages of male hormone modulation to address andropause as men age .	本专利推广公式 , 中医有效地包含临床证明 , 自然成分证明了5个男性激素调制的临床成分 , 以解决男性的5个关键阶段 。
while a full takeover is seen as a stretch , some companies that may cast an eye over the unit include hp's rivals in asia such as china's lenovo group ltd and taiwan's acer inc , banking sources said .	银行资源表示 , 尽管一家完整的采取者被看作是一家伸展的公司 , 但一些公司可能在亚洲 , 包括中国莱诺夫集团有限公司和台湾的航空公司 。
the necessity and thinking on the structural adjustment in agricultural industry is discussed , on the basis of investigation and analysis on agricultural present situation of xiangtan city .	针对西安市农业结构调整的必要性和思考 , 探讨了我国农业现状的调查与分析 。
single fundamental mode verticalcavity surfaceemitting laserhas potential applications such as data transmission in optical network , optical interconnect , optical storage , and laser printing .	单基本模式垂直性表面承诺激光潜在的应用 , 如光网、光学连接、光学存储和激光印刷等 。
spending in 2010 decreased 1 . 3% , after the country’s defense ministry recommended germany close several army bases and cut the number of troops from 250 , 000 to 180 , 000 .	在2010年的国防部建议 , 德国近几个军队基地 , 减少了1.3% , 后来 , 德国国国防部的防御部门推荐了数量的军队 , 减少了250 , 000 , 000 。
qiu lin is new , heavy is good for her , but she is hypocritical in the eyes of others . < /p> < p> qiu lin went to the director , insisted on their own , the director appreciate her .	朱琳是新的 , 重量对她来说很好 , 但她对别人的眼睛有假说 , </p><qulin去董事 , 坚持自己 , 董事们欣赏她 。
keenly awaited growth figures for the fourth quarter of 2008 were as clear as mud to most analysts , who were left struggling to work out what is really happening in the world's thirdlargest economy .	2008年的第四季度 , 肯定等待在2008年的第四季度的增长 , 就像泥泞一样清楚 , 大多数分析师一样 , 在世界第三大经济中真正发生的事情 。
in order to establish a fullfledged market economy in our country , we must have a better bankruptcy law , which should remedy the shortcomings of the current law lacking of individual bankruptcy .	为了建立我国全国全国全国的市场经济 , 我们必须有更好的破产法 , 应该恢复当前的个人破产的缺陷 。
through simulation and modification , more accuracy experiment data were gained . the calibration curve of alanine dosimeter irradiated by proton was obtained at last . the linear coefficient is 0 . 999 5 .	通过仿真和修改 , 获得了更精确的实验数据 , 得到了亚氨酸多米勒的校正曲线 , 最后得到了线性系数为0.995 。
it's going to run through the loop , accumulating the answers , but because i'm subtracting , x it's just going to keep making x more and more negative as it goes along , again it's off into an infinite loop .	它将通过循环运行 , 积累回答 , 但由于我正在提取 , x只是将x更多的负面 , 同时它再次进入无限循环 。
joe biden , the vicepresident , responding to republican sniping today in an interview with nbc . " i hear a lot of criticism , but i never hear anything [suggested] in response .	约伯登今天在与nbc采访中回应共和党的一项采访中回应 , " 我听到了很多批评 , 但我从来没有听到任何事情的反应 。
the high mountain is a unique environment . the mountain range poses tough trials for the life forms that inhabit it . yet , the challenges provide the necessary motives for species to adapt and evolve .	高山是一个独特的环境 , 山范围有着艰难的试验 , 然而 , 挑战提供了适应和进化的必要动机 。
the results showe that it can assist the experiments making glucose plasma which desire ideal de value . and it can significantly reduce the number of experiments , save human resource , money and time .	研究结果表明 , 可以帮助实验 , 使葡萄糖等离子体能够有效地降低理想的de值 , 降低实验、节省人力资源、钱和时间 。
earlier today , all things considered host robert siegel asked anthony carnevale , director of georgetown university's center on education and the workforce , if that number is correct .	今天早些时候 , 所有东西都认为主持罗伯特·西格尔问安东尼·卡内瓦 , 乔治敦大学教育中心主任和工作力量正确 , 如果这个数字是正确的 。
even if you're running a oneperson business , invite your spouse or significant other , a trusted friend who knows your business , andif you can afford the hourly feesyour accountant or attorney .	即使你正在运行一个person的业务 , 邀请你们的怀疑或意义 , 一个信任的朋友知道你的业务 , 如果你可以在小时的资产或咨询员 。
china's ravenous appetite for energy puts the country at risk of reaching a point of “peak coal , ” when demand for coal will outstrip domestic production capacity , a growing number of experts believe .	中国的能源风险令人难以置信 , 国内生产能源的风险 , 达到了 " 中国 " 的风险 , 当需求将扩大国内生产能力 , 增长的专家相信 。
i create sculptural ceramic work which , although abstract , is rooted in the natural world . simple curved and undulating forms explore biomorphic shapes and structural growth patterns .	我创造了雕塑陶瓷作品 , 虽然抽象 , 是根据自然世界的 , 但简单的曲线和缺乏形式探索生物形状和结构增长模式 。
generally , college savings plans are managed on a very aggressive portfolio of assets in the child’s younger years , switching to a more conservative portfolio as the child nears collegeready age .	一般来说 , 大学节约计划在儿童年轻的资产中经营了非常积极的投资组合 , 将其转向一个更保守的投资组合作为孩子的年龄 。
medium and late powdery cushaw , the matured fruit is off white skin with little green , high starchiness , high quality , fit to freezed treatment or cushaw powder , planted in early spring .	中晚期的粉末 , 成熟的水果在白色的皮肤上 , 小绿色 , 明亮度高 , 质量高 , 适合冻结的治疗 , 适合早春 。
china has had many 4000 company , according to baidu money signs up for exposure first quarter , in the client amount that baidu advertises , only 161 thousand , 0 . 4% what hold company sum total only .	中国有许多4000家公司 , 据百度资金签署了第一季度暴露 , 在百度广告中 , 只有161万家 , 只有0.4%的持有公司总结 。
for more on the thinking behind times open , watch the yahoo developer network's interview with nyt's derek gottfrid , senior software architect the man behind the times open gathering .	越来越多的想法 , 看着雅虎开发商网络的采访 , 与nyt的桌面获得了rid , 高级软件架构师在开幕后面看着这个男人 。
in icrp 1990 recommendations , a new weighting factor——radiation weighting factorw_r was introduced to replace the quality factor q for modifying the absorbed dose averaged over atissue or organ .	在icrp1990年的建议中 , 介绍了一种新的重量因子 , 将重量因子作为替代吸收剂量平均化的问题或机构的质量因子q 。
an algorithm for marking pitch at the location of the largest amplitude of continuous speech signal is described , which is based on the finding of glottal closure instants in laryngograph signal .	介绍了一种基于朗格图信号的全球闭环实时信号的最大幅度的标记匹配算法 。
the liverpool manager , who has presided over six defeats in the last eight matches ahead of birmingham city's visit tonight , claimed he was " 100% sure " his team would start to climb the table .	利物浦总统在昨晚在比林罕市访问前的六场比赛中总统 , 利物浦经理声称他是 " 100% " 的球队将开始攀登桌子 。
" when we use this technique to target gm plants , we can simply identify and kill the accidentally released gm strains without hurting conventional plants , " shen told scidev . net .	" 当我们使用这种技术来目标gm植物时 , 我们可以简单地识别并杀死gm株并没有打击传统植物 , " 她告诉scidev说 。
" happy people drag their spouses out of bed to go exercise , and they encourage them to eat healthier , " says bill chopik an associate psychology 3 professor at msu , and lead author of the study .	" 幸福的人从床上拖出来 , 他们鼓励他们吃健康 , " 比尔·克霍克在msu的心理3教授比尔说 。
though many people continue to identify black eyeliner with a retro look , zoller says it's never really gone out of style at auditions , and it's attractive as long as it's not applied too heavily .	虽然许多人继续识别黑眼睛 , 但赵勒说 , 虽然很多人从来没有真正地从审计中出发 , 但只要它也不用太重 。
chinese cities gained as the yuan strengthened somewhat against most other currencies , said mercer . shanghai , shenzhen and guangzhou moved up to 12th , 22nd and 23rd respectively .	上海、深圳、广州和广州等城市一直在加强大多数货币的增强 , 中国城市的增强对大多数其他货币来说 , 上海、上海、上海、广州和广州两国都在第12、2-2和23个 。
as a result , it's often easier to use static vxml files even if that option offers less flexibility , reactivity , and extensibility than to go with servlets and frequent recompilations .	结果 , 即使该选项更容易使用静态vxml文件 , 即使该选项提供了灵活性 , 反应性和可扩展性 。
natural carnival , life of the party , our after the sentiment , smart touch gladdening the heart and refreshing the mind , strong hazel incense bring multiple taste , suddenly lifeincomparable .	自然保护 , 生活的生活 , 我们的情感后 , 聪明触摸着心灵 , 重新清新鲜明的心 , 强烈的海泽永远带来了多样的味道 , 突然生活相对 。
this week , xstrata , another big mining firm , suspended operations at a nickel mine in the dominican republic while converting its power supply to run on coal , rather than—more expensive—oil .	本周 , xstrata是另一家大型采矿公司 , 在多米尼克尔共和国 , 在转换电力供应的时候 , 却比煤炭更昂贵 。
according to importance value , the vegetation in beijing wulingshan nature reserve can be classified into 3 vegetation type groups , 5 vegetation types , 42 formations and 139 associations .	根据北京武山自然保护区的重要价值 , 可分为3种植物类型、5种植物类型、42种植物类型和139个协会 。
and , that's a good thing to know because if you come out with an answer that's somewhere near the diameter of the universe and it's supposed to be the diameter of an atom , then you will know that you probably made a mistake .	而且 , 这是一个很好的事情 , 因为如果你在宇宙直径附近的答案 , 那么你会知道你可能会做错误 。
the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite captured these falsecolor images on january 15 , 2010 , and january 21 , 2003 .	2003年1月15日 , 美国宇航局的太空热排放和反射辐射器在nasa的太空卫星捕获这些虚拟分子图像 , 以及2010年1月21月21日 。
there is a great need for deeply understanding the functions of single molecule of schistosomes in vivo due to the accumulated information from schistosome genomics , transcriptomics and proteomics .	深入了解单分子的单分子功能 , 是由于schosome基因组、转录原子和蛋白质学的积累信息 , 所以有很大的必要性 。
the dead sea mineral improves the skin cells metabolism relieves muscle cramps and stiffness . protects body against fluid loss and balances acidalkali levels .	死海矿物提高了皮肤细胞代谢 , 减少肌肉裂隙和强度 , 保护身体对流体损失和平衡酸碱水平 。
this company endeavors to hardening , normalizing , tempering , high and medium temperature quenching , mesh belt furnace quenching , cementing , time effective freezing and high temperature treatment etc .	本公司内容为哈丹、正常化、温度、温度高、中温淬火、现金带风炉淬火、水泥、水泥、时间冻结、高温处理等 。
ma haiyan ; chemical engineering department of nantong university zhang hao & liu zhaofeng ; state key lab for modification of chemical fibers and polymer materials ; donghua university ;	马海洋 ; 南龙大学化工程部 , 张海丰 ; 国有化纤和聚合物材料改造实验室 ; 东华大学 ;
new york , us: nassau county police officers on horseback patrol outside the best buy electronics store on black friday , which marks the traditional start of the festive shopping season .	纽约 , 美国:nasau县警察在周五在布莱克的最佳购买电子商店外 , 标志着传统的购物季节 。
volunteers of america helper rodney cunningham unloads boxes of thanksgiving food for lowincome families . he'll be getting a box himself to feed his four children and grandchildren .	美国帮助者罗德尼·昆宁汉姆的志愿者 , 感谢低收入家庭的感谢 , 他将会把自己送到四个孩子和孙子们的盒子里 。
" wuzhen has a kind of nourishing energy , " said meng jinghui , the artistic director of this year's theater festival . " in terms of content and budget , they have given us complete freedom .	" 武镇有一种保护能源 , " 孟京惠说 , 今年的剧院的艺术主任 , 在内容和预算方面 , 他们给我们提供了完整的自由 。
after appreciating the exhibition , mr . coumet bought several kinds of souvenir on display and inquired on the business of buying pictures , showing heartfelt affection towards the master's works .	经过欣赏展览后 , 列先生在展览上买了几种不同的方式 , 并在购买图片的业务上询问 , 向主人作品展示心感情 。
the spotchecking results of fiber grade pet chip were analysed from intrinsic viscosity , diethylene glycol content , melt point , carboxyl end group , color , agglomerating particle and powder .	分析了纤维级宠物芯片的检测结果 , 来自内粘度、死亡乙烯胶质含量、熔化点、羧基端组、聚合粒子组、聚合粒子和粉末等 。
in the eyes following son , rich brocade scale up of the beauty is engaging , pure such as the face of jade send forth a radiant ray of light and show people heart to concuss perfect creature chi .	在追随儿子的眼睛里 , 丰富的宽带大幅上升了美丽 , 纯洁的犹太人脸上发出了光线 , 显示人们心中追求完美的生物精神 。
first , yuanshizhu emperor kublai khan ended after the unification war , firmly once issued an order south demolishing the city city wall , after demolishing strictly prohibited repairing .	首先 , 在联合国战争结束后 , 元石皇帝库布拉伊在联合战争结束后 , 坚定发布了一个令人解决南方城市墙的秩序 , 解决了严格禁止修复 。
the expression of pdgf a was mainly found in the renal distal tubule and epithelial cells of distal straight tubule and glomerulus capillary , but igf 1 in transplanting artery equal expressed .	pdgf的表达主要是在肾脏疾病管和脊髓细胞中发现的pdgf的表达 , 但移植动动脉动脉平等表达的igf1 。
how much people make is " the no . 1 lie , " says julie jansen , a careercoach and author of " i don’t know what i want , but i know it’s not this . " " i tell my clients not to embellish their salaries . "	朱莉·詹森说: " 第1号是多少人 " , 职业教练和作家 " 我不知道我想要的是什么 , 但我不知道 , " 我告诉我客户不要把他们的话语 。
the budget of a local government at any level includes revenues turned over by the governments at lower levels and revenues refunded or subsidies granted by the governments at higher levels .	任何层面的政府的预算包括通过低水平的政府的收入 , 以及政府在高水平上拒绝或补贴的资金 。
you may perhaps have some pleasant , thrilling , glorious hourss , even in a poorhouse . the setting sun is reflected from the windows of the almshouse as brightly as from the rich man's abode ;	或许你可能有一些很愉快的、令人惊叹的、光亮的小时 , 即使在贫穷的房子里 , 设定阳光从窗口中反映出来 ;
at least 20 local madrassa students have disappeared , most likely to join the fight in afghanistan , he says , and taliban backers are even trying to stop the traditional music and dancing at weddings .	他说 , 至少有20名当地马达拉斯的学生已经消失了 , 大多数可能加入阿富汗战斗 , 塔利班后卫甚至试图阻止传统的音乐和舞蹈 。
method according to the criterions of diagnosis and degree established by respiratoy branch of chinese medicine academy , 81 patients of mild or moderate bronchial asthma was selected .	方法根据我国医学院呼吸分支的诊断和程度 , 采用中医学院的呼吸分支 , 选取81例中药或中性支气管哮喘患者 。
this is based on changes that first appeared during aix 5 . 3 , when you no longer had to turn off strict_maxclient , increase minfrree and maxfree , or reduce minperm , maxperm , and maxclient .	基于aix5.3的变化 , 首先出现在aix5.3中 , 当你不再要把严格的maxclient转向 , 增加了微型和无氧化物 , 或减少少少少小型、maxperm和maxclient 。
the cboe volatility index or vix . vix , wall street's socalled fear gauge , fell despite a decline in stocks earlier in the day as traders saw fewer reasons to buy protection .	尽管在今天早些时候 , cboe的波动指数或vix.vix , 华尔街所谓的恐惧标准下降 , 尽管今天早些时候 , 商人看到的原因是买保护 。
the council for a parliament of the world's religions has organized meetings in 1999 in cape town , south africa ; in 2004 in barcelona , spain ; and the next is set for 2009 in australia .	世界宗教国会议会议会在1999年在澳大利亚加南非举办了会议 , 2004年在巴塞罗那、西班牙 , 下一次在澳大利亚设立了2009年 。
the good news is that h1n1 is hitting north america at the tail end of its flu season . it's possible that the virus may peter out and reappear next autumn , but that gives us months to prepare .	好消息是 , h1n1正在击败北美洲的尾巴赛季的尾巴 , 可能是 , 病毒可能会彼此和下一年秋天相反 , 但这给我们准备好几个月 。
" it's good to know every game is winnable , " lamar odom said after practice saturday . " so we're down 10 , with seven minutes left , six minutes left , we know that we can come back and win that game .	" 每场比赛都很好 , " 拉米奥多星期六说 , " 因此 , 我们已经下了10分钟 , 左 , 六分钟 , 我们知道我们可以回来 , 赢得这场比赛 。
importantly , the wellestablished and proven workflow processes of tmcs that feed into corporate clients’ systems rely almost exclusively upon the airline booking and servicing capabilities of gdss .	重要的是 , 建立和证明了tmcs的工作流程 , 通过对公司客户端的系统的系统依赖于航空书籍和gds的服务能力 。
the conservative firebrand has signed a multiyear deal to serve as a fox news contributor , the cable channel's executive vice president for programming , bill shine , said in a statement .	在一份声明中 , 保守消防队长签署了一项多年的交易 , 作为福克斯新闻发布商 , 电缆通道的执行副总裁 。
the international community spent an estimated $500 million to bankroll the vote , which senior u . s . and u . n . officials acknowledged in recent weeks would be far from perfect .	最近几周 , 国际社会花了500万美元的估计 , 美国高级官员承认 , 美国的投票将远远离完美 。
" there is therefore a need to take into account dietary habits when designing studies to assess the association between flavonoidrich foods , antioxidant activity and degenerative disease , " they add .	他们补充说: " 因此 , 在设计研究中 , 研究中 , 需要采取数量饮食习惯 , 以评估黄酮酸食品、抗氧化剂活性和变性疾病之间的关系 。 "
and then we said you can also achieve octet stability and electron transfer if you look at elements that are just a little bit rich of electrons versus octet stability or a little bit lean of electrons .	然后我们说 , 如果你看到电子的元素 , 你也可以实现octet稳定性和电子传输 。
based on high effective locations algorithm and error estimate , improvement of the publickey scheme based on chebyshev maps proposed recently was presented and a key agreement protocol was given .	基于高效的位置算法和误差估计 , 提出了基于化学shev地图的公钥方案的改进 , 提出了一种基于化学shev地图的关键协议 。
six kinds of new schiff base tripodals were prepared by using the triethanolamine , salicylaldehyde , and amines as materials . the synthesis of these compounds are shown as follows .	采用三甲醇、三甲醛、三甲醛、氨基酸三甲基三甲基三甲基三甲基试验制备了六种新型schiff基试验 。
she had brought up bits of old packing cases and the seats of broken kitchen chairs , and things of that sort , and spread them across from rafter to rafter so as to make a bit of floor .	她带来了很多古老的包装案例和破碎的厨房椅子的座位 , 还有那种类型的东西 , 然后把它们传播到比赛中 , 这样就要做些地板 。
cocacola south pacific last year ran advertising titled " motherhood &mythbusting , " featuring popular australian actress kerry armstrong and claiming coke was " kiddy safe .	去年 , 可口可乐南太平洋广告称为 " 母亲和妈妈 " , " 特色是澳大利亚女演员克里·阿姆斯特强 , 声称科迪是 " 孩子安全 " 。
it suggested that the malignant transformation of human embryo lung diploid fibroblast cell strain kmb17 cell could be induced by cofc , which might have potential carcinogenicity to human .	研究表明 , 人类胚胎肺外交纤维细胞株kmb17细胞的恶性转变可能导致cfc , 可能有潜在的癌症 。
epitaxial growth of lbd and laser on single crystal silicon film quartz substrate or single crystal silicon film quartz substrate deposited buffer layer .	lbd和激光在单晶硅薄膜基质上生长或单晶硅薄膜基质上或单晶硅硅薄膜基质上 , 分解了缓冲层 。
private secondary schools are unlikely to succeed in the situation have been beneficial to their own circumstances , to attract highquality source of students , the school must have a high quality .	私人二级学校不可能成功的情况下 , 已有利于自己的环境 , 以吸引高质量的学生 , 学校必须有高质量的质量 。
conclusion the expression status of her2 is closely related with gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma , the positive expression of her2 is a poor prognosis indicator for gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma .	结论血糖腺癌的表达状况与胃心肌癌密切相关 , 她2的阳性表达是胃心肌癌的较差预后指标 。
methods: gene chip and rtpcr were used to study expression of cxcr4 mrna in two cell lines and the cxcr4 surface expression was also examined by flow cytometry analysis .	方法:采用基因芯片和rtpcr对两个细胞线中cxcr4mrna的表达进行研究 , 并采用流式细胞分析法测定cxcr4表面表达 。
the performance nevertheless missed wall street expectations , as the new yorkbased life insurer raised capital for its $15 . 5 billion purchase of american life insurance co . , or alico .	新约克的生活保险保险公司在美国生活保险公司上提高了155亿美元购买美国生活保险公司或许可证券的资本 。
build scripts in languages like groovy or ruby are more concise and easier to read . there’s less clutter , boilerplate code , and your build script can be structured better .	如graovy或ruby这样的语言中建立脚本更容易阅读 , 更容易地阅读 。
the fall of rome did not destroy one of the most important tenacious and significant aspects of the old culture , the roman catholic church , which remained and became the central fact for the new culture .	罗马的秋季并没有摧毁了新文化最重要的思想和重要方面之一 , 罗马天主教会 , 仍然成为新文化的中心事实 。
mr paisley , who leads the dup , the largest unionist party , is an 80yearold protestant cleric who has spent his life denouncing the very idea of a rapprochement with republican leaders like mr adams .	巴西利先生 , 最大的联盟主义党 , 是一个80岁的抗议客户 , 他曾经花了他的生命宣布与共和党领导人一样共和党领导人共和党领导人共和党的想法 。
in america babyboomers are flooding into retirement ; in europe the market is greying ; and in india and china the large number of graduates masks low numbers of truly highquality candidates .	在美国的婴儿体育家正在流入退休 , 欧洲市场正在灰化 ; 印度和印度 , 中国大量的大量的学生数量的高质量候选人数 。
the 1974 neonoir movie “chinatown” was based on the insider land grab by speculators and the bitter water wars the department of water and power fought during the 1930s with owens valley residents .	1974年的尼生尔电影 " chinatown " 基于内部土地格局 , 通过投机者和比特水战争在20世纪30年代与owenens谷居民的水和电力部门 。
on m111 engine test bench , using the test methods specified in gb/t19230 . 62003 , the effect of different oils to deposits at air inlet valve and combustion chamber of the engine is studied .	利用gb/t19230.62003指定的m11发动机试验方法 , 研究了不同油在空气输入阀和燃烧室中的作用 。
if several hundred thousand more haitians were able to migrate , those dominican , honduran or salvadoran numbers suggest that remittances to haiti would give its economy a huge and continuing jolt .	如果数百多名海地人能够移民 , 这些多米尼亚、荷兰或萨尔瓦多纳的数字建议 , 将会给海地的经济带来巨大的困难 。
perhaps people need to remember that china refused tosurrender to the japanese , and kept a third of the japanese armed forcesengaged , preventing them from being diverted to fight other alloed forces .	也许人们需要记住 , 中国拒绝对日本的游客 , 并且保持第三个日本武装语言 , 防止他们被转向其他合作力量 。
i guess i’m saying that even though i’m not making a significant direct financial input into our family , the volunteer work that i do is significant enough that some people get paid to do it .	我想我说 , 尽管我不会做出一个重要的直接金融输入到我们的家庭 , 志愿者工作 , 尽管有些人付出了很大的钱 。
vicki back atmosphere was more awkward . < /p> < p> 11 weeks old and rainbow and eat together , two people about good signal if one felt good on the old week to pinch his ear .	维基回到大气越来越多 。 </p><11周 , 老雨一起吃 , 两个人在老周觉得好信号 , 如果一个人觉得自己的耳朵很好 。
relatively new campaigning groups such as uk uncut will be joining traditional political attendees at the festival , including trade unions , as well as antinuclear , green and grassroots groups .	相对新的竞选团体 , 如英国联合国 , 将加入传统政治参加 , 包括贸易联盟、绿色、草地组织 。
the equilibrium temperatures of inclusion in pingbei area are characterized by double peak , which means at least two session of hydrocarbon filling occurred in the reservoir of pinghu formation .	采用双峰值对平北地区的平衡温度进行了分析 , 指出了平北地区的水碳含水量至少两次 。
the fluid was so hot that it made upper ordovician palaeotemperature go up 50 °c , and increased the hydrocarbongenerating rate of carbonate rock in ordovician 32 times at least .	这种流体太热 , 上牙性上部古生温度达到50°c , 至少32倍以上的碳酸盐岩生成率增加 。
treated with high temperature steam produced by the autoclave and pressure cooker , the influence of high temperature steam treatment on the content of gcg in green tea was studied in this article .	研究了高温蒸汽生产的自动溶剂和压力烹饪器 , 研究了高温蒸汽处理对绿茶中的gcg含量的影响 。
the geometric model for target hitting analysis of predictive arctype trajectory is set up and its analytical solution is derived . this is a new algorithm for target hitting analysis .	建立了预测弧形轨迹的几何模型 , 建立了其分析解决方案 , 提出了一种新的目标攻击分析算法 。
in my opinion , having a dinner party can of couse reinforces the friendship among the friends . but it won't be forgoten that we shouldn't lay others' pain aside , while enjoying ourselves .	在我看来 , 有一个晚宴会可以加强朋友之间的友谊 , 但我们不能忘记别人在外面的痛苦 , 而享受自己的喜爱 。
the pavilion was made out of 12 translucent orange cylinders housing the exhibit's various functions: conference room , information booth , food stand , and advertising column , for example .	例如 , 展览的各种功能:会议室、信息发布、食品站、广告列、广告列等 。
as a gift to 2012 sinoseychelles culture year , the final of global cultural ambassador will be held on pearl on indian oceanbeautiful archipelago country seychelles .	作为2012年中海文化的礼物 , 全球文化大使最后将在印度海洋上举行珍珠 。
the japanese industry pavilion is quite near to the pavilion of urban civilization . japan has always paid great attention to participating in world expos , and surely it will not disappoint you .	日本工业馆在城市文明馆附近很近 , 日本一直关注世界博览会 , 确保它不会消失你 。
nowadays , our markets include southern and eastern europe , australia , middle east , southeastern asia and america , and we have regular shipment to many of these destinations monthly .	目前 , 我们的市场包括南欧、东欧、澳大利亚、中东、东南亚、东南亚和美洲 , 我们每月都有常规的货物 。
article 35 2 limit orders for options contracts may state that the order must be executed immediately or else be canceled , or must be executed immediately in full or else be canceled .	第三十五条选项合同的有限订单可能表示 , 必须立即执行订单 , 或者必须立即执行完全或其他人 。
wellknown for the loyalty to his sovereign , jeong mongju is a poet , scholar and famous minister who believes in confucianism during the gongmin and simwu dynasties of korea .	著名的忠诚为他的主权 , 蒋蒙是一首诗人 , 学者和著名部长 , 相信儒家在朝鲜和韩国时代的诗人 。
women's or girls' suits , ensembles , jackets , blazers dresses , skirts , divided skirts , trousers , bib and brace overalls , breeches and shorts	女性或女孩的服装 , 装配 , 夹克 , 夹克 , 夹克服 , 裙子 , 裙子 , 分布的裙子 , 裤子 , 裤子 , 衣服 , 手镯整体 , 胸部和短裤 。
have " big sen " of business is drawing a voice to draw the color earth as the good believerses or the descriptions in the future fine blue print , or point out future generations maze ;	具有 " 大意义 " 的业务正在绘制一个声音 , 作为良好的信仰者或未来的蓝色印刷 , 或指出未来的一代宏观 ;
this result discloses that gekko gecko may improve ovulatory function of patients with anovulatory dysfunctional uterine bleeding , anovulatory infertility , and so on .	研究结果表明 , gekogecko可能提高卵巢功能障碍患者的血管功能 , 血管功能障碍 , 血管不孕等 。
objective to illustrate the mechanism and significance of increased diagnostic rate of brachial plexus injuries using electromyographic examination of phrenic and accessory nerves .	目的探讨用电子图学检查和接入神经的诊断率增加的机理和意义 。
by combining with some project example , the bridge navigable clear width are calculated and analyzed . in addition , several advices are put forward for implementing current navigation standard .	通过结合某些项目实例 , 计算了桥梁可导航宽度的计算和分析 , 提出了几种建议 , 实现当前导航标准 。
yet there was one more surprise left in this uruguay team , with maxi pereira's injurytime strike turning the last minutes of the game into wetyourpants time for holland's defenders .	然而 , 在这个乌拉圭队中有一个令人惊讶的是 , 马西·佩拉的伤病时候 , 将最后一分钟的比赛转变成了荷兰的防守者的时候 。
pop singer mariah carey was born on march 27 , 1970 in huntington , n . y . to an irishamerican opera singer mother and an africanvenezuelan engineer father .	1970年3月27日 , 波普歌手玛丽出生于华盛顿 , 到了一位爱尔兰裔美术歌手 , 以及一位非洲的工程师父亲 。
however grist , the local force's equine liaison officer , cautioned drivers that they could face assault charges if their flag flew off and struck a pedestrian or a cyclist and hurt them .	然而 , 当地部队的平静的利亚松官员称 , 如果他们的旗帜飞出 , 他们就会面临如果他们的旗帜飞行 , 或者骑行员或骑车撞击 。
in 1968 , with memories of the sixday war with israel fresh in arab minds , he caused a furore by kissing a jewish woman , barbra streisand , in the movie funny girl .	1968年 , 随着以色列的六天战争记忆 , 在阿拉伯思想中 , 他通过吻了一位犹太妇女 , 巴巴巴拉·斯里斯里德在电影里的女孩 。
the village stands far behind , and the streams that jog through the soft green valleys all about have as little knowledge of the seas as the threeyear old child of the storms and passions of manhood .	村庄远处于远处 , 沿着柔软的绿谷的溪流 , 大约有很少的知识 , 是三年来的风暴和热情的男子 。
their works not only expressed the depressed and discontented history and the palpitate unstable soul of ci poets , but reached the perfect fusion of current affairs and the aesthetic specialty of ci .	他们的作品不仅表达到了抑郁的历史和不稳定的民族诗歌的不稳定灵魂 , 而且达到了当前事务的完美融合和审美特色 。
modest pattinson , dubbed rpatz by fans , admitted he was still getting used to the fan hysteria , which kicked off in 2008 when he first played vampire edward cullen in the first twilight movie .	2008年 , 由球迷们所承认 , 他仍然被用来到了球迷赫斯特尼亚 , 当他在第一次打球迷爱德华·卡伦在第二次电影中打败的时候 。
when the crisis unfolded and markets devalued all banks across the board , investors picked up seemingly cheap stock , expecting earnings to normalize in 18 to 24 months , ocampo said .	奥巴马说 , 当危机不折叠和市场价值全部银行时 , 投资者采取似乎廉价的股票 , 预计18至24个月的收益正常化 。
meanwhile , further arms cuts , both hope , might smooth the path to agreement on boosting the battered nuclear nonproliferation treaty at its fiveyearly review in 2010 ;	同时 , 进一步的武器削减 , 两者都希望 , 平滑的路径 , 同时同意在2010年的五年的复习中提高电池非增殖治疗的协议 ;
spain's carles puyol scores a goal past germany's goalkeeper manuel neuer during the 2010 world cup semifinal soccer match at moses mabhida stadium in durban july 7 , 2010 .	2010年7月7日 , 西班牙的马布希达球场在2010年世界杯半决赛中 , 普莱尔在德国超级球场比赛中扮演了一个目标 。
in a sign of increasing confidence in the pace of recovery , ford said it would begin to push its inventory levels over the 400 , 000vehicle level that it has maintained in recent months .	福特说 , 在恢复过程中 , 增加信心的迹象中 , 将开始推动其库存水平在近几个月内保持的4000000辆汽车水平 。
downing street said prime minister david cameron has decided to stop using the treasury as his personal photographer of two wages , so as to avoid " the wrong signal to the public release . "	下街说 , 总理大卫卡梅隆决定停止作为他的个人摄影师 , 因此避免 " 公众发布的错误信号 " 。
since being elected president in february 2010 , mr yanukovych has moved in two directions , consolidating his personal power but also pursuing economic integration with the european union .	自从2010年2月选举以来 , 元科夫奇先生在两个方向上移动 , 巩固自己个人权力 , 同时也追求经济整合 。
other features include electric starter with recoil backup , single lever hydraulic disc front brakes , hydraulic rear foot brake , stamped steel wheels , and comes in indy red .	其他特点包括电动启动器 , 用复制 , 单杠液压盘前刹车 , 液压后脚刹 , 悬挂钢轮 , 进入红色 。
on a large television screen the previous day , elisabeth , 42 , had confronted her father with the full horror of her 24year ordeal in hour after hour of harrowing prerecorded testimony .	在前一天大电视屏幕上 , 伊丽莎白 , 42岁 , 她的父亲面临着她的父亲 , 在24年的时间内 , 她的父亲和她的24岁的口号 。
organizers hope the dinner will raise $185 , 000 for the royal parks , which provided the setting for scenes in the second film in the series , " bridget jones: the edge of reason . "	组织者希望晚餐将提高185万美元 , 为皇家公园提供了第二部电影的场景 , " 桥琼斯:原因的边缘 。
since independence from britain in 1956 , sudan's northern leaders have fought to extend their power throughout the rebellious south , waging a civil war for all but 11 of the past 48 years .	自从1956年从英国独立出发 , 苏丹北部领导人在反叛的南方扩大了他们的权力 , 为了所有48年的民事战争 。
that is , until the great archaeological discoveries of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries , which unearthed for us the great civilizations of the ancient near east , of which i have drawn a remarkably lifelike map ] here on the board: mediterranean , i always start with the mediterranean ocean , the nile river , the tigris and the euphrates .	这就是 , 直到十九世纪的伟大的考古发现 , 直到十二世纪的发现 , 为了我们在东部的伟大的文明 , 我已经画出了一幅相似的生命地图 。
sanford c . bernstein analyst jeffrey lindsay estimates yahoo's standalone value at closer to $25 per share , leaving out any deal with microsoft or google . yahoo shares closed at $25 . 72 on tuesday .	桑福德.伯恩斯坦分析师jeffreylndsay估计雅虎的独立价值在附近达到25美元 , 每股25美元 , 留出了微软或谷歌的任何交易 。
and all of a sudden he had a crisis well , i'm not going to get into the depth of it but our banks , because they wanted to make more and more moneyand our investment bank , wall streetkept issuing different paper against mortgages so it made it simple to give a mortgage .	突然他遇到了危机 , 我不会进入这家银行的深度 , 因为他们想赚更多的钱 , 以及我们的投资银行 , 华尔街头发布不同的报纸 。
copies of these works , totaling 381 bundles , have been distributed so as to render them accessible to european scholars . prof . jayadeva singh writes in his " introduction to madhyamika philosophy " .	这些作品的复制 , 总共有381磅 , 所以 , 为了把它们发送给欧洲学者 。 杰雅达瓦教授写到他的 " 引入马达米哲学 " 。
the japanese artists isobe katsushiro and mizuno ryo continue to follow japanese beau ideal style , one draws the insect world with his pencils , another builds the weird atmosphere with his ball pens .	日本艺术家isobekatsushiro和mizunoryo继续遵循日本美丽的理想风格 , 其中一幅画出了其铅笔的昆虫世界 , 另一层建造了它的大气氛 。
portugal has several other tourism regions such as douro sul , templários , dãolafões , costa do sol , costa azul , planície dourada , etc . most of them are unknown to tourists and locals alike .	葡萄牙有几个其他旅游区 , 比如多欧元苏尔、温普里奥、德斯塔·索尔、科斯塔多尔、科斯塔尔、科西多拉多等地区 , 他们都不知道旅游客和地方 。
