there is a television in the middle of living room .	住房中心有一个电视 。
they will spend a lot of money on new buildings .	他们将花很多钱在新建筑上花很多钱 。
ifnecessary , we shall send a telegram home .	如果必要 , 我们将电话家发送电话家 。
and you fixed them up with the plasters in your firstaid kit .	你在第一个厨房中固定他们 。
the notsosubtle juxtaposition is inescapable .	注释混凝土是可吸附的 。
he's pasturing his cattle on the top meadow .	他在顶部的adad上传递了他的猫 。
but his teacher commented: " you are not in yet . "	但是他的老师评论: " 你不在 。 "
but this was also a year in which the chinese dream showed clearly .	但是这也是中国梦的一年 。
i shall join the lunch on 17 october 2010 .	我要加入17月17日的午餐 。
he can whisper mellifluous nothings in my ear .	他可以在我的耳朵里没有什么东西 。
the supply of raw material has been greatly reinforced .	原料的供应很大加强 。
this kind of walking tractor runs on diesel oil .	这类行车运行在柴油上运行 。
i bought a plastic cover for a typewriter .	我买了一种塑料覆盖 。
it had the spiral structure revealed by congo red .	由于哥尔戈红发出的精神结构显示 。
because we're students we get in free of charge .	因为我们学生免费收费费 。
this is what psychologists dream about at night .	这是晚上心理学家梦想的梦想 。
let us know , let us pursue the knowledge of the lord .	我们知道 , 让我们追求耶和华的知识 。
that he's not going to suddenly be left adrift .	那他不会突然留下来 。
to assail with stinging criticism ; excoriate .	为了评审批评价 ; 专业 。
example: a woman is married to mr . zhao .	例如:一个女人结婚赵先生 。
i won 100 dollars in the scratch lottery .	我赢得100美元 。
is it too much to ask for a little precipitation ?	这太多要求一个小精神吗 ?
his efforts were defeated by the forces of reaction .	他的努力被反应力失败 。
contact the old knowledge , revealing new lesson .	接触老知识 , 揭示新课 。
and here in london , you have a lot of africans .	在伦敦 , 你有很多非洲人 。
definitely huaqing pool . it's the most famous .	确实是华盛池 , 它是最著名的 。
and all my little candle flames burned out ;	我的小蜡烛都烧掉了 ;
i've called it 'wikiwiki . '	我被称为 " wiwiwikikiiki " 。
sickness is suffering , death is suffering ;	疾病是受害的 , 死亡是严重的 ;
indicate the operating sound level for each valve .	指示每个阀门操作声水平 。
the children were marshalled into straight lines .	孩子把孩子放在直线 。
b:here is viewing fish at rower harbor .	b:here正在看着浏览汉堡的鱼 。
at a party in paris after violetta's return .	在巴黎之后 , 维罗塔回来 。
some of you have come fresh from narrow jail cells .	你有些人来自纳勒jail细胞 。
salma asks her husband when the couple get home .	阿尔玛问她丈夫在夫家的时候 。
i take a deep inhale , depressed at the freshness .	我带着深海 , 在新鲜的地方 。
i was an editor in morningstar from 2003 to 2007 .	我是从2003年到2007年的一个编辑器 。
with such a great victory come unreasonably great expectations .	随着这样一个伟大的胜利来自于不合理的预期 。
steven: i have a lot of wark to do in the company recently .	史蒂芬:我最近在公司做很多战争 。
but that of the fixed dunes is the contention between species .	但是 , 固定的因素是物种之间的内容 。
on hearing that , her face went white to the lips .	在听到那里 , 她的脸白了嘴唇 。
it is not enough to say there is some economic growth .	说 , 经济增长不足 。
how dirty the house is ! it has many dust bunnies .	房子是多么困难的 ! 它有很多灾难 。
then joshua let the people go away , every man to his heritage .	然后 , 每个人都走到他的遗产 。
in case there is a collision of characters libra should concede .	在案例中 , 字符列表应该有一个协调 。
on the way home , several passersby wished me well .	在家里 , 几个旅客希望我很好 。
figure 3 shows a screenshot of the doap home page .	图3显示了适应家页面的屏幕 。
one car come , one car go , two car bongbong , one people die .	一辆车走了 , 两辆车 , 一个人死亡 。
his list ultimately became church policy .	他的列表最终成为教堂政策 。
the ancient wild alone and dolphins connector .	古老的野生和多酚连接器 。
i swear on my honour that i knew nothing about this .	我对我的荣耀 , 我知道没有什么东西 。
the first concept was the use of the bind/unbind methods .	第一概念是使用bind/unbind方法的使用 。
orlando bloom had a couple of broken ribs ;	奥兰多·布洛有几个破产风险 ;
sophistry is a kind of special negative thought .	哲学是一种特殊的负面思想 。
i think it's one of the best things about life in london	我认为这是伦敦生活最好的东西之一 。
okay , we know . this is the opposite of plan 3 .	好的 , 我们知道 , 这是计划3的反对 。
the person , even the child , mose choose for himself .	这个人 , 即使孩子 , 妈选择自己 。
sexologist's home turned into education center	性学家的家庭转变为教育中心 。
you can watch the parleys . com keynote .	你可以看到公园 。 comkeynote 。
storage for ten months in shady room and dry place .	存储10个月的山东房间和干燥地方 。
an option of viewing each of them in detail is given .	给出了每个细节的视图 。
i bought a spray shampoo in a pet shop .	我在宠物店购买了一个蜘蛛鲨鱼 。
those attributes are used by the system and should not be modified .	这些属性是由系统所使用的 , 不应修改 。
this time the croc goes after jack's dog minty .	这个时候 , 杰克的狗的小狗去了 。
jalo has forgotten that he fell off his bicycle .	杰尔已经忘记了他在自己的生物周期 。
attendant: certainly . cream and sugar ?	注意者:当然 , 奶和糖吗 ?
his reception however was of the most flattering kind .	然而 , 他的概念是最平洋的 。
tan mei met john at the park again .	谭梅在公园上遇到约翰 。
i have lost my dictionary . please lend me yours .	我失去了我的方言 , 请给我 。
why is english article use so difficult ?	为什么英语用这么困难 ?
that's how we got to the fahrenheit scale .	这是我们怎样得到fahreheheit脚本 。
she rarely spoke , she had no connection with the world .	她很少说话 , 她没有与世界联系 。
the loops are connected by a crossover section .	锁定由交叉的部分连接连接 。
krämer: i find the us initiative highly problematic .	克雷默:我找到美国机构问题 。
don't go for a usual all things tech blog .	不要为一个通常的技术博客 。
no . that’s how people refer to little girls .	没有 。 这是人们如何参考小女孩 。
she waited patiently for frances to finish .	她等待法国的法国 。
all locks have the following basic attributes	所有的锁定都有下列基本属性 。
b: these are the various kinds of packing for pliers .	b:这些是各种包装的包装 。
directly across was the arco building .	直接是阿拉科建筑 。
c1400 the great vowel shift begins .	c1400大窗口开始 。
this is called the monotonic property of entailment .	这被称为零售属性 。
they are my older brother and younger sister .	他们是我的老兄弟和年轻妹 。
so , what does the family protect behoove to do ?	所以 , 家庭保护什么 ?
oh fiona found out she had some money in her pocket .	哦 , 离开发现她在她的袋子里有一些钱 。
" none of us had ever been one on one with him , " she said .	她说: " 没有人和他一起 , " 她说 。
now before magnycours we had a very strong test there .	现在 , 在马格伦哥哥哥 , 我们有一个很强的测试 。
amy is smaller than sue . sue is smaller than lee .	太阳比太阳更小 。 太阳比叶更小 。
there’s no getting away from it , if you’re irish .	如果你是爱丽丝 。
soft skin , red lips , so kissable .	软皮肤 , 红唇 , 可吻 。
note that metadata is stored in the storage cluster .	注意到元数据存储在存储集群中 。
he is perfect as the sensitive but strong reporter .	他是敏感的 , 但更强的记者 。
all it sees are elements that all look and behave the same .	所有它都看到的元素都是相同的 。
a file system must be unmounted to be reformatted .	文件系统必须被改革 。
lady: you mean , you were posessed ? father ?	拉迪:你意味着 , 你是谁 ? 父亲 ?
have a meatless monday recipe you think we should try ?	假期你觉得我们应该尝试吗 ?
supports j1939 through software switch setting .	支持j1939通过软件开关设置 。
my students have been working with the star festival .	我的学生曾经与星期工作 。
the winner is the first to draw three people in one space .	冬天是一个空间的第一次画三人 。
" three ! " zhang bin simply answer .	" 三 ! " 张宾简单答案 。
look no further than the amazing muscle maker !	看起来没有进一步比mazmcle制造商 !
eyebrows glued up into tiny peaks .	眼睛浏览成小桃 。
abandoned away by her lover , she pined away .	离开她的爱者 , 她走了 。
listing 2 is an example php function .	清单2是一个例子函数 。
the lucky ones do not always have the best .	幸运的人不总是有最好的 。
administrative districts: 10 parishes .	行政区:10个公园 。
the news sent a shudder through the audience .	消息通过观众发送一个udder 。
the batteries then drive motors in the wheels .	然后在轮子上驱动电机 。
please return the completed form to your school .	请返回您的学校 。
a picture worths one thousand words .	一张照片值得数千个字 。
i feel this is entirely the wrong answer .	我觉得这是错误答案 。
inside the firewall , there is no anonymity .	在火墙内 , 没有匿名性 。
the snow , frost , and hail return .	雪 , 霜 , 海水回来 。
the tyres were old and had been smooth .	典型是老的 , 被烟雾 。
your partner may be somewhat irritable this week .	你的伙伴可能是这个星期 。
i have been acting contrary to all my sense of right ;	我对我的权利的行动相反 ;
remove chain drive wheel from crankshaft .	远离链驱动轮从cankhaft 。
he is almost a herolike character on the campus .	他几乎是校园的英雄性格 。
but fate did not give them the opportunity to continue .	但是 , 鱼并没有给他们继续的机会 。
i am going to redraw it horizontally .	我要把它放下来 。
shoes are too close together on conveyor .	购物太接近交易商 。
taxidriver : ok . is that your luggage ?	塔西弗:好吧 ?
increment real constant table number by rinc .	加强现实的表数 。
he was sent by his father to go to college .	他被他的父亲送到大学 。
" we need more of this kind of thing , " one shouts .	" 我们需要更多的东西 , " 一个短暂 。
the soviet knight is dying inside his armor .	苏联的杀手在他的阵容中死亡 。
water went down his throat and he started to choke .	他开始选择 。
she has looks like flowers and spirit like jade .	她看起来像花和精神一样 。
what kind of land do they live in ? is it good or bad ?	他们住在哪种土地呢 ? 它是好坏呢 ?
we prepared a picnic and drove down by the river .	我们在河上制备了一辆火车 , 下降了一辆火车 。
hurt , injure , or otherwise maim the bastard .	伤害 , 伤害 , 或其他的伤害 。
no , i think you can go . i don't even get flan ?	不 , 我认为你可以去吧 。 我甚至不会去法国吗 ?
from the day’s chores , pause a minute	从那天的教会里 , 路过一分钟 。
what christ said to his mother made her want to cry .	基督徒说母亲要哭 。
ireland reports the lowest temperature in 50 years .	伊利兰报道 , 最低温度的报告 。
if you think of ideas as these more abstract things .	如果你认为这些想法更具吸引力的东西 。
ater a semester , i yearn to see may parents .	一个学期 , 我去看父母 。
if you don't , she's not likely to call you back .	如果你不要 , 她不可能叫你回来 。
methods raw material dissolved in methanol ;	方法对甲醇的原料溶解 ;
e is for her eyes , with love—light shining .	对于她的眼睛 , 爱情 , 闪烁 。
but credit is the lifeblood of the car business .	但是信用是汽车业生命的生命 。
there is a sequence imposed on you by the author .	作者有一个序列冲击 。
do you have the experience to go out in your pajama ?	你有经历在你的pajama的经验 ?
its legs are short and strong with hard hairs .	它的腿很短 , 头发很强 。
my brother and his wife are a happy couple .	我的兄弟和他的妻子是一个幸福的夫妻 。
but there is much uncertainty about what it will involve .	但是 , 关于它会涉及的东西 。
and so we get mired in decisionmaking quicksand .	所以我们在决策中得到了错误 。
i'm going straight home after the play . what about you ?	我在赛后 , 什么 ? 什么 ?
his actions were not in consonance with his words .	他的行动并非与他的话联系 。
this is my father . he's tall and strong .	这是我的父亲 , 他很高 , 强劲 。
but they were too terrified to fall asleep .	但是他们太恐慌了睡眠 。
and what he does is writes this equation here .	他在这里写了这个方程 。
he was a pagan ... who worshiped idols .	他是一个巴根...谁担心的老人 。
in that numbers game it converged to 1 .	在这个数字游戏中 , 它转换到1 。
please change to a single room with a bath .	请改变单房间 。
but the thing about change is it’s disruptive .	但是 , 改变的事情是不断的 。
the executioner had never seen anything like this !	执行者从来没有看到这样的事情 !
overjoyed , she dashed out of the house .	她穿着房子 。
bitterness imprisons life ; love releases it .	生命 ; 爱释放它 。
it turned our homes into funeral tents .	它转变了我们的家庭 。
or maybe curiosity is a better word .	或是可能性是一个更好的词 。
so this is where the mixing of the solute comes in .	所以这是溶液的混合物 。
can you give me a lift to the next town ? ;	你能给我带到下一个城镇吗 ?
enter a few new lines after the input box .	在输入箱之后 , 进入几条新的线路 。
a:what did uncle green come here for ?	一个:不清的绿色吗 ?
request that all communication be in writing .	请求所有通信都在写作 。
miniskirts were in fashion last summer .	去年夏天 , 米斯基尔在秋天 。
it can even cause disharmony in a family .	它甚至可以引起家庭的蒙蒙蒙 。
a site has been chosen for the new school .	新学校的一个网站已经开了 。
he replaced his brother as goalkeeper .	他把他的兄弟当作目标 。
this tea tasted of orange blossoms .	这个橙色的血液 。
karen zhou is perhaps an exception .	卡伦州也许是一个外部 。
conductor: silverplated copper wire ;	导体:银镀铜线 ;
i haven't recovered from jet lag yet .	我还没有从jetglag恢复 。
a torch symbolizes the brightness .	火炬象征着亮度 。
the moon shines fully into west tower .	月亮飞进西塔 。
he raised those goats from newborn kids .	他从新生孩子中提升这些山羊 。
but first , someone had to get them into their transport tanks .	但是首先 , 有人必须把他们的运输任务 。
display them in their rooms when they’re done .	当他们做的时候显示他们的房间 。
then light the thing on fire and burn it .	然后把火烧掉了 。
other chapters are available in our elibrary .	其他章都可以在我们的图书馆中使用 。
keep in mind that is bad is not abandoned .	在心里 , 是坏不被废弃的 。
still , no matter what , the debt will be huge .	然而 , 不管怎样 , 债务会很大 。
i remember back then , i met you on my way home .	我记得回来 , 我在家里遇见你 。
we stopped the clock at $3200 per head .	我们停止3200美元 。
if you had clock problems , you will need to fix those .	如果你有钟问题 , 你需要固定这些 。
juicers equipment , users need to contact me .	司法设备 , 用户需要接触我 。
the policy doesnot base on the will of the people .	政策不依靠人民的愿望 。
he was dozing in the hammock when i called .	当我叫做的时候 , 他正在做 。
please attach a passportsized photo .	请注意一个传递的照片 。
elephant , your ears are like cymbals .	耳朵 , 你的耳朵像圆形 。
rooster: hey , are you free friday ?	罗斯特:嘿 , 你是免费的星期五 ?
figure 3 . roundrobin's at the top !	图3.罗宾在顶部的顶部 !
i overdid it at work and damaged my heart .	我在工作和伤害我的心 。
i felt some breeze in that one . smile .	我觉得在那里感到一些惊讶的笑容 。
greenfly can literally suck a plant dry .	绿色可以把植物的干燥 。
attacking midfielder , 18 , river plate	攻击中场18岁 , 河板18岁 。
by the way , i don't want a night flight .	这样 , 我不想一夜飞机 。
he missed the bus , because he got up late .	他错误了忙碌 , 因为他走晚了 。
the huntsman entered the forest , gun in hand .	猎人进入森林 , 枪手 。
our readers don’t like you . i don’t like you .	我们的读者不喜欢你 。 我不喜欢你 。
a knowledgable man knows he has limited knowledge .	一位知识的人知道他有限的知识 。
well , we could consider not putting in item 0 .	嗯 , 我们可以考虑在项目0中没有放松 。
why are all the best parties found on islands ?	为什么在岛上找到最好的伙伴 ?
have the straight and uppercut , many changes .	随着直线和上升 , 许多变化 。
the landlord put a new stove in my room .	在我的房间里 , 土地把一个新的储存 。
the company is a world leader in electrical goods .	本公司是一个世界领导者 。
more than a twirling wobble is implied .	超过一双双螺杆 。
the theory of fermi operator is developed .	开发了传感器操作器的理论 。
a deepening happens , as you teach .	正如你教学 。
we don't know him ! " exclaimed meg .	我们不知道他 ! "
next , you need to give it some data to parse .	接下来 , 您需要给它提供一些数据来解析 。
hiti te9 hammer drill for each bay .	hitite9锤钻出每个宝宝 。
he looked so dispirited i took pity on him .	他看起来是我在他看上去的 。
that was my first love , and i suspect hers , too .	这是我的第一爱 , 我怀疑她 。
do you require trading in nonhk stocks ?	你需要在非k股票交易吗 ?
vatel has been in my family for over 20 years now .	瓦特尔在我家的20年里 , 现在的汽车已经在我的家庭 。
an old dog will learn no new tricks .	一个老狗学不会学到新的攻击 。
minutes of board committee meetings	董事会议会议会议会议会议会议 。
people found hoarding during the famine were punished .	人们在死亡期间发现胡萝卜 。
fish begins to stink at the head .	鱼开始在头上 。
the connection member has a tapered hole .	连接成员拥有超孔 。
distinguish between an lvalue and rvalue .	在l值和r值之间分布 。
shine , and you cannot have any dissents .	你不能有任何疾病 。
okay . i have five minutes left .	好吧 。 我离开了五分钟 。
it's a time thing for the elephants .	这是一个时候的东西 。
tensiometers can be made small enough .	可制作小足够 。
how far away is dalian from lvshun ?	远远远远远远远远远是多远的 ?
where are the lightning arresters installed ?	灯光箭在哪里安装吗 ?
you have the same warm , sincere heart .	你有同样的战争 , 自从心 。
yet china quickly upended this consensus .	然而 , 中国迅速增长这一意见 。
who will win the battle for the backbones ?	谁会赢得背骨吗 ?
it urges you , instead , to live .	它鼓励你 , 相反 , 生活 。
i remember coming here once years ago .	我记得这里一次在这里 。
health administers to peace of mind .	健康管理者对思维和平 。
marty tried to keep his head during the fire .	玛丽试图保持他的头部 。
see ? picky eaters like food , too .	看见吗 ? 像食物 , 还有 。
his eyes gleamed with relief and joy .	他的眼睛和喜悦 。
" now we have to be sustainable , " he said .	" 现在我们必须坚持 , " 他说 。
there are lots of places to get startup capital .	有很多地方来开始资本 。
they are independent yet they are complementary .	他们还是独立的 。
the soldiers bedded down in a barn .	士兵们在一条熊中跳下来 。
the environment not bad , quite clean .	环境不坏 , 质量清洁 。
michelle: i didn’t know you were going .	迈克尔:我不知道你去 。
he lowered his voice to a whisper .	他的声音降低了一位whiper 。
japan gas appliances inspection assn .	日本气运用检查人员 。
oh , he's a white sox fan ?	哦 , 他是白色的扇子吗 ?
a love triangle of the most grotesque kind .	最爱的三角 。
always take your finesses , ' she said .	她说: " 总是用你的财务 , " 她说 。
no , thanks . i'm quite full .	不 , 谢谢 。 我非常完美 。
a partial interest of any nature is insurable .	任何自然的特殊兴趣是可保证的 。
i hope he can see the movie next time .	我希望他能看到电影 。
soup henqing , almost no oil .	汤汤宁 , 几乎没有油 。
both these books and those clothes are mine .	这些书和那些衣服都是矿物 。
sit cross legged on the floor .	坐在地板上 。
but it is also an existential struggle .	但是它也是一个现有的斗争 。
the ship struck the rocks head on .	这艘船在船上飞行 。
he was driven by necessity to steal .	他被必要驱动 。
in our class there are fiftyone students .	在我们班里有五名学生 。
i ' ll buy that for a dollar !	我买一美元 !
you delight to fish in troubled waters .	你将鱼放在混合水中 。
i will take my leave , like a butterfly .	我会带我的叶子 , 像一个蝴蝶 。
i want a 3piece mafiastyle suit .	我想要一个3pimafile配套 。
pasquale giunta: sure there are .	传统礼物塔:确保这里 。
the designated holotype species has not been found .	设计的孔类型并未发现 。
but nobody saw her copying the name .	但是没有人看到她的名字 。
oxen have made great contributions to the world .	奥森对世界的贡献有很大的贡献 。
put the long ruler in the pencil box .	把珍珠箱放在长期的铁路 。
others say only if they cheat , or abuse you .	其他人说 , 他们只要奶酪 , 或者买你 。
how do you cope when your brain locks up ?	你怎样在你的大脑锁起来吗 ?
i would fly to the moon if i had wings .	我会飞到月球 , 如果我走的话 。
honey , where is my benz actually ?	蜜 , 我真的是我的贝西 ?
this tree . times when it was , were young .	这棵树 。 当时 , 年轻的时候 。
and , after all , we are harvard so we know .	毕竟 , 我们知道 , 所以我们知道 。
the umpire lost his cap and his cool .	圣殿失去了他的猫和他的冷却 。
one 1970 stop still gives him chills .	一个1970年停止他的技巧 。
then he punches tweener in the chest .	然后他把tweer放在胸部 。
defarge was pleased at their arrival .	防守者在他们的阵容上高兴 。
i wanted greenberg to be my pollster .	我想要绿莓是我的后面 。
he also wrote preface for the monograph .	他还写了蒙诺图书的表面 。
violet said that she would reach the border .	维罗特说 , 她会达到边界 。
the man abstracted a pen from my pocket .	男子从我的袋子里抽出一笔笔笔 。
she will run over her lines in the evening .	她会在晚上运行她的线路 。
he plays the violin better than mary .	他比玛丽更好 。
he splashed in the heavy rain .	他在高雨中喷出来 。
" why ? " tom snorted .	" 为什么 ? " 汤姆叫道 。
does she always dress that badly ?	她总是穿着那个坏吗 ?
we'll have to start when sophia gets back .	我们必须开始回来 。
i watched the cow when she said moo !	当她说妈妈的时候 , 我看着牛奶 !
dennis , what're you talking about ?	丹尼 , 你谈论什么 ?
the steak is as tough as leather . ;	蒸汽是足够的 ;
sue: do you have don's number ?	苏:你没有数字 ?
how long does it take to make an evening dress ?	怎么长时间要做晚衣服 ?
cataracts can affect your vision .	反应能影响你的视觉 。
washing machine motor vbelts ;	洗机电机v管 ;
the young tree has struck root .	这棵年轻的树木有火箭 。
she licked the honey off the spoon .	她把蜜蜂放在太空里 。
let's learn english songs .	让我们学英语歌曲 。
because it has to drop off precipitously .	因为它必须降低精确的 。
b:yes , it's getting dark .	是的 , 黑暗 。
we owe our existence to these variations .	我们允许我们的存在变化 。
so you take two documents and diff them .	所以你需要两个文档 , 把它们挖掘 。
what makes a good system verification tester ?	怎么做好系统验证测试 ?
a: what would say was the lowest point in your point ?	答:你的点是最低点 ?
we learn not in school , but in life .	我们学不在学校 , 但生活中 。
li lei beat jim and won the first place .	李佳 , 第一地赢得第一位 。
que: did you have sex every time she came ?	问:你每次都有性感吗 ?
one feels so alone when it is cold .	一个感觉很冷 。
he is the only son in a family of three .	他是三家的唯一儿子 。
thank you for calling japan airlines .	感谢您呼吁日本航空线 。
may the lord save us from all heresies .	耶和华拯救我们 。
piani would tell them they had shot me .	钢琴会告诉他们有枪我 。
where is monsieur le maire going ?	在哪里是蒙丽丽丽丽丽丽丽的玛丽 ?
you win some , you lose some . that is life .	你赢得一些 , 你会失去一些 。 这是生命 。
then we could insist on that target ;	然后我们可以坚持这个目标 ;
that year , that day , we are stranger .	今年 , 我们是陌生人 。
his body was found in the floor hole .	他的身体被发现在地板洞里 。
knive are used to cut things .	厨房用来切割东西 。
how can jiancaigong without rain !	如何不雨 !
peace is always relational .	和平总是关系 。
what do jack russells do ?	杰克·鲁塞塞塞斯做什么 ?
do not lure her away from her duty .	不要把她从她的双方走出来 。
did the wisteria blossom this year ?	今年 , 西方的血液吗 ?
i wonder what this night will bring .	我觉得这晚会带来什么 。
you forgive me for being so pathetic .	你对我来说是这样的痛苦 。
we walked far into the woods .	我们走进木材 。
a:forgive me for interrupting you .	一:让我解释你 。
jeff loves to play with jayden .	杰夫喜欢玩jayden 。
i don't want to be told grow up .	我不想告诉生长 。
it is not that you are just vegetating .	这并非你只是蔬菜 。
before you get another oil change , stop !	在你得到另一油变化之前 , 停止 !
the intruders shot up the town .	这个仪器把城镇吹起来 。
there are not apples on the appletree .	在苹果树上 , 苹果没有苹果 。
all things change , and we change with them .	所有的事情变化 , 我们与他们改变 。
so they drove boner out of the door .	因此 , 他们从门口出来 。
i think their last win was just a fluke .	我认为他们最后赢得只是一个荧光 。
besides , he is only a baby .	另外 , 他只是一个孩子 。
lily some money me the other week .	莉莉有些钱给我另一周 。
it was paisley's first visit .	这是巴西第一次访问 。
they're rewarded for their waiting .	他们正在向他们等待 。
i'm trying to sleep .	我试着睡眠 。
both can be treated with braces .	两者都可以用大脑治疗 。
and its government is enraged .	政府被抓住 。
there is a purple from below .	下面有一个追求 。
can i get a mike in on patrick ?	我可以在包里找一个错误 ?
i heard somebody skirling .	我听见有人跳舞 。
he is the sower of the good seed .	他是好种子的南方 。
we have to change trains at didcot .	我们必须改变训练 。
beat me half to death with it .	把我死了一半死亡 。
he ate too many hamburgers .	他吃太多炸弹 。
she was popeyed with amazement .	她被聚集的邮件 。
and then art on the weekends .	然后在周末的艺术 。
how big is a wolf's track ?	大狼的追踪吗 ?
large artery distensibility ;	大型动力障碍 ;
this completes the installation .	这完成安装 。
he just dabbles in politics .	他只是在政治方面的大坝 。
the bill was sent to her room .	比尔被送到她的房间 。
is your car manual or automatic ?	是你的汽车或汽车 ?
it helps you not be inside so much .	这帮助你不在这里 。
that's what i think finance is about .	这是我认为金融是什么 。
throw it at him ! i dare you !	把它扔到他 ! 我爸爸 !
what is unique about the program ?	关于程序的独特性 ?
why could i never please them ?	为什么我不能把他们放在吗 ?
welcome to the new dad guide !	欢迎迎迎新丹的指南 !
losers hangout with losers .	丧失者和失者谈判 。
a feeling of shame came over her .	感觉在她的感觉上来了 。
fasten seatbelt at all times .	所有时候 , 失去海岸 。
examine if this is a pattern .	如果这是一个模式 。
he really cares about his family .	他真的关心他的家庭 。
this brings me to my question .	这使我带来我的问题 。
please drive a bit faster!	请驾驶一个快乐 !
tingting seems nervous .	清洁似乎神经 。
it is for bird watchers .	这是鸟类的观众 。
she banged up the receiver .	她把接受器吹起来 。
i like your new hair style .	我喜欢你的新发风格 。
her hands smelt of fish .	她的手指味着鱼 。
but there's reason for hope .	但是有希望的原因 。
how did my papers get out of order ?	我的文章怎么办出订单吗 ?
she had a shock and conked out .	她有一个鞋子 , 走出来 。
how can you put a price on life ?	你怎样把价格放在生命上吗 ?
hope you understand what , hehe .	希望你知道什么 , 他听 。
i slept like a fat cat .	我睡得像一个脂肪猫 。
oh , so you feel the same way !	哦 , 你觉得同样的办法 !
rf output power over 4w ;	rf输出功率超过4w ;
many different leadership styles work .	许多不同的领导风格 。
you have many ways to kill your time .	你有很多方法杀死你的时间 。
here are so many oil jars .	这里有很多油珠 。
one rope here , one rope there .	一个绳子在这里 , 一个绳子 。
let's tie the knot !	让我们看不起 !
this service defines three operations	这个服务定义了三个操作 。
he spends gold like soil .	他花着金像土壤 。
let's take these in turn .	让我们把这些转变 。
power elevation mill head .	电源电源电源电源电源电源电源电源电源电源电源电源电脑 。
that gives me the creeps .	这给我睡眠 。
ianto: that's just me .	安托:这只是我 。
we are the host of andaz .	我们是阿拉齐的主题 。
it was from the sugar i think .	这是我想的糖 。
but why the redemption ?	但是为什么改革 ?
he is only a child of three .	他只有三个孩子 。
i think beyonce is hot !	我觉得是热 !
and put bomb craters in there .	把船员放在那里 。
the civets play two roles .	电视播放了两个角色 。
i've taken some small classes .	我有一些小类 。
join a startup and get stock .	加入启动并取得股票 。
slide out onto a large plate .	放到一个大板上 。
well , i love madrid !	嗯 , 我爱马德 !
it does have intentions .	它有注意力 。
do you have nosebleed ?	你有鼻子吗 ?
faugh dead u over !	面对死亡 !
what is the name of that process ?	这个过程的名称是什么 ?
one of my asq friend...	我的一个朋友...
of course i will come back .	当然我会回来 。
the other seven are tiny .	另外七个是小的 。
are you a selfstarter ?	你是自我的吗 ?
create a . toc file .	创建一个.toc文件 。
but it still does me good service .	但是它仍然是我好的服务 。
yeah . that's right .	是的 。 这是对的 。
so , what do i do with this ?	所以 , 我与此做什么 ?
when did you start to act ?	当你开始行动时 , 你开始行动吗 ?
would you like shampoo ?	你喜欢莎布奥 ?
my greatgrandmother .	我的母亲 。
that’s my girl .	这是我的女孩 。
we all are from shandong .	我们所有来自山东 。
are you a working poor ?	你是一个工作穷吗 ?
i learn chinese every day .	我每天都学习汉语 。
but the gang goes on .	然而 , 门上走了 。
he liked to do the same .	他喜欢做同样的 。
what's montague ?	什么印象吗 ?
time never comes back .	时间从来没有回来 。
as in organ donor .	作为组织捐赠者 。
are you a salesman ?	你是一个销售人 ?
we just don't know .	我们不知道 。
that can be done .	这可以做 。
i love my job !	我爱我的工作 !
trust is low .	信任低 。
these are foundational .	这些基础是基础 。
i could feel it !	我能感觉它 !
d a digit	d一个词汇 , 一个词汇 。
electronic truck scale construction process is simple and fast .	电子汽车扫描过程简单 , 快速 。
almighty father rushed to rescue these lost lambs you ...	阿尔米父亲急救这些失去的轰炸你...
the customer and developer negotiate a fixed price for the project .	客户和开发商谈判项目的固定价格 。
photo club took a photo shooting trip to mendocino ... more .	照片俱乐部有照片拍摄试图 , 更多 。
so the choice we make in our mid20s has to be a pretty smart one .	所以我们在中世纪20年代的选择必须成为一个先进的智能 。
but if i want a unit vector , then i should scale this down to length one .	但是如果我想要一个单位矢量 , 然后我应该把这个下长 。
weibian has vast iron inkstone wear , kousong notes that year hand .	weibian拥有大量的铁墨 , 金刚注意到年 。
they will continue mr . kabe as acting principal of the school .	他们将继续为学校的主任 。
let this represent the total energy of the incident electron .	让这代表了内电子的总能量 。
in recent years , aquaporins in the brain become a research hotspot .	近年来 , 大脑的季节成为研究热点 。
in the biological sense it's selfdecoding , storing and scanning .	在生物学意义下 , 它是自我编码、存储和扫描的 。
being unwanted , or failing to fulfil the expectations of parents	除非 , 或失败了父母的期望 。
fight the rapids as you kayak and raft down the vast mekong river .	战斗大河的迅速 , 降低了大河 。
disk systems will repair themselves or can be left unrepaired for years .	磁盘系统将重新修复自己 , 还可以留下一年 。
i practiced facial expressions , and i snarled like a wolf .	我实践的faal表达 , 我就像一个女人一样 。
this happens five or six times . the monkey is very angry .	这次发生了五次或六次 , 猴子非常愤怒 。
so we think the dwarf mutant " ddf1 " was ga insensitive .	所以我们认为dwarfmuter " ddf1 " 是气敏 。
and as it is in the floral tribe , so it is in god's kingdom .	正如它在鲜明的三角 , 所以它在上帝王国 。
there are many legends concerning the origins of lantern festival .	有很多传奇 , 担心劳伦节的原始 。
and in the case of women , that often included sexual assault .	在妇女的情况下 , 通常包括性哮喘 。
leep is an effective way to prevent the generation of cervical carcinoma .	ep是防止颈癌生成的有效途径 。
close the gate of the pen properly to prevent the sheep from getting away .	靠近凤凰的门口 , 防止羊 。
and the multitudes hearing it , were in admiration at his doctrine .	在他的医生中 , 多学者听到它 , 听到了多学习 。
paramedic: i see you've caught yourself a maroon shark .	我看到你自己的马伦·沙克 。
all right , mammy . i'll teach her to ride sidesaddle .	好的 , 妈妈 , 我要教她去骑边 。
it provides the opportunity to test unrelated applications running together .	为了测试不相关应用程序运行的机会 。
taihao had another name , fuxi , one of an ancient three emperors .	台海还有另一个名字 , 福西 , 一个古老的三名员 。
twists can help detoxify the internal organs and lymphatic system .	twist可以帮助解决内部组织和淋巴系统 。
male mallard ducks are famous for their long , spiraling genitalia .	男子马尔·杜克是他们的长期 , 精神病 。
even though that solves the immediate problem , the problem can still occur .	尽管如何解决直接问题 , 问题仍然会发生 。
see then that ye walk circumspectly , not as fools , but as wise .	然后看到 , 正如老婆 。
rubber mount ; finite element modeling ; static elastic characteristic ;	橡胶模块 ; 有限元模型 ; 静态弹性 ;
create china world cup bid shanghai langao road stadium construction ;	创建中国世界杯上海路球场建设 ;
however , in hsr territory , the issue is even more important .	然而 , 在hsr监督中 , 问题更重要 。
it's up to you whether you go or not . but i only have time on weekend .	你是否会去 , 但是我只有时间在周末的时间 。
personally , i think his biggest drawback is that like as one or more dualuse .	人类 , 我认为他的最大的图案是像一个或更多的双方 。
she gets pretty drunk and stumbles home in the wrong direction .	她在错误方向中得到了很好的干扰和刺激家 。
the num received payments from the trade unions of afghanistan .	阿富汗贸易协会的数量收到支付 。
being aware that we only have one life to live also reinforces that conviction .	意识到 , 我们只有一个生命 , 也能加强这项争议 。
this joy is unthinkable divided cheap wow gold from the peasants .	这个喜乐是不可避免的黄金 。
anyone who does not deny himself on that day must be cut off from his people .	任何人都不会忽视自己的那天 , 必须从他的人民 。
fancy hotels are beginning to accommodate both man and pets .	农业酒店开始推广两人和宠物 。
tracing the significance of wanxian incident and roar , china !	追踪王家居民和罗拉的重要性 , 中国 !
cath: hello , i'm cath , cath jones . what's your name ?	凯瑟:哦 , 我是凯恩 , 凯恩 。 你的名字吗 ?
mami is thinner friends are quite good , all my best wishes to all .	麦米是最好的朋友 , 我的愿望 。
behind this jolt was one of the world's most concentrated property bubbles .	后面是世界上最集中的专业泡沫之一 。
brownie , birdy and cowcow drank the honey cheerfully .	布朗妮 , 生命和牛奶喝蜜蜂 。
okay that's a straightforward either or . isn't it ?	好吗 ? 这是一个直向向前进的东西吗 ?
consumable market prosperity is stable , supply of goods is enough .	消费市场稳定 , 货物供应足够 。
and everybody was very against them , the bookstore , because , you know ,	每个人都反对他们 , 这本书店 , 因为你知道 , 你知道 。
bonds payable are the typical example of longterm liabilities .	债券支付是长期债券的典型例子 。
you are probably aware that in a database , data is stored in tables .	你可能知道在数据库中存储的数据库 , 数据存储在表中 。
you could also try using some for the advanced commands in google .	你也可以尝试使用google的先进命令 。
they have also stirred emotions in the greek american community .	他们也在希腊美国社区的激情 。
countylevel cities have both urban and rural dual characteristics .	县级城市都有城市和农村双方特征 。
he will be sorely missed . he was a great president , " he said . "	他说: " 他真是错误 。 他是一个伟大的总统 。 " 他说 。 "
a slight , metallic sound , as of coins rattling in a pocket .	一声 , 金属声音 , 像一块粉碎 。
i'm finishing , there's no point in making a song and dance about it .	我完成了 , 没有点击歌曲和舞蹈 。
stop messing about , boys ! i'm trying to do some reading .	停止消息 , 男孩 ! 我想做一些阅读 。
trace hooks can be applied at the entry or exit of any function .	跟踪hook可以应用于任何函数的进入或探索 。
i came on business before , but this time i'm here to sightsee .	我在商业前来了 , 但这次我在这里看 。
" summer hours " are a longestablished institution in the us .	" 夏季小时 " 是美国最大的建立的机构 。
it seems most chinese people use a modified emule that abuse servers .	它似乎大多数中国人使用一个修改的模块 。
gloucester board of real estate or financial plans bureau .	房地产或金融计划的全球板 。
her testimony helped put several of the perpetrators behind bars .	她的睾丸帮助把几个吸附器放在巴塞后 。
we must try our best to reduce the damage to a minumum .	我们必须尽量减少损伤 。
an impressive 75 percent of germans eat breakfast daily .	德国吃早餐的印象75% 。
google gobbles internet explorer’s market share with chrome	谷歌googlegoble网络开发商的市场股份与chrome共享 。
it was the first year my dad bought season tickets to the clips .	这是我第一年的女儿买赛季票 。
he also blessed us that we would be able to remember our previous lives .	他还能让我们记住我们的前生活 。
hand rails and banisters shall be constructed for stainless steel pipe .	无锈钢管的处理铁路和银行家应当建立不锈钢管 。
tian'anmen square is the bigest square in the world .	天主的平方是世界上最大的平方 。
objective to prepare purified tick borne encephalitis vaccine .	目的制备纯化钛生理疫苗 。
stresses applied to plastically deform the metal are usually compressive .	应力应用塑性变形金属通常压缩 。
the northeast is one of the biggest grainproducing areas in china .	东北是我国最大的粮食生产区之一 。
eric blair wrote under the pseudonym of george orwell .	在乔治或威尔的伪造下 , 埃尔·布莱写道 。
the whole community turned out to wipe out the four pests .	整个社区转变了四个客户 。
to facilitate this task , birt provides the data explorer view .	为了设施这个任务 , 浏览数据探索器 。
gina:hello , dr . kellers clinic . what can i do for you ?	吉娜:嗯 , 键盘客户临床 , 我能为你做什么 ?
sergio: yeah , it sure is but they have the best drinks .	sergio:是的 , 确保它们有最好的饮料 。
it was amazing that the boy was able to solve the problem so quickly .	这个男孩能够解决问题快速解决问题 。
let's suppose you have a subteam working in a private branch .	让我们建议你在私人分支中的一个子队伍 。
she also writes for the times and the magazine psychologies .	她还写了时间和杂志心理学 。
these real problems already bridge the dichotomies in the science .	这些现实问题已经桥梁了科学的区域 。
art is communicating and perhaps people can get something from this respect .	艺术通讯 , 也许人们可以从这方面获得一些东西 。
i mean , you're already talking about how that's not applicable .	我意味着 , 你已经谈论如何适用 。
" is the tao in a handheld calculator ? " asked the novice .	" 是手持计算器的任务 ? " 问道 。
these new ideas are penetrating into the minds of the younger generation .	这些新的思想是把年轻生代思想的思想 。
there’s another detail i love in this shot—the cropped foot .	在这个鞋子里 , 有另一个细节 , 我爱上了另一个细节 。
it brings longer droughts between more intense periods of rain .	它带来了更多的雨期间的药物 。
each player who searches his or her library shuffles it afterwards .	每个球员都搜索自己的或她的图书馆 。
creation is then rooted in the mutual love of the persons of the triune god .	创造之后 , 在三个神的互爱上帝的互相爱 。
but if you are going to make them permanent ? where are you gonna cut spending ?	但是如果你要做他们永久 ? 你会花花花吗 ?
good programmers strive for code clarity in addition to code performance .	更好的程序员为代码集群添加代码性能 。
i do remember my brother learning to ride a bike though .	我记得我的兄弟学习骑车思想 。
the summer season is upon us and with it comes bathing suit season .	夏季的季节在我们上升 , 随着保健的季节 。
please play with it before everyday use , in case miss important calls !	请在每天使用之前 , 例如错误的重要调用 !
they're used to large nontoxic animals , like wolves and bears .	他们使用大型动物 , 像狼和熊 。
this was probably the first time the britons came into contact with other peoples .	这可能是英国第一次与其他人联系的联系 。
there's nothing stuckup about the great english wild flower .	大英语的花朵没有什么东西 。
study on divisible abelean group of difference familypairs ;	研究不同家庭分布组的差异 ;
any parcel over the dimension limit should be repacked into smaller ones .	维修限制的任何公园应该被修改为小人 。
a thin , whitehaired man was sitting on a wooden seat .	一个薄薄的 , 白发男子坐在木头上 。
but he still admires christians because of the way they face death .	但是他仍然承认基督徒 , 因为他们面对死亡 。
here are five steps you can take to help your machines run much faster .	这里有五步你可以帮助您的机器运行更快 。
the report on thatstrand of hair found in elena ortiz's wound margin .	这份报告显示 , 在埃利娜·奥蒂斯的伤口中发现的头发 。
technically , a cms stores all of the content in a database .	技术上 , 一个cm存储在数据库中所有内容 。
the procedures are similar to thesis flow ratetime method .	同样对流动速率的方法进行了仿真 。
my mother was wrapping some banana fritters for a customer .	我母亲正在为客户祈祷一些巴nafriter 。
at the left is a temple dedicated to the roman emperor hadrian .	在左边 , 罗马皇帝阿里亚 。
the connecting of these pipes is done by the message receiver .	这些管道的连接是由消息接收器所做的 。
experiment result: smoke is poisonous to tadpoles .	实验结果:吸烟有毒 。
then , the low dose effects and roentgenography interval were discussed .	然后 , 讨论了低剂量效应和玫瑰相互作用 。
so i advocate socalled 'xiaocheng english' .	所以我称为 " 小说英语 " 。
the application conditions and methods of using the tiltmeter are described .	介绍了利用组织的应用条件和方法 。
whether caffeine banishes cellulite is less clear .	不管咖啡蛋白是否会减少清晰 。
a 9to5 work schedule provides enough time to relax .	一个9to5工作chule提供足够的时间来替换 。
do you remember he gives ? a couple of examples of this sort ?	你记得他给了吗 ? 这两个例子吗 ?
the sailors couldn't find anything to caulk the seam in the boat .	圣者不能找到任何东西 , 在船里找到任何东西 。
hundreds of deceased soldiers lay in a state of disarray .	数百岁的士兵拉在一个州 。
you can always go trickortreating during the afternoon or to the mall .	你可以在下午或大家的时候进行攻击 。
total number under poverty line 2010: 815 , 755	总数在贫困线2010年:815 , 7555 。
kisangani resident said the plane had broken into three pieces .	韩国居民说 , 飞机已经破坏了三块 。
with the coming of national day , i have a one week holiday .	随着国家的日子 , 我有一个星期的日子 。
the reactionaries are fierce in appearance but feeble in reality .	反应堆是出现的 , 但实际上有可能的 。
the boy plays up his strong points and minimizes his weaknesses .	男孩把自己的弱点 , 减少自己的弱点 。
that's somewhere we haven't dragged morley to yet .	这是我们没有拖动的道德 。
ottawa is also a mustsee city where i currently live .	奥塔瓦也是我目前生活的一个城市 。
we must carry on with the investigation until all the facts are found .	我们必须考虑调查 , 直到所有事实 。
the significance of perinatal diagnosis was discussed .	讨论了周围诊断的重要性 。
the passengers turned quite green with sea sickness .	传统者随海病的变化而变得非常绿色 。
please line the drawers with clean paper after you have emptied them .	请用清洁纸 , 然后 , 请用清洁纸 。
a noblewoman holding the rank of viscount in her own right .	一个诺贝尔曼在她自己的右边举行的暴力帐篷 。
doing so will help offset the harmful effects of urban pollution .	为了帮助城市污染的危害作用 。
many specialistic techniques contribute to archaeology .	很多特殊的技术对考古学的贡献 。
forest ecoeconomic productivity and the development of forestry produce ;	森林生态生产和林业发展 ;
the calculations are performed in parallel on each partition where the data is .	计算在每个分区的平板上执行的计算 。
investigators have identified the bomber as han wushun .	调查人员确认 , 作为汉语 。
leiomyosarcoma of the small intestine is an uncommon tumor .	小肠炎是一种常见的肿瘤 。
faultstring is a human readable description of the fault .	故障是人类阅读的描述 。
launch an effort to get together the various departments .	启动一个努力 , 共同各部门 。
very possible that you don't meet any one of these two conditions .	很可能 , 你不会遇到这两个条件之一 。
mom: you just care about this ? haven't you compared other things ?	妈妈:你只是关心这么 ? 你不比其他事情呢 ?
the cristae of the mitochondria are arranged closely .	微克里亚的危机是紧密的 。
winter morning , most of the bleak shantang should be it snow !	冬天早晨 , 大多数破碎的山应该是雪 !
i thought it would raise a smile with people at the exhibition .	我认为这会提高一个笑容的笑容 。
can i get some phenobarbital , something to calm this guy down ?	我能得到某些东西 , 有什么东西 , 这个男人下下来呢 ?
if you keep on collection , in time you'll have a wealth of data .	如果你保持收集 , 那么你会有一个财富的数据 。
the “others” were asleep , while they both breathed the same fever .	" 你们睡觉 " 的时候 , 两者都呼吸了同样的感觉 。
oh , i love new orleans , but i want to go home and visit tara .	哦 , 我喜欢新奥勒斯 , 但我想回家 。
i will be 96 , so i will be making films very , very slowly .	我将是96岁的 , 所以我会做电影很慢 。
thanks obama for all the nasa cuts . you big dummy .	感谢奥巴马 , 所有的nasa切割 。
back to what we do should be for all the limitless affectionate and so back to .	回到我们应该有限的影响 , 所以回归 。
however , by year end , it has been found : it is a false alarm .	然而 , 年底 , 它已经发现了:它是一个自由的武器 。
most who unveil hisagendas deserve the condemnation they receive。	大多数人都要求他们接受的信心 。
tom: i feel very depressed and don't feel like doing anything .	汤姆:我觉得很沮丧 , 不喜欢做任何事情 。
this is a major step and also can be the most tedious step in tuning .	这是一个主要的步骤 , 也可以在调查中最严重的步骤 。
spammers also have become more sophisticated about exploiting trust .	蜘蛛也越来越多的关于开发信任 。
mission control said sharipov had reported that the crew were feeling fine .	导演控制说 , 莎利波夫已经报道 , 这个城市感觉很好 。
players on its own strength , through hard work then realize their dreams .	球员在自己的力量上 , 通过艰难的努力来实现他们的梦想 。
a: absolutely . it gives the team a scoring chance .	a:绝对是 , 它给团队一个学术机会 。
the bridge ways that you form and that all of you know are made of this vitality .	您形式的桥梁 , 所有你都知道的是由此构成的 。
we have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the sweater .	我们两个裙子和裤子 , 看着甜点 。
because people always sit in the closestools in washrooms .	因为人们总是坐在洗室里 。
on the two ends are designs of a blue dragon and a white tiger .	在两端设计蓝龙和白虎 。
mining for malware there's gold in them thar proxy logs !	为了使马尔瓦在他们的tharxy逻辑里有金牌 !
lao k: sorry , second young master . can i say a word ?	拉克:好 , 第二名老师 , 我可以说一句话吗 ?
i like norma because she's genuine person and never puts on side .	我喜欢诺马 , 因为她是基因人 , 永远不放弃 。
what if last night god destroyed my soul and put in a new soul ?	如果最后一天晚上的话 , 我的灵魂 , 放在一个新的灵魂吗 ?
the development of dark tourism from edge to typical in practice .	在实践中 , 黑客旅游的发展 。
may we all embrace life with love and faith , happiness and compassion .	愿我们和爱和信仰 , 幸福和竞争 。
thus another form of generosity is sharing the word of god .	因此 , 另一个形式是共享上帝的词 。
i buried my head under the quilts , but my aunt heard me .	我在安静下建了我的头 , 但我听我 。
mining and oil stocks moved lower , especially in london .	米宁和油堆移低 , 尤其在伦敦 。
the unique imaging findings have never been reported in literature .	独特的图像发现从未在文学报告 。
the thirdgraders are having a traffic education lesson .	第三级教育教育教育课程 。
hell for some time , full of murderous look will become more angry .	他为一些时候 , 充满奇怪的看法会变得更加愤怒 。
you and i are particulars ; your favorite chair is a particular .	你和我是特别的 , 你最喜爱的椅子是特别的 。
it's been a heartbreakingly tragic two months for coal .	这是一个心脏的交通两个月 。
seconds out . let's go . what do we do ? tell me what to do .	第二次 , 我们去做什么呢 ? 告诉我做什么 。
extract the contents of the festivalwin32 . zip file .	提取节值32.zip文件的内容 。
the maid comes with god's blessing , and must be obeyed .	男子和上帝的祝福 , 必须遵守 。
it cannot easily be palpated on physical examination .	在物理检查中 , 不能轻松地实现物理检查 。
the economic outlook deteriorates significantly ; or	经济外交决策显著 ; 或是重要的 ;
the birds by aristophanes – (download pdf)	阿斯坦的鸟类是 " 德洛德 " 的鸟类 。
click and drag from the start to endpoint that you wish to measure .	点击和拖动从开始结束 , 您希望测量 。
stir in basil . spoon curry over rice . serve .	在基础上 , 西班牙从河上走 。 服务 。
component gis software is the opposite of application software .	组件gis软件是应用软件的反对 。
but i think unless you marry it , inherit it or work really hard for it ,	但是我认为 , 除非你结婚 , 还是真的努力 。
and we've seen them before from the macroscopic point of view .	我们从宏观的角度看到它们 。
can the world really afford another risk of this magnitude ?	世界的另一个风险吗 ?
results:in rau , there was large amount of inflame cells .	结果:在兔内 , 有大量的炎细胞 。
computer science: $56 , 400 / $97 , 400	计算机科学:$566 , 400美元 , 400美元 。
rubin claims the gizmo can even improve your sex life .	rubin称 , gizmo甚至可以改善你的性生活 。
is it possible fme to see the harbour in person today ?	今天 , 在人类中看到哈勃 ?
airing is under ventilated place , drying machine is not allowed .	空气在通用地下 , 干燥机不允许 。
alex: no , i will take my 6yearold daughter with me .	alexex:不 , 我将带我6岁的女儿 。
at the last lap john held him , and then began to pick up on him .	在最后的拉普·约翰告诉他 , 然后开始抓住他 。
patsy divorced her husband and is now living alone .	巴西分了她的丈夫 , 现在生活了 。
procrastination is spending 30 mins looking for the right pen .	激励是花30分钟来寻找正确的照片 。
she doesn't end the mask stuck to comus' chair .	她不会结束马克的椅子 。
did you know 65 percent of women have curly hair ? [1]	你知道65%的女性已经出发了吗 ?
volume control was provided by a mccormack micro line drive .	由mccmack微型线驱动提供的电压控制 。
it feels as if they are whipping my face with wire whips .	它感觉如果他们面部穿着窗口 。
jia sixie is wellknown as a pioneer in farming .	嘉西是农场的一名手工 。
the short scaling time series have multifractal properties .	短扫描时间系列具有多功能 。
i ordered the hairy crab , but you gave me the green crab .	我订了头发 , 但你给我给我 。
they shot poisoned arrows from behind the thick bushes .	他们从后面的厚屋顶上抛出的箭头 。
story of cultural symbols of china's mentorship .	中国文化象征的故事 。
continue pushing foward and success will eventually meet you .	继续推进足球 , 成功最终会遇到你 。
you can turn any email address into a google account .	你可以把电子邮件地址转换成谷歌帐户 。
cold shut is not acceptable on " a " surfaces .	冷刷不可接受 " 一个 " 表面 。
haikou is the capit's city of hainan province .	海水库是海南省的城市 。
the current director is professor wang keqiang .	目前的目录是王康的教授 。
that attitude affects idiomatic patterns as well .	抗肿瘤模式及其抗肿瘤模式 。
it’s a great complement to rice dishes , soups and pasta .	这是一个很好的补充 , 汤和帕斯塔 。
a good painting is shown before people as each drawing is done to the point .	一个好的绘画之前 , 每个绘画之前都显示了一个好的绘画 。
if you want to add foshan , then our bank said that you should have other swift .	如果你想添加foshan , 那么我们的银行说你应该有其他的瑞典 。
few of the men of the round table had much heart to dispel them .	圆桌上的几个男子都有很多心脏 。
you probably won't even risk injury or go hungry .	你可能不会危险伤害或饥饿 。
as we all know , the character of internet is fictitious and doubleacting .	正如我们都知道 , 互联网的特点 , 互联网的特点是极好的 。
it looks at things like fashion , how people wear different clothes .	它看起来像时尚 , 人们如何穿着不同的衣服 。
handy to use and you may enjoy your flower tea anywhere !	手用 , 你可以享受您的花茶 !
vacuum sweeper with robust petrol engine for outdoor use .	用外壳的汽油发动机 , 可用于外部使用 。
when it is cloudy , i am cold , impuissant and sad .	当它是云 , 我冷、冷却、悲哀 。
i would be grumpy and cause those around me to be unhappy .	我会被磨损 , 因此在我不幸福 。
you called it a script kiddy language , remember ?	你叫它一个脚本的孩子语言 , 记得吗 ?
they then created a simple mathematical model of what's going on .	然后 , 他们创建了一个简单的数学模型 。
the first and each subsequent bezier spline requires only three points .	第一和每个子子级线只需三点 。
where myth clashes with myth , it is however a very real clash .	然而 , 我与神秘的地方 , 无论是真正的声音 。
the second place we visited was monaco ville with the palace .	第二个地方 , 我们访问了莫娜科村 。
this button hook makes dressing with one hand easier and quicker .	这个按钮的按钮使一个手轻松 , 快速 。
this time it was those in the businessjet industry who cringed .	这时候 , 商业工业工业人员 。
then change your default gateway and hit the enter key twice .	然后改变您的默认门 , 并将节目关键 。
finally , this paper discusses the procedures and applications of jmi .	最后 , 本文讨论了jmi的程序和应用 。
shoichiro toyoda says he doesn't recall the meeting .	斯蒂罗今天说他不回忆会议 。
we were completely amazed at the wonder and the greatness of nature .	我们完全在精神和自然的伟大 。
there is no such thing as nothingness , and zero does not exist .	没有这样的事情 , 零不存在 。
the amish people are living peacefully in our midst , slow development .	在我们中期生活和平 , 缓慢发展 。
the canvas pane is where all the viewer portlets are placed .	所有的视野portlet都放置了 。
antoni gaudi , from spain , main object of the thesis .	从西班牙 , 主要对象 。
the receptionist asks , “have you ever seen a doctor ?	接受者问道: " 你看医生吗 ?
finally a vanity tool that doesnâ€tmt despise you !	最后 , 最后一个数量工具 , 尽管你 !
you have your work , your entertainment and your firends . i have only you .	你有你的工作 , 你的娱乐和你的火灾 。 我只有你 。
every day there are seven lessons . this is my timetable for monday .	每天有七课 。 这是我的时间 。
you are the ones on earth who open the gate to the light .	你是一个在地球上打开灯光的地球 。
we have the example of the banking system and the car industry .	我们拥有银行系统和卡行业的例子 。
the glass hit the corner of the table and broke on impact .	玻璃把表的角度和冲击对冲击的影响 。
the late arrived of the ship had messed up all our plans .	后来 , 船已经消失了所有的计划 。
a lot of asexual people do want relationships and children .	很多人想关系和孩子的关系 。
smetimes a beetle lost its way in the passages .	同时 , 一个啤酒失去了传统的途径 。
however , where you can eat authentic donkey to fire it ?	然而 , 你可以吃意义的钥匙吗 ?
he was in a tiny capsule called friendship 7 .	他被称为朋友7 。
you know , do these things that i have no future , you know , in .	你知道 , 我没有未来的事情 , 你知道 。
anti corruption is a big issue of practice and theory .	抗腐败是实践和理论的大问题 。
for the first time , i felt like i was running into the wilderness .	第一次 , 我觉得我跑到野生 。
the university boasts a team of welltrained teachers .	大学博士大学的教师 。
but a strong volcker rule just might take the cake away .	但是 , 一个强烈的电压规则只能把卡车离开 。
the renderer determines the quality of your final render .	重新测定您最后的重新器质量 。
wildflowers of different colors brighten the rocky land .	不同颜色的野花 , 光亮着岩石 。
project only for those , who have suomi as mother language .	这个项目只是为那些母亲语言的工程 。
what you need is an xml version of the directory listing .	你需要什么是目录清单的xml版本 。
adam and eve conversed with god in the garden of eden .	阿达姆和埃夫与上帝交谈 。
pingping's mother is one of the district nurses .	纯粹的母亲是区域护士之一 。
she expertly slid the hypodermic needle into my vein .	她专家把水化需要进我的山脉 。
please amend your copy of the contract accordingly .	请按照合同的代码 。
eg . he says his friend is confident in turning the table .	他说他的朋友正在转变桌子 。
she implored piteously a voice choked with sobs .	她很喜欢用sob的声音 。
you want to know how quickly is the other side going to get hot ?	你想知道怎么快速 ?
he shouted and rapped with his walking stick on the door .	他沿着门上走路 , 沿着他的步行 。
the children build sandcastles on the beach .	孩子们在海滩上建筑沙漠 。
it's the final gasp of the burst housing bubble .	这是最后的房子泡沫 。
and if it sounds good , ask if there’s any way i can see their results .	如果它听起来很好 , 那么我可以看到他们的结果 。
in starcraft , some units had instant attack animations .	在星球飞机中 , 有些单位已经攻击动画 。
this new painkiller doe 't take long to act on the pain ?	这个新涂料器不长时间在疼痛行动吗 ?
could we pretend that this is a normal first date between two normal people ?	我们可以预测这是两个正常人之间的正常生活吗 ?
i later found out the world is full of victors , of people saying no .	我后来发现世界是全世界的胜利者 , 人们说不 。
once those are finished you can use your res . to make garages .	一旦你可以使用你的休闲 。 要做垃圾 。
still , there were young men willing to ride for the pony express .	然而 , 年轻男子将在池塘表达上升 。
it shows all infos from the header and dumps records...	它从头部和荷载记录中显示了所有的内容 。
they can tell us a lot about the history of trading on sea .	他们可以告诉我们很多关于海洋的历史 。
in part 1 , you learned how to create an obex server application .	第1部分 , 您学习如何创建一个对象服务器应用程序 。
on the whole it's a good plan and we shouldn't nitpick .	在整个情况下 , 我们不应该安排npi 。
separate the essence of the test from the implementation details .	从实施细节分离试验的实现细节 。
you didn't realize how much part of your life it was going to become .	你不知道你生命的一部分都会成为 。
place smaller sticks crosswise to make a lattice effect .	放置小手臂交叉 , 使得更新效应 。
he mutilated the nun and stuffed into a closet .	他把un和stus转变成一个关闭 。
geminis are often good at language , speaking and writing .	乔治斯通常在语言、写作 。
i paid for the beers so i call dibs on the last bottle .	我付给啤酒 , 所以我在最后的瓶子 。
and i can tell you at that point i wished i was back in canada .	我可以告诉你 , 我希望我在加拿大 。
you'll need to calculate how much time the assignment will take .	您需要计算多少时间的时间 , 将采取 。
a but not tomorrow night . . . when are you next free ?	明天晚上 , 当你下一次免费 ?
marylebone station was packed with homeward bound commuters .	玛丽骨站用家庭边界交流器包装 。
do not leave when she is poor , ill , or unbeautiful .	当她是贫穷的时候 , 疾病或不美丽 。
let us be determined not to collect grievances today .	今天我们决定不要收集毕业 。
conclusion:asqa had good reliability and construct validity .	结论:aqa具有良好的可靠性和建设性 。
study group and control group had isonitrogenous and isocaloric intake .	研究组和对照组对照组具有显著性和心肌梗死 。
g1/2 " 2perpendicular entries with hung cover . "	g1/2 " 超端性与黄色覆盖 " 。
with the development of science , computer increasingly popular .	随着科学的发展 , 计算机的增加 。
you've got to hand it to the bottled water industry .	你已经把它处理到底部水业 。
with things as such , we‘ll have to let things slide .	随着这样的事情 , 我们必须让东西滑 。
flyfish the spring creeks of paradise valley .	鱼鱼鱼的春季声音 。
franklin: i peeked at one letter , that's all .	弗兰克林:我在一封信上 , 这是所有的 。
peddling a handful can lead to a 15year sentence .	编辑一个手可以导致一个15岁的句子 。
little duck says: spring is a gentle and soft river .	小鸭说:春天是一个姑娘和软河 。
tonight jobs cleared up the matter once and for all .	今晚的工作清晰了事情 , 为了所有 。
please pass me that pile of semicircular tiles .	请向我传递半循环组织 。
men scoured the country looking for the lost child .	男子在寻找失去的孩子 。
guixi city shizhi compiling committee office ?	广西城市hiz编译委员会吗 ?
whom the gods destroy , we number1 do mad .	谁的神死亡 , 我们数字1多 。
house: only an idiot gets between ahab and his whale .	房子:只有一个idiot在ahab和他的hahahale之间 。
for me , personally , i can really see both sides to the coin .	对于我来说 , 我可以看到两侧 。
“from many cotton plants , ” the man answered .	" 弗罗姆很多棉花 , " 男子答道 。
or you can begin to " work " to make your sex life more exciting .	或者你可以开始 " 工作 " 让你的性生活更加兴奋 。
because of film editing , we couldn't see the whole show .	由于影片编辑 , 我们不能看整个节目 。
how do children and teens experience depression ?	孩子和青少年经验抑郁 ?
where is now monk xuanzang of the tang dynasty ?	现在 , 唐代现代的新疆吗 ?
okay ? ! possibly . or you . okay .	好吗 ? 好吧 ! 或者你 。
the otaku the media picks up on are usually this kind .	这个媒体一般是这样的 。
wen wen practicing her backward crossover in dec 2010 .	2010年12月 , 温温家实践了她的背景交叉 。
what are the units here ? we write 12 . 011 .	我们在这里写了12.011 。
aim: to study the constituents of abrus mollis hance .	目的:探讨brususmollish的成分学习 。
antony goes for projects on a massive scale .	安顿在大规模的规模上去项目 。
and it deepens household and community poverty .	它深入住宅和社区贫困 。
this aspect of luke's work has occasioned much discussion .	这方面 , 卢克的工作已经引起了很多讨论 。
standards for drinking water have been improved continuously .	饮用水的标准在继续提高 。
'of course , ' ms . darling sneers .	" 太过程 , " 黑暗的遗产者 。
i quickly put all the socks are washed over again .	我迅速把所有的袜子放在一起 。
chandler: blue blazer back . hehe wants it back .	查德勒:蓝手回来 , 他想回来 。
no one questions china’s civilian control of the military .	没有一个问题 , 中国军事控制的民事控制 。
holyflag will be customized for the entire handling process .	霍夫拉格将自定义整个处理过程 。
the filial piety is the center of retirement throughout .	菲律宾是不断退休的中心 。
no04 , 5 . i don't know how to thank you for all your help .	无论如何感谢您的帮助 。
i have so much to do today . i am run off my feet .	我今天有太多的做法 。 我跑了我的脚 。
the company did not say in the filing which banks loaned the money .	本公司并没有说银行贷款贷款 。
after about half an hour , i realised i really needed to fart .	在半小时之后 , 我真的意识到我真正需要失败 。
love is , and it can last , if we remember our differences .	爱是最后 , 如果我们记得我们的差异 。
leo: now , if you’ll just follow me to the lounge .	李:现在 , 如果你就跟我到洛杉矶 。
this life , this love that you and i have been dreaming of , for so long .	这个爱你 , 爱你 , 我一直梦想 , 长久 。
the poor man at last was eased and hence lived happily .	最后 , 穷人很容易生活幸福 。
the warning is based on the latest 5day weather forecasts .	战争是基于最新的5天天气预测 。
ma kang is a good friend of mine , and a unique one .	香是一个好朋友 , 一个独特的一个 。
it is a basic emotion with a characteristic facial expression .	它是一种基本的情感 。
triumphing over death , and chance , and thee , o time .	死亡 , 机会 , 机会 , 哦 。
a popup tip will tell you whether it is on or off .	一个popupt会告诉你是否在或离开 。
these things could change if you learn how to manage your violence .	如果你学习如何管理你的暴力 。
huang zongzhi is one of the most famous legal historian .	黄庄是最著名的法律史学家之一 。
he has been given a label " playboy " by his friends .	他曾经通过他的朋友给出一个劳动员 " 玩家 。
it's also unbelievable to me that he would ever end his life .	这也不可信我 , 他会结束自己的生活 。
each of us dipped a finger into the mixture and sucked it .	每个人都把手指放入混合物中 , 然后把它 。
the caribbean waters there are also perfect for scuba diving .	卡比亚水还有完美的钻井 。
an airraid alarm sounded in the depths of night .	晚上 , 空气的声音声响起来 。
they would like to after a long night can see by the morning glow !	他们会喜欢在一个长夜之后 , 可以看到早晨的姑娘 !
dougong was widely used in the spring and autumn period .	在春季和秋季时期广泛使用 。
will judge hudson's decision be upheld on appeal ?	会判断胡德森的决定 ?
i thought it would help . you're the best , you know that ?	我想这会帮助 。 你知道这是最好的吗 ?
and why do we make it so hard to amend our constitution .	为什么我们为什么让我们很难建立我们的宪法 。
no one near seems to be thinking , or feeling , or working .	没有人似乎是思考 , 或者感觉 , 或者工作 。
afterwards , ao patient about aunt and monica a pile .	后来 , 艾滋病患者和莫尼亚病人 。
great minds think alike , but fools seldom differ .	伟大的思想认为阿利克 , 但愚蠢的差异 。
many people with foot pain can get relief just by losing weight .	很多人用足疼痛 , 只是失去重 。
i will never draw like them . but they will never draw like me .	我从来不会像他们一样 , 但是他们不会像我一样 。
i could not control and make selfrepression on such rational basic .	我不能控制这种基础上自我表达自我表达 。
he was just a person . he was avoiding eye contact .	他只是个人 , 他避免眼联系 。
this group was laid out and arranged in accordance with buddhist cosmology .	本组根据佛教科学 , 根据佛教科学 。
determine the relationship qiang shen and qin day together very happy .	决定了青沈和秦天的关系 , 相互幸福 。
runners who lost more than 3% of their weight during the run finished fastest .	运行员在运行最快的时候 , 他们失去了3%的重量 。
the weekold peace talks there between the two sides were near collapse .	周末 , 两侧的谈判在崩溃 。
there was a relationship between the conductance activation energy and detergency .	产生活动能源与相关性的关系 。
our brains are roughly 25 percent larger than those of the late homo erectus .	我们的大脑比那些晚期医生的大脑有25% 。
they stood on the top of the mountain , watching the sun rising in the east .	他们站在山顶上 , 看着阳光 。
yueliangshan fault is the east segment of haiyuan fault zone .	黄山断裂是海南断裂区东段 。
we'll be reading his essay on suicide . hume died , had an illness .	我们会在自然阅读自己的自然 , 胡默死亡 。
there is only one practicing spot here in liuyang . i have been there for only three times .	在刘阳的实践中 , 我只有三次 。
in the center of town is a pair of 20footlong sheet metal shidas .	在城市中心 , 是一个20英尺金属塔 。
together with the avalokitesvara figure in the middle , 33 in total .	在中间的中间 , 33岁的总 。
the little ship tried to escape when the big pirate ship bore down on it .	小船试图逃避大型船船上 。
he was standing almost broadside , his great head up and turned toward them .	他几乎站起来 , 他的大头 , 转向他们 。
but i think it will be wiser of lee to put your best side outward , ' she added .	但是我认为这会是你最好的方向 , " 她补充道 。
a loving husband who treats me like a queen yet everyday i remember .	每天我记得的时候 , 一个失去丈夫 。
their metabolism and the mechanism of antifatigue are elaborated in this paper .	阐述了它们的代谢和抗化学机制 。
little birds and pigs now come in the form of edible cake toppers .	现在 , 小鸟和猪现在的形式是可怕的猫 。
obtain the essential feature that is larcenous behavior secretly .	得到了本质的特征 , 是lan行为 。
you know that the function of a protein is intimately related to its structure .	你知道蛋白功能与其结构相关 。
18they divide my garments among them and cast lots for my clothing .	18年 , 我的花园 , 为我的衣服提供了很多 。
it is nto the same thing to have a bare field in january and in juluy .	这是同样的事情 , 在一月份 , 在犹太 。
steering gear is the most important component of the automotive veering system .	稳定齿轮是自动运动系统最重要的组成部分 。
sitting comfortably at number three is bagan temple and pagodas .	坐在数字三处 , 是巴根寺和巴达 。
it is characterized by containing concave and convex rod stone powder in said paste .	通过包含混凝土混凝土和混凝土石粉的特点 。
currently sharp does not make compressors , a key air conditioner component .	目前 , 鲨鱼并不制造压缩器 , 关键的空调条件 。
to provide monitoring , inspection and technical guidance for food hygiene ;	为了提供监测、检查和技术指导 ;
around tenthirty that night , they ended up back in madeleine’s dorm room .	在第三十十十年的时候 , 他们终于回到玛丽的胳膊房间 。
the actual rate discount would have to be applied in the credit card management system .	在信用卡管理系统的信用卡管理系统中 , 实际速率会被应用 。
he is not only the pride of the people in hainan , but also the pride of people all over the world .	他不仅是海南人民的原因 , 也是世界上所有的人民 。
main components: a variety of aromatic ketones and aromatic esters .	主要组件:各种芳香酮和芳香树脂 。
this article has a brief review on holocene climate changes in mongolia .	本文对蒙古气候变化进行了简要的综述 。
in the scene turns the large flame often gushes out to the window outside .	在屏幕中 , 大型的框架通常会导致窗外 。
to handle an invalid contract must abide by the principle of restitution .	要处理一个有效的合同必须通过修订原则的原则 。
optimistic , tigers always bounce back for new and fresh challenges .	最佳的是 , 老虎总是为新鲜挑战 。
many of the people of darwin escaped by hiding in cellars that night .	很多人在晚上逃避的细胞 。
i'm not doubting for a moment the sincerity of the couple's distress .	我不怀疑夫妇的情绪 。
the first section of this article ponders the corporation in the point of view of right and power .	本文第一部分的诗人在正确权力和权力的角度 。
we did talk about changing it , but feared it would only be perceived as a nerf .	我们谈论了转变它 , 但恐怕它只是永久的 。
your parents tell you to boil herbs and stay inside when you get sick .	你的父母告诉你在你找到sick时 , 住在内 。
the club only has an 18hole green fee and caddie fee at weekends .	俱乐部只有18英里的绿色费和卡迪费 。
virtually every new company complains about the difficulty of raising seed capital .	几乎每家新公司抱怨提高资本的困难 。
i desire no further advice from you , ' answered mr linton .	我没有进一步的建议 , " 回答林顿 。
i have a stomachache . i think i got some bad food at lunch today .	我想我今天在午餐吃一些坏食物 。
good moring , mr . smith . i am sunfang coming for an interview .	好运 , 史密斯先生 , 我正在为一次采访 。
half a shovelful has fallen off . ) evil's mask of innocence .	有一半强烈的声音 , 即将邪恶的地方 。
mt . 10:23 and when they persecute you in this city , flee into another .	第10:23 , 当他们在这座城市的时候 , 飞到另一个 。
let's look at the curriculum for the robotics engineering program at wpi .	让我们在wpi的机械工程程程程程程程程中看到机器工程课程 。
i think it was you i sent , " he added , addressing the staffofficer . "	我认为这是我送来的 , " 他补充说道 。
i thenrealizedi had no right to place myself abovehimjust because he was busking .	然后 , 我没有对自己的地方 , 因为他忙了 。
the train was full of proles , in holiday mood because of the summery weather .	训练完全是由于夏天天天气的天气 。
he spent over ten thousand us dollars to buy a table filled with holes .	他花了十万美元 , 买一张桌子 。
diluted earnings per american depositary share came to $1 . 26 .	美国储备股份达到1.26美元 。
" some were thrilled that caesar had died , and some were horrified , " he said .	他说: " 有些猫死了 , 一些人死了 。 " 他说 。
between history and the eternal i have chosen history because i like certainties .	在历史和历史之间 , 我已经开放了历史 , 因为我喜欢一定 。
the discovery also reveals how male squid compete for female mating partners .	研究还揭示了女性制造伙伴的男性快速竞争 。
improved management of the cadre and personnel files of the rules and regulations .	改善了规则和规则的核心管理 。
red narrating: you could argue he'd done it to carry favor with the guards .	红鼻:你可以考虑他与卫生相关的事情 。
it's so nice to have you today . please come and see me again sometime .	今天 , 请再次看我 。 有时看我 。
thousands of militants traded in guns for stipends and training .	数千名军事贸易在枪手和训练 。
roundtrip economy class air ticket for hong kong and gold coast on sq . .	在香港和金海岸 。
above , an artist's conception of the space launch system blasting off .	此外 , 艺术家的概念是空间发射系统的概念 。
the idc has a more uniform work function distribution than an oxide cathode .	idc比氧化催化剂分布更具统一的工作功能 。
many of jones' old friends join his team , along with some new ones .	很多琼斯的老朋友加入他的队伍 , 沿着一些新的消息 。
artists using this method of mixing colours to draw are called " pointillism " .	用这种混合颜色的方法来绘制 " 幻想 " 的方法 。
because i really want to understand what it is like for a son and a father to relate each other .	由于我真的想知道这是儿子和父亲相关的 。
scientists are conducting sampling to understand the threats from water pollution .	科学家们正在对水污染的威胁 。
just permit the dime that she so shrinks in the carriage , allow her to so wail .	只要允许她在卡车里的那个方案 , 允许她这样的墙 。
the effects of sedation may make you forget what you were instructed after the procedure .	编辑可能使您忘记在过程之后的作用 。
he chuckled slightly and blushed . " yeah , that was my girl . "	他轻轻轻轻轻地吹着 , " 是我的女孩 。 "
cut the fish fillet in chunks , marinate it with some salt and pepper .	在厨房里吃鱼 , 用盐和辣椒 。
our company is specialized in the production of pet collar , traction with the enterprise .	本公司专业生产宠物煤 , 跟踪企业 。
after years of ross mooning over rachel , she finally found out that he was in love with her .	几年之后 , 她终于发现他爱她 。
to spirit , getting is meaningless and giving is all . t5 . i . 1 . 7	为了精神 , 无意义 , 给予所有 。 第1.7 。
and " change " refers to unleashing staff potential through deepening reform .	" 改变 " 是通过深化改革而引起的职业潜力 。
when someone drives a perfect car in an improper manner , no one blames the car...	当某人驾驶完美的汽车 , 没有人警警车...
the user can also select another language and read content in that language .	用户也可以选择另一个语言和阅读内容 。
if you’re a fan of the bubbly , you could try seltzer water instead .	如果你是泡沫的扇子 , 你可以尝试ltzer水 。
therefore hear now this , thou afflicted , and drunken , but not with wine	因此 , 所以听到这 , 选择冲突 , 干燥 , 但不用酒 。
abundant kidneyyang warms and promotes all the viscera and organs .	丰富的肾阳暖和促进所有vicesra和组织 。
there are many methods to solve the one kind of ion reactions for the problem of groundwater .	有很多方法解决地下水问题的一个离子反应 。
lather enhancer advantage in shampoos , soap , and facial wash .	激光剂在山东、皂、肥皂等优势 。
the best physicians are dr . diet , dr quiet and dr . merryman .	最好的物理学家是饮食、饮食等 。
the longterm bull market trendline drawn from 2001 has remained intact .	长期的bull市场趋势从2001年开始下降 。
meattextured fish protein concentrate is a new product developed in 1980's .	1980年的肉类蛋白浓度是一种新产品 。
hook the small prawn from tail to head for fishing prawns and small fish .	把小鱼从尾部起来 , 鱼头和小鱼 。
she waited for narcissus to speak first , and prepared her answer .	她等着纳西斯的答案 , 准备她的答案 。
if i didn't study , i would buy a baby rabbit like mr . wu .	如果我没有学习 , 我会买一个孩子的兔子 。
a group of people starts a business and they say , let's divide up the proceeds .	一群人开始一个业务 , 他们说 , 让我们分开了 。
otherwise , you're wasting a bit , so to speak , unnecessarily .	否则 , 你正在讲话 , 所以说话 , 除非它 。
relationalism is the essence of practical materialism and piagets theory .	关系主义是实践材料主义和管道理论的根据 。
antiaustralia graffiti is sprinkled around the capital , dili .	抗澳大利亚草本周围 , 迪利亚 。
lounge patrons desperately wanted to imbibe the essence of all this .	洛杉矶巡逻专门希望移动这一切的精神 。
modern cpus contain a subsystem known as the memory management unit .	现代cpus包含一个子系统 , 作为记忆管理单位 。
police said sunday that the death toll in the shooting rose to 86 .	警察周日说 , 死亡将死亡至86年 。
the invention discloses a microbial inoculum and a preparation method thereof .	本发明公开了一种微生物介质和制备方法 。
youth , in particular , are seen as beacons of innovation and creativity .	尤其是青少年 , 尤其是创新性和创新性 。
she also advises against anything with the words " antiaging . "	她还建议对那些词 " 反思 " 的反思 。
the editorinchief blue penciled the article written by his reporter .	编辑首席蓝色的文章描述了他的记者 。
to date , there have been 63 , 595 sales through the torontomls system this year .	为了日期 , 今年 , 已有63 , 595个销售 。
i made a statement on our website that freddie is and will be part of our squad .	我在我们的网站上发表了一个声明 , 并将是我们的平方之一 。
everyone else tweaking their sites for their own use can do anything they want and will !	每个人都会对自己的用途都可以做任何想要的事情 , 愿意 !
later in the season , despite good planning , product starts to run out unevenly .	后来在季节 , 尽管良好的计划 , 产品开始运行 。
time for striver is kind of treasure , for lazy person , is a kind of burden .	严格的时候 , 对于激光人来说 , 是一种勇气 。
our silks are known for good quality . they are one of our traditional exports .	我们的银行已知良好的质量 , 他们是我们传统的出口之一 。
if you build your team from start , you will have much easyer time in the future .	如果您在未来建立您的团队 , 你将很容易时间 。
but even so , the two sister still can not help but think she is the advantage of their home .	但是 , 即使这两妹仍然不能帮助 , 但想她是他们家的优势 。
figure 1 shows a screen capture of the application , a bar graph of yearly results .	图1显示了应用程序的屏幕 , 一年结果 。
my mouth was wide open when i entered the cup room in via turati .	我的母亲被广泛开放的时候 , 我进入了游戏室 。
imagine another 250 million people urbanising china over the next 20 years .	想象另外250万人在未来20年的中国 。
you can hover over vertical arrows to get details on the locks being held .	你可以通过垂直的箭头来获得锁子的细节 。
these landforms were dubbed tiankeng , or " naturally formed pits " .	这些地方都是天鹅 , 或者 " 自然形成pit " 。
if the ball arrives one second beforehand , will you yield it to the wind ?	如果球到了第二次之前 , 你会把它放到窗口吗 ?
button shaped beads pendant , earing , a meson , welcome to order !	按钮形成的贝特 , 耳朵 , 欢迎秩序 !
as to what and how to release , the authorities will comply with relevant laws .	正如何释放 , 权力将完成相关法律 。
journalist: mr lin , do you think this is a very nice chance for bening ?	记者:林先生 , 你认为这是一个很好的机会 ?
twiggy was a little of both boy and girl , a mirror of her time .	twiggy是男孩和女孩的一个错误 。
if the market goes his way , he waits to be proven even more right bigger is better .	如果市场走出来 , 他等待更多的权利 。
after a moment’s hesitation , tweener reaches out and takes the burger .	在一段时间的健康之后 , tweener会达成手术 。
the world in general , and even more your briny world , accepts flogging .	一般来说 , 世界越来越多的庆祝世界 , 接受日志 。
stack two 1 . 4x is better than one 2x in terms of picture quality .	比图像质量的2.4x更好 。
listen to the tape and find out the main idea of this article and how it is organized .	聆听这篇文章的主要思念 , 如何组织 。
1923 insulin first became generally available for use by diabetics .	1923年胰岛素首先成为用糖尿病的可用性 。
of course , not all longstanding restaurants are celebrity haunts .	当然 , 不要长寿的餐厅都是庆祝的 。
effect analysis: day heart to have the devil body , brandied denied .	有效分析:每天心脏有死体 , 分支诊断 。
the bride was delighted , kissed him , and loved him with all of her heart .	新娘很高兴 , 吻他 , 爱他一切心 。
you will be able to swap hotbar configurations at the same time you swap specs .	同时 , 你就可以在同样的时候开关热库配置 。
there are many drove past some rubber estate around in kuala lumpur .	在卡普拉·卢尔附近有许多橡胶估计 。
vanda miss joaquim is the national flower of singapore .	瓦萨·迈克斯是新加坡国家流动的国家流动 。
objective to establish quality standard for compound zhuanggu capsule .	目的建立复合胶囊的质量标准 。
investigation and study of medicinal plants over yao wang mountain .	黄山医药植物研究和研究 。
however , this defeats the strong typing of the anonymous type .	然而 , 这个缺陷了匿名类型的强大类型 。
sun yuwen was an important figure of late qing dynasty .	阳光是晚清代的重要图 。
the coming of automation is bound tohave important social consequences .	自动化是自动化的重要社会原因 。
this was the realisation that many children here can’t afford to go school .	这是很多孩子 , 这里不能去上学 。
it's proving very difficult to peg him down to a definite date for completion .	对于完成的日期来说 , 很难把他带到一个定义的时间 。
a lot of the issues we do within epa , or technically , is in nature .	很多问题是我们在epa或技术上做的问题 , 是自然的 。
the man was an undercover deputy from iredell county sheriff's office .	这位男子是一个从iredell县的办公室 。
mc: would you please update us about shinhwa members' activities .	麦克:你要更新我们关于金华成员的活动 。
we are not told why jesus made some mud and placed it over the man's eyes .	我们不要告诉耶稣做一些泥泞 , 把它放在人眼里 。
the captain brought the men to attention as the general arrived .	猫把男人注意为一般到达 。
your father takes on too much . he forgets he's not growing any younger .	你的父亲在太多的时候 , 他忘记他不增长任何年轻人 。
you need to have an existing project loaded into the integrated development environment .	你需要有一个现有的项目负载到整合开发环境 。
and , during feiler's battle with cancer , they would fight alongside him .	而且 , 在费尔的战争中 , 他们将在他身边战斗 。
henceforth it will be more difficult to avoid customs examination .	因此 , 要避免客户检查 。
american liquor companies are finding inspiration in the financial crisis .	美国水库公司正在寻找金融危机的投资 。
it is of reference value to control the pollution of the regional environment .	控制区域环境污染的重要价值 。
keep track of how much you'll need to pay for insurance and office supplies .	为保险和办公供应的保险提供提供多少钱 。
concise , after receipt of the g frequently reply in turn good mood .	结论 , 经常在转变良好的模式下 , 经过g-频率的回复 。
unclaimed bodies of the victims , such as rehabilitation work is under way .	无声称受害者的身体 , 比如重复工作 。
karen: i read about that in a trade mag . it's a new technology .	卡伦:我在贸易mag中阅读 , 它是一个新的技术 。
this is the third in the discussion of the stars that make up the summer triangle .	这是夏季三角的第三个星系的讨论 。
in play garden , his since actor , it is miscellaneous labour ;	在玩园里 , 他的演员 , 他的演员 , 是密斯坦劳动 ;
using this factory , the following data types used for the service definition were designed .	采用此工厂 , 设计了应用该服务定义的数据类型 。
the beaver dammed the stream with mud , branches and leaves .	海滩大坝与泥泞、枝叶和叶子 。
let's get some more coffee first . i'd like a sandwich , too .	让我们第一次咖啡 。 我喜欢一个沙威 , 还有 。
i don't want to suggest that sabrina's work is purely erotic here .	我不想建议 , 萨布林亚的工作是纯正的 。
i call this italy's “straits of messina phenomenon .	我称这是意大利现象的 " 吸引力 。
read the directions and directly you will be directed in the right direction .	阅读方向 , 直接直接直接在正确方向 。
but when the policyholder is mortgages people , the situation should be different .	但是当政策者是虚拟人士 , 应该不同 。
this helps the doctor estimate how long you have been pregnant and your due date .	这帮助医生估计如何预测 , 你的双期 。
this ' honing ' is necessary in my opinion because of some reasons .	这是我思想的必要性 , 因为一些原因 。
when deciding whether or not to refinance , there are many factors to con sider .	当决定是否是否或不限制的时候 , 有很多因素 。
we have seven children in my family . all sisters , excepting me .	我们在我的家庭里有七个孩子 , 除了我 。
it offers the theoretical foundation for the use of this endosperm specific promoter .	它提供了这种内膜特定促进的理论基础 。
when the weather warms up , ice cream shops have lines out their doors .	当天气温暖的时候 , 冰淇淋店已经走出门 。
in his art world , also an impressive spring waters and autumn hills scene .	在他的艺术世界 , 还有一个印象的春水和秋山景 。
and he has discovered many such grassroots experts on douban . com .	他发现了多种草案专家 , 共和国 。
i made whales , fish , and birds of every size , shape and colour .	我制造了鲸鱼 , 鱼和鸟类的大小 , 形状和颜色 。
if two people are meant to be together , eventually they ' ll find their wat back .	如果两个人一起 , 最终他们会找到他们的看法 。
our evaluation: the parallel web provides no data locality whatsoever .	我们的评价:parallelweb提供了数据的局部 。
these restaurant recommendations can be viewed by other friends of yours .	这些餐厅的建议可以通过其他朋友看 。
i’m trying to remove as many impediments to that as possible .	我试图去除这些可能的实施 。
that he had fed live kittens to sharks . ( " no kittens . "	这是他生命的刀子 。 " 没有刀 。 "
shield and heraldic mail with surcoat show your custom banner .	用酒精制品的制品和草药制品显示您的客户 。
some believe there are concerns among the central government as well .	有些相信中央政府和中央政府的关注 。
and she passed a crime scene where somebody was shot on the street .	她穿过一条犯罪场景 , 有人在街上拍了 。
the east end of the chapel projects farther eastwards than the great gate .	比大门的东部 , 比大门东东部的东端 。
all others who found—and opened bottles—would be put to death .	所有的人都发现 , 打开瓶子 , 死亡 。
in version 6 . 0 , many additional enhancements have been introduced .	在版本6.0中 , 介绍了许多额外的增强 。
pilate therefore , willing to release jesus , spake again to them .	因此 , 将释放耶稣 , 再次给他们 。
this product has the functions of antifatigue and adjusting immune .	本产品具有抗肿瘤和调整免疫功能 。
firstly , i needed to register domain name with a registrant . for e . g .	首先 , 我需要重新注册域名 。
the cast iron rod bushing provides maximum load bearing support .	铸铁桥为最大负载轴承支撑提供最大负载轴承 。
flower town: yunnan known as " kingdom of plants " .	花城:云南人称为 " 植物王 " 。
here's a frontispiece with rosenberg in a military coat .	这里是一位军事涂层的罗森伯格 。
love the team , love the whole team , believe and trust , 4ever .	爱团队 , 爱全球队 , 相信和信任 。
the machine is with accessories and suitable for the binging of insole .	机器配件和适合插件 。
he then changed into overalls and spent the next eight hours as a dustman .	然后 , 他将下八个小时变成整体 , 将下一个小时 。
i gave away a block of cheddar cheese with crumbled bacon in it .	我给了一块珍珠的酪酪酪 , 在这里 , 在它的时候 , 我给了一块奶酪 。
we came in third . that was because ivor caught a crab right at the start .	我们来到第三次 , 这是因为ivvvor在启动 。
the beekeepers did not find dead adult bees as they often do after winter .	啤酒不会发现死亡的成果 , 因为他们经常在冬天做 。
stiga has now managed to combine speed and touch in the same blade .	斯塔现在已经经理结合同样的延伸和触摸 。
you may override this behavior with the n , or maxargs , parameter .	你可以通过n或maxarg , 参数 。
no , you may keep him out the whole night for me , '' i answered .	我回答道: " 你可以保持他整晚 , " 我回答 。
at the same time , their sensitivity to the absurd is sharper than ever .	同时 , 它们的敏感性比永远更高 。
all good chinese writers who to my mind are worth anything have repudiated it .	所有的中国作家都值得我的思想的东西 。
for whom , for whom , who has waited for eternity in a thousand years ?	对谁来说 , 谁已经等待了数年吗 ?
however , the injunction means it will miss out on the opportunity .	然而 , 调整意味着它会失去机会 。
these were led by arthur's halfsister , morgan , who was a witch .	这些被阿瑟的半姐 , 摩根 , 他是一个巫师 。
under kelly , westpac merged with st . george's in 2008 .	2008年 , 西部和乔治的乔治 。
i ' m calling you because the boy comes from your city , said dr . haydon .	我叫你 , 因为孩子来自你的城市 , 哈丹博士说 。
it was a gloomy picture , but even so we were glad to be back in formosa .	这是一个全球照片 , 但即使我们正在回来 。
though it would mean in reality we would probably look much different or not exist at all .	尽管这意味着我们可能会看到不同的或不存在 。
the housing cost is concerned with the vital interests of the billions of people .	房屋成本与数百人的虚拟兴趣 。
nominations and eight marriages , has died in los angeles at age 79 .	在79岁的时候 , 注册和八个婚姻 , 死亡了 。
wild campaign charges were made against both polk and clay .	野外的电子反对了两种粉和黑色 。
and these were different from the areas activated during the initial learning of the sequence .	在序列初始学习的初始学习中 , 它们不同于区域活动 。
a large press , inlaid with agate and lapislazuli , filled one .	一个大型的压力 , 激励和拉斯拉齐 , 填充了一个 。
iron the fly area of the pants , then the seams and hem of the first leg .	铁子的飞行区 , 然后第一腿 。
objective:to observe the action of ningxue decrease piles suppository .	目的:观察宁津降解桩供应的作用 。
breastfeeding pamphlets are available in our hospital to help you .	在我们医院的医院中 , 灾害模式可以帮助您 。
in order to properly handle criticism , you also need to properly handle praise .	为了适当处理批评 , 您也需要正确的处理 。
horrible . unwilling to die ! can not be married , and divorce !	无法死亡 ! 无法结婚 , 死亡 ! 死亡 !
for it is just as when i feed myself – i don't expect to be rewarded .	正如我感觉自己的时候 , 我不愿意租 。
poor barry stopped a packet when his car was in collision with a lorry .	穷熊在他的汽车里停止了一个包装 。
when someone says , " i'm a speaker , " this is generally what they mean .	当有人说: " 我是一个讲话者 , " 这通常是他们的意思 。
saponification slagfly ash can be used in the high fill sections of highway .	可用于高速公路的高速填充条件 。
the discovery was made by nasa's planethunting telescope kepler .	这些发现被纳萨斯的计划电子键器制成的发现 。
his daily work is to riddle coal cinders to get out the larger pieces .	他的日常工作是为了获得更大的猪 。
an applied study of radioligand binding assay on some different receptors ;	应用辐射带绑定器对不同的接收器的应用进行了研究 。
it is far away in the country , but always with me , wherever i am .	远离国家 , 但我总是和我一起 , 无论我在那里 。
to him , all the farewell sentiments are something one has to endure in life .	对于他来说 , 所有farewell的输入都是生活中最终的东西 。
" this project was interesting for manyreasons , " says mr . rochon .	" 这项项目对许多原因有兴趣 , " 罗克先生说 。
in fact , the world of friendship there are jealous , that nothing less than love .	事实上 , 朋友的世界 , 没有爱 。
the inmates burst out laughing: " where do you think you are , sweden ? "	格式爆发: " 你认为你是什么 , 瑞典 ? "
neil webb got injured and i got my chance to play for england .	网络受伤 , 我得到了我的机会 。
so i made some metal tips for my fingers and learned to play again .	所以我为我的手指做一些金属组织 , 学会再次玩 。
if you can keep your cool under stressful situations , she'll notice .	如果你可以保持你的冷却状态 , 她会注意 。
with these sprigs just fly ahead of the other pocket bikes in the race .	随着这些分裂只在比赛中飞行 。
improving the water desalting efficient is also an important method to saving water .	提高水脱水效率 , 也是节省水的重要方法 。
jeremy's eyes widened as he looked down at the city lights .	杰里的眼睛 , 他看着城市灯 。
we left there at 5:00pm , and we were all very happy for this excursion .	我们离开这里5:00pm , 我们都很幸福 。
how you find " smart " people who know the technology and the business ?	你怎么找到 " 智能 " 的人知道技术和业务 ?
yes , i must thank you for organizing that . i found it most interesting .	是的 , 我必须感谢您组织 , 我发现最有趣的 。
the spring water is of dark green , deep and running all the year round .	春天水是黑绿、深、运行全年 。
this means they will also have access to compulsory education for free .	这意味着他们也会访问自由教育 。
to recognize the disease , the review and report are as follows .	为了识别疾病、评论报告和报告 。
jeanie is right . here inuit can hunt and shoottokill freely .	珍妮是好的 。 这里就可以打猎和枪击 。
" i dance rather well for a cowboy , " he told her amusedly .	" 我舞蹈起来很好 , " 他告诉她 。
meshing the research and marketing operations will be mr . furlaud's job .	把研究和营销操作将是弗拉ud先生的工作 。
homicides are also rare , which makes new zealand a safe place to live in .	医生也很罕见 , 这使新西兰安全的地方 。
at citigroup , revenue fell by $28 billion , or 34% .	在cigroup上 , 收入28亿美元 , 或34% 。
could your faith remain firm and immoveable through these challenging times ?	您的父亲仍然可以通过这些挑战的时间 ?
it is no good hen that crackles in your house and lay in another's .	这是不好的亨利 , 在你的房子里 , 在另一个地方 。
mr . abas said the talk with powell was deep , severe and hopeful...	阿拉伯先生说 , 波威尔的谈话深 , 希望...
the codification of china's private law should model led on german one .	中国私人法的认证应该在德国一起构建 。
as a writer , i make my life known and woven into the fabric of literature .	作为一个作家 , 我把我的生命和伤害成文学的织物 。
before then , operating systems were handcoded in assembly and were not portable .	在此之前 , 运行系统在组装中处理操作系统并不能运行 。
at least now , you will have something to show for it . it may even end up on youtube .	至少现在 , 你会有一些东西 , 甚至可以在你身上 。
getting this one in the fairway is a must to avoid the canyon left .	在公路上 , 必须避免龙左边 。
the little mermaid is one of anderson's more moving fairytales .	小梅是一个更多的运动员之一 。
as soon as the baby cormorant breaks the eggs , it is watched by damin himself .	正如孩子们吃蛋 , 看着大卫自己看 。
chinese translations shall be attached to the documents and forms done in foreign languages .	中国翻译应当安装文档和外语的形式 。
navy blue is a trusted colour and gives us confidence , " lindsay said . "	海军蓝是信任的颜色 , 给我们信心 , " 丽莎说 。
except it's difficult to analyze the genes of the extinct mosasaurs .	除此 , 分析了扩大mosaur的基因 。
therefore , collectivity design on the underwater ship hull cleaning robot is finished .	因此 , 完成了水下船干净机器人的集体设计 。
grasp planning is the most important subject of the masterslave dexterous hand grasping .	专业计划是大规划最重要的主题 。
using the latest technologies and procedures in manufacturing , officemanagement and design .	利用最新的技术和工程 , 在制造、办公管理和设计过程中使用最新技术 。
returns the zerobased index of the item at the specified coordinates .	返回基于零指定项目的零指标 。
he extended along to see an outside and started to grip a duck leg to bite all alone .	他从外面看 , 开始把一只鸭腿放到白色 。
chanel's dedication to the apparel industry will never be forgotten by people of the world .	通道的消息将永远不会被世界人忘记 。
some discussions concerning the application and selected method of power line carrier equipment are also given .	介绍了电线载体设备的应用和选择方法 。
a soa is an enterprisescale it architecture for linking resources on demand .	苏珊是一家企业 , 它为需求链接资源的建筑 。
total firsttime enrolment of international graduate students rose 12 per cent this year .	今年 , 国际毕业生总量增长12% 。
the soviet commitment to the destruction of capitalism is not purely ritualistic and proforma .	资本主义的决策承诺并非纯粹的理论和性能 。
the town of lunenburg just like tongli is also a world cultural heritage site .	lunenburg的城市也是一个世界文化遗产 。
in this paper , a kind of new catalysts for olefins hydroformylation was studied .	本文研究了一种新型催化剂对氧化氢的新催化剂 。
finally , the key issues for future development and solving strategies were discussed .	最后讨论了未来发展和解决策略的关键问题 。
objective to study the protective effects of pts on focal cerebral ischemia in rats .	目的研究pts对大鼠血清化学的保护作用 。
ftlauderdalesun — stark contrast to the violent and swift water of the beach .	布莱尔德·威尔斯·哈克对海滩暴力和游泳水进行比较 。
tarpaulin , can be seen everywhere in china and is said not only very unique landscape .	tarpaulin , 可以看到中国的每个地方 , 不仅是独特的景观 。
a deep change is coming and it aims to transform several life phellolosophelloes .	深度变化是变化的 , 旨在转变几个生命哲学 。
during the summer months , mice will generally live outside and remain contended there .	在夏季的几个月里 , 小鼠通常住在外面 , 仍然在那里 。
the key to making a skidded parallel turn is the controlled sideslip .	这个关键是控制的副作用 。
the next step is to instantiate the runtime wires that connect the components .	下一步是将运行时线 , 连接组件 。
one free draft beer for purchasing draft beer at lunch time in de bistro .	一款免费的啤酒在圣诞节中购买的啤酒 。
the judge told the prisoner the jury had acquitted him of the charge of bigamy .	司法官告诉监狱的监狱已经收集了他大脑的魅力 。
the six u . s . schools have awarded more than 2 , 250 degrees here .	美国学校的六大学奖励超过2 , 250度 。
these attacks must stop and so must the smuggling of weapons into gaza .	这些攻击必须停止 , 所以必须把武器放入加沙 。
i am very satisfied , from 2001 to the present the past few years amounted to more than live .	我非常满意 , 从2001年到目前的几年里 , 目前的生活 。
figure 4: mapping the various abd workflows across several projects	图4:在几个项目中映射各种abd工作流程 。
the medieval worlds in its everyday transactions , had never insisted upon ready money .	中世每天交易中 , 中期交易的世界从未坚持赚钱 。
you cannot abuse and torture people and expect to get results that are accurate and credible .	你不能购买和恐怖人 , 希望获得准确的和信用 。
clark's sgmls is the most widelyused sgml parser in the world .	克拉克的gml是世界上最广泛的sgml公园 。
" look , nanny , perfume , " eleanor holds up a bottle of cologne .	" 看来 , 南极 , " 埃利亚把瓶子连接起来 。
have you ever tried to answer questions like these , either for yourself or for someone else ?	你曾试图回答这些问题 , 不管你自己或其他人呢 ?
the catalog contains the latest releases of projects and their descriptions .	目录包含最新的项目和其描述的描述 。
it sets out tax policy for the year . since 1997 there has also been a prebudget report .	自1997年以来 , 自1997年也设置了税务政策 。
objective to establish the qualitative identification methods of ninxin capsules .	目的建立ninxin蛋白质量鉴别方法 。
objective: to set up the fast immune method in detecting ureaplasma urealyticum .	目的:建立快速免疫方法 。
he al ays makes full preparations for his classes and corrects our home ork carefully .	他对他的课程进行完整的准备 , 正确的家庭或问道 。
lady gaga: for halloween i'm going to be...a little monster ! ! ! !	拉迪·加格:我要做............... ! !
and the living creatures ran and returned as the appearance of a flash of lightning .	生命的生物运行和回归作为光灯的出现 。
we caught up with a variety of lawyers and legal academics on the deal .	我们以各种律师和法律学术为主题 。
when poissons ratio is zero , tile exact solution of displacement is obtained .	获得了poisson比例 , 选择显示方案的解决方案 。
affects a maximum of 5 friendly targets and 5 enemy targets .	影响了5个朋友目标和5个敌目标 。
he apparently expected to see only lattesipping , scriptwriting spectators .	他似乎只能看到晚期 , 脚本视频 。
it's a smile , a rather dorky smile , but there's a smile .	这是一个笑容 , 一个比喻笑容 , 但是有一个笑容 。
minimizes penetration , which may help prevent burnthrough on thin materials .	在薄材料中 , 可以有助于防止烧伤 。
the state space equation of rigidflexible coupled isolation system is established .	建立了刚性耦合系统的状态空间方程 。
her louboutin ankle boots provide that highfashion edge she's become famous for .	她的洛杉矶提供了高时尚边缘 , 她成为著名的 。
high cortisol levels can affect sleep , weight and immune resistance .	高腐蚀水平可以影响睡眠、重量和免疫阻力 。
resultsincidence rate of psychological problems was 15 . 79% in the editors ;	结果心理问题的发生率为15.79% ;
our publication house plans to publish a series of modern versions of the classics .	我们的公共房子计划发布一系列现代版本 。
made out of chestnut wood , and all the blocks and cleats are made out of cherry wood .	由于奶酪木制成 , 所有的块和清洁都由樱桃木制成 。
his artwork has been compiled into the series collected art work of jao tsungi .	他的艺术作品被编译成了jaotuns的艺术作品 。
if you run into crocodiles , just kick them with your boots . you want to catch me up ?	如果你跑到crocole中 , 只要把它们杀死 , 你想抓我吗 ?
when you’re enjoying what you do , you’re more likely to do it well and to be successful .	当你喜欢你做什么时候 , 你更有可能做好 , 并且成功 。
their insights were invaluable to me in putting the " how to " parts of these posts together .	他们的照片是如何合作这些邮件的一部分 " 如何 " 这些邮件 。
this can be made a skip test to try to ping localhost if apache is in the process list .	如果apache的过程列表中 , 这可以试图在该过程列表中的应用程序 。
tom: that is weird . if every comment was left at 2:08 , it must be a clue .	汤姆:这是我们的 , 如果每个评论都在2:08年左右 , 那就必须是一个俱乐部 。
andrew feustel , an astronaut , got soap in his eye and started tearing up .	在他的眼睛里 , 一个宇航员 , 在他的眼睛里 , 开始泪 。
experimentation proved that tdd digital handset is feasible in technology .	实验证明td数字手术是可行的 。
we will provide you some inquiry or reference about view , food , residence during the journey .	我们将为您提供一些关于看法、食物、居民提供一些相关的参考或参考 。
enrico letta of the democratic party of the left said the violence must be deplored .	左方民主党的民主党说 , 暴力必须被删除 。
joe:well , it's a ...ok . let me teach you . one plus one equals two .	乔:我们 , 好...........................一等一等 。
this paper makes a further development on the basis of the study made by the traditional grammarians .	本文对传统的格兰玛亚人进行研究的进一步发展 。
reference:help improve . . . . therefore , it is in the basic interestes of all chinese .	参考:help提高了 。 因此 , 在中国基本兴趣的基本兴趣 。
this moment will nap , you will have a dream ; but this moment study , you will interpret a dream .	这个时候 , 你会有梦想 ; 但是这项研究 , 你会解释梦 。
like i mentioned , you can also use " i want to " to ask if you may do something indirectly .	就像我提到的 , 你也可以使用 " 我想要 " 问你可以直接做一些东西 。
i did ask and the guy said he was neg and only ever played safe but hadnt been tested in over a year .	我问 , 男孩说他是网络 , 只有在一年的测试 。
thee guy replies , " oh , that was his mother . she wanted him tobe a doctor . " "	男孩回答: " 哦 , 这是他的母亲 , 她想他是一个医生 。 "
well it is a watch but it is a steampunk watch and that is what makes all the difference .	这是一个看法 , 但它是一个蒸汽车观察 , 这是让所有的差异 。
butterflies , flying around della , said , " can you smell the spring in the air ?	可是 , 飞行在德拉 , 说: " 你能在空中游戏吗 ?
i swear to god . i'll throw you out of this house and never look at you again !	我喜欢上帝 , 我会把你扔出这家房子 , 从来不再看你 !
every time you touch your face , you're oepositing dirt and oil , which can clog pores .	每次你会触摸你的脸 , 你就会触摸死亡和油 , 可以对客户污染 。
the premium line will be designed by tara members , and include their writing and pictures .	总线将由塔拉成员设计 , 包括他们的写作和照片设计 。
if an amount is not stated in the appendix to tender this sub clause shall not apply .	如果一个数量不在这个子clas中发表的话 , 应该申请 。
and ebay claims it does a better job of preventing fraud than other payment services .	而ebay称 , 这比其他付款服务更好的防止预防预防预防预防预防预防 。
correlation of different tnm stages in the overall correlation coefficient is0 . 569 .	综合关系系数为0.569 。
if you give up the right , anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law .	如果你给出了正确的话 , 那么你可以再次使用你在法律课程中使用 。
at the same time . the interference in the detection caused by the presence of m50 alkyl...	同时 , 由m50kyl引起的检测原因 。
may you remain strong and continue praying for us , most honoured and reverent lord .	或许你仍然为我们祈祷 , 大多数荣誉耶和华 。
you can also design your own modules , so webmin can always be adapted to fit your needs .	你也可以设计自己的模块 , 所以webmin总是适应您的需要 。
the dialer makes out going phone calls on the pc with a usb phone or headset .	计算机把电话叫做一个用户手机或头部 。
we want to try to solve problems that have troubled our nations and our relationship for decades .	我们希望试图解决我们的国家和我们的关系 。
there are many many ways round it , i think that at every occasion we need to look for the best fingering .	有很多途径 , 我认为我们需要寻找最好的手指 。
finally , when she turned fortyfive years old , she found the courage to walk away .	最后 , 当她转了五岁的时候 , 她发现了法庭走了 。
there is nothing more damaging than not having a single question at the end of an interview .	在采访结束结束之后 , 没有比单个问题更加伤害 。
sundress in chiffon with adjustable shoulder straps and layered sweep .	可调节肩膀的肩膀膀膀膀膀膀膀膀膀膀膀膀胱 。
in addition , bba could increase the expression of hsp60 at 12 h after sn lesion .	另外 , bba可以增加hsp60在nsnssnate的表达 。
merrie shook her head . “i don’t think they’ve figured out yet how to live . ”	她的头 , " 我不认为他们是如何生活的 。 "
the second newly confirmed case was a 23yearold man from bogor , west java .	第二名新证实案例是一名23岁的男子 , 西杰瓦 。
single flagship product with potential integrations to other aspects of the sccm suite	单层产品与潜在集成其他方面的特点 , 都有潜在的产品 。
i'm carl azuz , welcome to a new week of cnn student news .	我是卡尔兹 , 欢迎一个新周的cn学生新闻 。
last time john flow to hong kong he was so ill he had to use the airsickness bag .	最后 , 约翰流到香港 , 他要用空气袋 。
when i got it out of the trash , it was covered in soggy , sticky garbage .	当我走出来的垃圾时 , 它覆盖了蛋糕 , 抗k气体 。
listen to the reports , know the landscape , plug your ears , and go on ahead .	听到报告 , 知道你的耳朵 , 把耳朵放在前面 。
lest the lord see it , and it displease him , and he turn away his wrath from him .	让耶和华看到它 , 把他从他走去 。
plg and antibiotic group exhibited significantly lower scores than others .	plg和抗生素组表现显著低于其他疾病 。
if they do something good , no matter how small , celebrate like they just landed on the moon !	如果他们做好的事情 , 不管怎么小 , 就像他们在月球上站着 !
idiographic type , each technical parameter , please call oremail !	鉴别类型 , 每个技术参数 , 请呼叫或邮件 !
there's someone who loves you far more than you know with a love that kee growing as days come and go .	有人喜欢你们的爱情 , 让孩子生长 , 去 。
globalisation is a catchall to describe increased international trade .	全球基础是描述国际贸易的核心机构 。
use the " i'm frustrated " pattern to express yourself when you feel stifled ,	使用 " 我被破坏 " 模式来表达自己 , 当你觉得稳定的时候 , 我感到沮丧 " 模式 。
my parents speak and act like " old children " , often make people laugh .	我的父母讲话 , 像 " 老孩子 " , 常让人们笑 。
buffalo has offered many insights into the human dance in the materials we have shared .	buffalo在我们共享的材料共享 。
the u . s . emerged from the grueling 20072009 recession just over two years ago .	2007年前 , 美国从2007-2009年的衰退仅达到了两年前 。
kneed for 10 minutes and set aside in a large bowl until double in size .	直到大小两分之间 , 为10分钟 , 设置在大碗内 , 直到大小 。
her children vetoed the idea , saying mr . diez just wants her money .	她的孩子们说 , 迪兹先生想要她的钱 。
things between us you can't hide , a stranger's hand weighs upon your mind .	在我们之间 , 你不能隐藏 , 一个陌生的手重起来 。
however , when the snow continued to the south sala , has become a disaster .	然而 , 当雪继续到南沙拉 , 已成为灾难 。
here is the reddest rose in all the world . you will wear it tonight next your heart .	这里是世界上最红色的玫瑰 , 你会穿上你的心 。
love is our true destiny . we do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone .	爱是我们的真实 , 我们不会发现自己的生命意义 。
out of his trance jim seemed quickly to wake . he enfolded his della .	他的悲剧似乎很快地醒来 , 他把他的死了 。
the breed is only one in a gallery of bizarre variations of the common goldfish .	这个床只是一个在常见的金鱼的混合变化 。
ceaselessly musing , venturing , throwing , seeking the spheres to connect them .	无论如何必要 , 紧张 , 走路 , 寻找蜘蛛连接 。
how can a side , the spot asked zhu xiaoshui is a small shewolf .	怎么可以一边 , 喷泉问张家是一个小型的羊毛 。
dragons are terrifying and aweinspiring as they take wing and breathe fire .	龙正在冲击和威胁他们采取翅膀 , 呼吸火 。
but your precious hours are probably better spent thinking about whether you like your date .	但是 , 你的前一小时可能更好的蜘蛛思考是否喜欢你的日期 。
yet others advertise their services – known as escort services – on the internet .	然而 , 其他人在互联网上称为scort服务的广告 。
if they add artificial intelligence , we can find out if the device is happy as a clam .	如果他们添加人工智能 , 我们可以找出如果设备快乐 。
in addition , 2/84 cases could not be detected by rsca for their poor pcr results .	另外 , 2/84例无法检测rcr结果的rcr结果 。
i'll live my life apart from you , just glimpsing you across the sky .	我将生命离你 , 只是在天上闪烁你 。
people , but i don't know , at the same time , i think people are really interested in what they're doing .	人们 , 但我不知道 , 在同时 , 我认为人们正在做什么 。
greek , made in athens , 510 – 490 bc , from vulci , italy .	希腊 , 在阿森 , 510-10-490c , 意大利 。
this not only recite a long time , will be known to the " cooked " to " fine " , as i can .	这并不仅是一个长时间 , 会知道 " 烹饪 " 的 " 好 " , 因为我可以 。
young plants of the wheat and the grass were the best to feed the nymphae .	小麦的年轻植物是最好的饲养nmpha 。
nowadays as more and more people study abroad , the returnees are not so popular as before .	现在 , 越来越多的人研究 , 返回并不如此流行 。
however , eventually the crowds tire of him and he gets bored just swinging on tires .	然而 , 最终 , 最终 , 他刚刚刚转开 。
as we all know the opium war in 1840 china began to the modernization of humiliation .	我们都知道 , 1840年中国开放战争的现代化 。
jeb wilkinson: a man has only one life time . but history can remember you forever .	杰布·沃金森:一个人只有一个生命 , 但是历史可以记得你永远忘记 。
the heat then propels the seawater back up through the crust , where it meets colder water .	然后 , 海水回来 , 会遇冷水 。
david k . cohen's teaching and its predicaments takes on that paradox .	大卫k.柯恩教学和其预言在这个公园 。
in late 1970s , some npos have realized that marketing may be helpful to reach their goal .	1970年底 , 有些npo已经意识到市场可能有助于达到他们的目标 。
crop scientist jess lowenbergdeboer says this helps local farmers relate to them .	瑞典科学家jopenenenenengdeboer说 , 这帮助地方农民关系 。
say , " mary is my friend , and it makes me feel bad to hear you talk this way . "	玛丽说: " 我的朋友 , 让我听到这句话 。 "
nitrate was the mainly form of dissolved inorganic nitrogen in zhelin bay .	nitrate是zhelinbay中有机氮的主要形式 。
consider purchasing a hepa filter to remove the greatest amount of allergens .	考虑购买一个肝膜去除最大的合金 。
if you decide to have a more featurerich database later , you will have to change the code in your application .	如果您决定有更多的特征数据库 , 你必须在您的应用程序中改变代码 。
one day , when they do find time to stop to smell the flowers , it might be too late .	有一天 , 当他们找到时间停下来叫花 , 可能太晚了 。
kra could not be applied to uncertain data directly because uncertain data has probability .	kra不能直接应用于不确定数据 , 因为不确定数据具有可能性 。
please send your resumes , expected salary and photos to address by post .	请发送您的休闲 , 期待我们的薪酬和照片 。
li bai said there is a place near the hot springs , is an excellent place to cultivate .	李宝说 , 在热泉附近的地方 , 是一个很好的地方 。
but perhaps you'd like to see it in hires on a huge screen ? maybe in 3d ?	但是 , 你可能想看到它在大屏上看到它 ? 可能在3d时 ?
he kept his strong and vigorous mien . the water bottle in his bag wobbled .	他坚持他的强烈和暴力的米林 , 水瓶在他的袋子里 。
as logistics sites , cities are of higher risk of harmful biological invasion .	作为物流网站 , 城市较高危害生物灾害的风险 。
in joint offense has transitional form of crimes , also exists surplus behavior .	在联合国已经传统的危机 , 也存在了现有的行为 。
in certain circumstances the capabilities of a human observer are limited .	在某些情况下 , 人类观察器的能力有限 。
careful examination of the orings confirmed that there was no blowby whatsoever .	仔细的检查确认 , 无论是什么 。
most of the time this will apply to cutting up visual designs or helping troubleshoot a bug .	大多数时间 , 这将适用于切断视觉设计或帮助麻烦 。
no matter where i go , yangzhou's snacks will never leave my mind .	无论我去哪儿 , 杨州的蛇不会留下我的心 。
the increasing speed of internet connections is the main reason for the fastgrowth .	互联网连接速度的增加速度是最快的原因 。
here's hoping that more of his work gets translated into english . and soon , please !	这里希望更多的作品转换成英语 , 很快请 !
representation of cancer in the medical literature a bibliometric analysis	医学文献中的癌症表现为生物学分析 。
the mayfly is to trout fly fishing , what the microchip is to the personal computer .	五月的飞行鱼 , 微芯是个人计算机 。
we pissed our teacher off again today , horsing around and acting up .	今天我们的老师们又走下来 , 跳舞 , 跳起来 。
the findings of physical examination correlated with the different nerve root deficits .	不同神经根缺陷相关的物理检查发现与不同神经根缺陷相关 。
disabling , refractory knee pain that meets both of the following criteria .	折磨 , 折磨膝痛 , 两者都会遇到犯罪 。
village environment safety is beautiful and clean , vegetation is rich !	村庄环境安全美 , 清洁 , 植物丰富 !
you can air dry sports bras to prolong the life of the moisturewicking fabrics .	您可以空气干燥体育大脑的生命 。
chill winter didn't affect the trend of outbreak of summer and fall .	冰冬不影响夏季和秋季的趋势 。
in xikang , for instance , a number of problems have cropped up in this field .	例如 , 很多问题已经在这个领域进行交叉 。
minute fragments of shoot apices are proverbially difficult to culture .	缺乏语言的缺点是很难文化的困难 。
a tipical reset technique for five transistors active pixel is proposed .	提出了一种基于五种传动管的组织反应技术 。
well , the answer is simple , the answer is found using a counterexample .	此外 , 答案是简单的 , 该答案使用一个反方案 。
objective: nutrients in northern hibiscus syriacus are determined .	目的:测定北方hibicu的营养剂 。
burning fire dragon in huanglongxi dated back to the southern song dynasty .	黄西南宋时期烧火龙龙龙 。
cu sidhe are huge , dark green fay hounds from the land of ever young .	苏格林是大量的 , 黑绿色的蜜蜂 , 从年轻的地方 。
print a machine parsable list of features the specified plugin provides .	印刷机分离列表指定插件提供的特殊插件 。
the chinese traditional culture is kind of material form of the chinese thinking , speaking and operating .	中国传统文化是中国思维、语言和操作的材料 。
the workers were frequently beaten and were forced to live in prisonlike conditions .	工人通常生活在监狱条件中 。
an entrylevel position in sales . eventual goal: manager of marketing department .	在销售中 , 事件目标:营销部经理 。
in the course of our trip , we have learned a great deal in all the places we visited .	在我们的旅途中 , 我们已经学到了一个伟大的交易 。
oh , i went to this beautiful place in italy . it's called tuscany .	哦 , 我去意大利这个美丽的地方 , 叫tuscany 。
that he might sanctify her , cleansing her by the washing of the water in the word .	这句话 , 他可以把她清洗她 , 清洗她的洗水 。
how does ability overcome my old selfabased psychology ? very irritated !	我老自我心理学的能力是怎么回归 !
there's less than two weeks to go until the start of the shenzhen universiade .	直到深圳大学开始的第二周内 , 还有两个星期 。
rub the cream , for heating , which is more easily absorbed by the skin .	运行cream , 因为热量更容易被皮肤吸收 。
the hexapede staggers . it stands , its muscles spasming , then falls over .	混合的调整器 , 它站着它的肌肉 , 然后倒塌 。
to get myself to actually do , my favorite trick is the 50 minutes rule .	实际上 , 我最喜欢的试验是50分钟的规则 。
the next step would be to add the such systems to subways in major metropolitan areas .	下一步将加入该系统 , 将在主要的地区 。
in old china , eighty per cent of the children received no formal education .	在中国 , 8%的孩子收到了正式教育 。
my dad was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in the prime of hellos life .	我的爸被诊断了多个脚本 。
these projects showed the wisdom and innovativeness of the participating students .	这些项目显示了参与学生的智慧和创新性 。
tour montparnasse , with 209 meters the second highest in europe , paris .	209米 , 游客莫帕纳斯 , 在欧洲第二次最高的巴黎 。
during the month the house was under repair , we lived with our cousins next door .	在这个月里 , 我们住在我们的房子下门 。
the news isn't all bad , according to an accompanying editorial .	据一项协会编辑器的报道 , 新闻并非所有坏事 。
an object of the present invention is to miniaturize a circuit board connector .	本发明的目的是为了减少电路板连接器 。
uzma mehboob worked as a program manager when the shelter was for women .	uzmamehboob作为一个项目经理 , 当女性时 , uzmahboob工作 。
the paper gives an introduction to the research and produce of the product of base wallpaper .	本文介绍了基础墙板的研究和生产 。
we substituted red balls for blue balls , to see if the baby could notice .	我们用蓝球的红球 , 看孩子会注意 。
the great will of combating the yushu earthquake continuously inspired me .	伟大的将继续激励我 。
this is because the outer cuticle layer of the hair fiber is broken and flaked .	这是由于头发纤维的外部层被破坏 。
compound of protease , amylase , diastatic enzyme , mannase etc .	蛋白酶、氨基酸、糖尿酶、人类等 。
has destroyed argentina's 5 " the super colors " the attack airplane .	已经摧毁了阿根廷5 " 超级颜色 " 攻击空气 。
stress shelter of iesn was less than that of intramedullary interlocking nail .	应力壳的应力较少 , 因此 , 干扰海军 。
this furnace is used at the anshan iron and steel co . as demonstration furnace .	此外 , 这种燃烧炉使用于安山铁和钢铁 , 作为示范炉 。
china's reform on the election system of presiding judge has been implemented for 5 years .	中国总统法官的选举制度改革已经实现了5年 。
feel the body relax , feel the tenseness disappear , but do not fall asleep .	感觉身体放松 , 感觉紧张失望 , 但不会睡眠 。
after about 6 months of silence , there have been some significant updates .	在大约6个月后 , 有一些重要的更新 。
they at once take up their nephews' cause , free them , and kill their guards .	他们一旦把他们的网络原因 , 免费他们 , 杀死他们的卫生 。
quest , question , there is no coincidence that there is an etymological link between the two .	问道 , 问题没有联系 , 两者之间有一个典型的关系 。
the reason behind this is that it makes the products seem to have higher protein levels .	后面的原因是 , 它使产品似乎具有更高的蛋白水平 。
azo is deposited by electronic beam evaporation on the k9 substrates .	通过电子束分解 , 将电子束分解为k9分子 。
a polling station is where i vote and is listed on my elector information card .	在我的电子信息卡中 , 一个污染站是我电子信息卡的地方 。
pvc insulated and pvc sheathed fine steel wire armoured power cables .	pvc调制和pvc薄薄薄薄钢电缆 。
the membrane technology has been widely used in the water treatment industry .	膜技术广泛应用于水处理工业 。
when the tank is filled , it will fill in all the gaps and pull the plastic tight .	当罐填充时 , 将填充所有的气体 , 推动塑料的重量 。
in the marmoset kitchen , peter prepares the monkeys' daily menu .	在马尔摩斯的厨房里 , 彼得准备猴子的日常菜 。
gold apt to look for in the world , human world bosom friend difficult to seek .	金笔寻找世界 , 人类的朋友难以寻找 。
the paper also describes descaling scheme , control conditions and cleaning results .	本文还描述了控制条件和清洁结果的控制条件 。
my recommendation is to choose one of these activities , most days of the week .	我的建议是选择这些活动之一 , 大多数的日子 。
the theory of tidal friction is the concern of dynamic oceanography .	组织摩擦理论是动态心理学的关键 。
the excited o_2 molecule oxidizes a free radical in the solvent .	激活o2分子氧化物在溶剂中自由辐射 。
jenna: an australian accused a chinese restaurant of cooking koalas .	杰纳:澳大利亚的一个中国餐厅 。
the homotopy operator of difference complex is an important result .	差异复杂的热运行器是一个重要的结果 。
well , if i had the option , i would really like to go to grad school for linguistics .	嗯 , 如果我有选项 , 我真的想去毕业学校 。
they found that individuals have reduced selfconcept clarity after a breakup .	他们发现 , 个人已经减少自我观念障碍 。
tonight tis zhichunlu warm air of new insect sound through the green screens .	今晚的组织包括新昆虫的空气 , 透过绿色屏幕 。
the rotating slip ring is insulated from the shaft by a laminated plastic bushing .	由激光塑造的塑料混合而引起的旋转环 。
while arousing more , then such as mercury xian ground , the glory yi shoot ;	然而 , 如杰克·安地面 , 全球鞋 ;
preparation of manpower , funds and materials for rescue and disaster relief ;	制备manpower、基金和灾难救济资金 ;
this painting is of no use to draw the shades of images of light distribution .	这幅画没有用来绘制光分布的形象 。
the candidates will received their test report forms with one month after they finished their test .	候选人将接受他们的测试报告形式 , 他们完成了他们的测试 。
when disturbed , the fish inflates itself and becomes globular in form .	当消失的时候 , 鱼就变成了形式的全球 。
content schematics show concise pictures of what makes a data structure big .	内容化学显示了什么使得数据结构大 。
its nine points are numbered 100 through 900 for easy citation and reference .	它的九点数量为900个 , 易于选择和参考 。
i'd love to stay later , but my mom would pitch a fit i'm not home by 10 .	我喜欢呆在后来 , 但我的妈妈会在家里拍一个好处 。
and when you go there , the first thing you think is " oh my god , this place is amazing . "	当你去那儿 , 第一件事情就是 " 哦 , 这个地方是疯狂的 。 "
she realised then that horrific sexual violence was taking place in every village round goma .	她意识到 , 在每个村庄的时候 , 她真正意识到 , 在每个村庄的游戏中 。
in time , maybe two weeks , you'll be ready for a sight and a target .	当时 , 或许两周 , 你会准备一个光线和目标 。
the character of dividing frequency of granite double fractal is discussed also .	讨论了格兰双基础的分裂频率 。
pro: the report based on high resolution image component would be printed in high quality .	基于高分辨图像组件的报告 , 基于高质量的印刷 。
love does not consist in gazing at each other but looking forward together in the same direction .	爱不会在每个方向上共同寻找同一个方向 。
city is a big source of geo environmental polution and its victim as well .	城市是地球环境污染的大源 , 以及其维生素 。
so what should i do ? actually i lied , by the way , when i said the answer was over there .	所以我应该做什么呢 ? 当我说答案在那儿 。
we would quickly find out that our presentation was doomed before we ever set foot into the meeting .	我们很快会发现我们在会议之前 , 我们的表达已经在会议之前 。
walnut creek is just outside oakland , loves apple products , and has great internet .	沃伦·克只是外面的奥克兰 , 爱苹果产品 , 拥有很大的互联网 。
they tend to forage out into the gulf , where the oil is dominating the seascape , " he says .	他说: " 他们在那里 , 石油正在消除海藻类型 , " 他说 。
this test is interesting because stringbuffers are optimized for performing fast appends .	这种测试是因为操作快速应用的优化而优化的 。
then you can you create helpful checklists or other articles as pdfs that people can download .	然后你可以创建有助于检查或其他文章 , 人们可以下载的pdf 。
" if you wait for things to be perfect , you're going to wait a long time .	" 如果你等待事情完美 , 你会等待长时间 。
view the people who have access to the site you’ll be on the people . aspx page .	看看那些有访问的网站 , 你会在人群上访问 。 阿普斯页 。
your eyes show sternness , but more kindness and care . thank you for me feel important .	你的眼睛显示了东西 , 但更多的心理 , 感谢我感到重要 。
in some cases , yes , but the inherent skepticism lives on , experts say .	在某些情况下 , 专家说 , 另外的关键主义生活 。
1967 suharto takes over from sukarno to become president of indonesia .	1967年 , 苏丹诺总统成为印度总统 。
not only can walking fish live out of water but they can also travel short distances over land .	不仅能走出水 , 但它们也可以在土地旅游短距离 。
the boy dropped the apples he had stolen and cut away across the orchard .	男孩把苹果放下了苹果 , 坐在门口 。
as a new method , ree tracer technique has been widely used in soil erosion research .	作为土壤环境研究中广泛应用的新方法 。
they also converted one species of bacterium into another through a “genome transplant” .	他们也通过 " 原子移植 " 转移器转换为另一类细菌 。
it compares well enough with my nikon 50mm f1 . 4 at max aperture .	比较了我的nikon50mf1.4在max性能下比较好 。
reducing the date rate by onehalf will double the duration of each symbol interval .	减少每个符号间隔的时间 , 减少每个符号的时间 。
" then why are you crying ? " asks the bird . " you are making me wet ! "	" 为什么你哭 ? " 你要求鸟 , " 你正在做我 ! "
since then 16 years , the war stretches continuously , but are relatively small .	自然16年以来 , 战争行业继续 , 但相对小 。
i'm actually a little bit sad because i really like michigan state university .	我真的喜欢迈根州大学 。
the competition : “i watch all my competitors closely and with lots of respect .	竞争: " 我看我所有的竞争者 , 有很多尊重 。
but dobby had to come . dobby has to protect harry potter . to warn him .	但是多比亚必须来保护哈利波特 。 告诉他 。
ben had it out with his roommate about coming back home so late and making a lot of noise .	贝恩和他的房间关于回家 , 晚些时候做了很多噪音 。
when the language in literature is artful , i would choose to read every word .	当文学中的语言是艺术的时候 , 我会选择每个词 。
and a lawless afghanistan could again become alqaeda’s base .	阿富汗可以再次成为阿富汗基地的基地 。
also , all of my teammates were courteous , kind and available in the dressing room .	另外 , 我的团队都是勇敢的 , 类型在舞蹈室 。
we have to exclude certain causes , like suicide , in the case of life insurance .	我们必须有某些原因 , 像自杀 , 在生命保险案例中 , 我们必须执行某些原因 。
i love tuktuks , the motoring equivalent of putting your head in a blender .	我喜欢ttuk , 同样把你的头放在一个盲手中 。
you can make water roll off guo's metals by tilting them less than five degrees .	你可以把水滚下来的金属减少五分之一 。
maggie said , 'i know , but it's only a year and a half away from graduating .	麦琪说: " 我知道 , 但只是一年一半的毕业 。
even when seeking only a casual liaison , do not go out dressed like an unmade bed .	即使在寻找一个自由的狮子 , 不会像一个独特的床 。
it arrived on plastic plates with the meat dropping off the bone by the handful .	用用手把肉放下来的塑料板 , 用手把肉放下来 。
botos forage among flooded trees for fish , crabs , and turtles .	食物的树木 , 鱼类和龟类 。
boilers not replaced by 2030 would need to be modified to meet the new regulations .	2030年博士不需要修改新的规定 。
our lives will be filled with joy and hope and all the blessings god wants for us .	我们的生活将充满欢乐和希望 , 祝福神愿我们 。
last year we had 30 mayors from the chongqing area in my city of chattanooga .	去年 , 我们从长庆区的30名参加者 。
after all , it doesn’t matter what you have access to if you can’t read it .	毕竟 , 如果你不能阅读它 。
they are selfconfident and have strong opinions on a variety of issues .	他们是自信的 , 在各种问题上具有强烈的意义 。
designating who ihr contact points at the headquarters or the regional level ;	在头部或区域水平的设计中 , 包括ihr接触点 ;
i think we're in for a longer trend of either malaise or just a down channel .	我觉得我们是一个更长的趋势 , 也是一个下线 。
but the effect is too unspecific and will rarely lead to clearance and seroconversion .	但是 , 这种效应很少会导致清晰和安全转换 。
needless to say it's a welcome drenching but it still isn't all that much fun .	无需说这是一个欢迎的欢迎 , 但它仍然不够有趣 。
highback booster seat designed to fit a growing child up to 120 lbs .	高babooster座位设计了一个生长的孩子 。
stone is a gogetter . he'll make an excellent student body president .	石油是一个优秀的学生体育总统 。
the cause of corrosion and elimination method of 188 stainless steel are discussed .	讨论了1888无锈钢的腐蚀和消除原因 。
she says she's considering reopening once the residents are allowed to move back .	她说 , 她考虑一旦居民被允许搬回 。
so dust off that old diary , or open up a word document , and try it .	因此 , 除了那个旧的饮食 , 或者打开一个词文档 , 试图试图试图 。
proper kgm concentration can keep sphere shape and meet constant release rate .	属性kgm浓度可以保持spherpepe和会议释放率 。
this is a story about michael berrian , a homeless man from newark , new jersey .	这是一个关于迈克利亚的故事 , 新泽西的故事 。
and i will feed the flock of slaughter , even you , o poor of the flock .	我会感到奴隶的地板 , 即使你 , 穷人 。
download the ps3 otheros installer from sony and save it as otheros . self .	下载ps3os安装器 , 保存它 。
a scan of 4337 other cases and 2077 controls yielded the same result .	另一例437例患者和207例同样的控制结果 。
for instance , if your boss is late for your meeting , then you have more time to prepare .	例如 , 如果你的老板迟到会议 , 那么你有更多时间准备 。
the " she " serial works show the living condition of chinese women of different backgrounds .	" 她 " 系列工作显示了不同背景的生活条件 。
it mounts just behind your shower head , so you won’t even notice it’s there .	只有在你的演员头后 , 所以你不会注意到这里 。
if i could choose between his life and bill gate's life , it's a nobrainer .	如果我能选择自己的生命和杀虫生命之间的生命 , 那就是一个诺贝兰人 。
cable has good earthing and bending performance and high electric insulating performance .	电缆具有良好的地球性能和高电性能 。
paradoxically , the principle of voluntary join caused a low attendance of farmers .	通常 , 志愿参与者的原则引起农民的关注 。
the cross location is the uppermost location mode for the shipborne microwave oth radar .	交叉位置是船舶微波辐射的最高位置模式 。
this indicates the general historical trend and this is what the people aspire , which nobody can defy .	这表明 , 总体的历史趋势 , 这是人们的api , 没有人可以防御 。
i managed to persuade quite a few people to see me , and i must keep the appointments .	我经过几个人去看我 , 我必须保持审判 。
the control of hydrogen sulfide using biological fixedfilm filter is an economical and effective method .	利用生物固定膜的控制是一种经济和有效的方法 。
different strides of different personalities captured in fullbody shots while strolling in orchard road .	不同的个性捕捉在全身购物的不同方面 , 同时在orchard路中带来不同的人格捕捉 。
for the employees and between enterprises , the enterprises should be the staff after the first win win .	在第一赢后 , 企业和企业之间 , 企业应该成为第一赢后的员工 。
then cics eci connection factory then supplies the connection properties for the cics server .	然后 , cicsci连接工厂 , 为cicserver提供连接性能 。
bladesystem presents a hierarchical and interrelated infrastructure to the management console .	bladeyst系统对管理构建的层次和相关基础设施进行相关基础设施 。
qin territory for the late warring states , qin unified china after a county in the north .	秦帝国晚期战争状态 , 秦统一中国 。
virtualization gives cloud administrators the ability to handle more requests with fewer systems .	虚拟化给云管理者提供了更多的要求 , 可以处理一些系统的能力 。
the answer has got to be this is what the objection says the answer has got to be , obviously not .	答案已经得到了这个问题 , 答案说答案已经得到了 , 显然没有 。
methods the ink print of fingerprint and palmar patterns were obtained with informed consent .	方法利用信息组成的信息 , 获得手指印刷印刷印刷和palmar模式 。
the flooding reignites one of the key debates over the construction of the three gorges dam .	三峡大峡大坝建设的关键辩论之一 。
while ea quarter of adults would prefer to live into their 90s somewhat longer than expected .	虽然茶季的成年将会比预期的时间长达90% 。
for this reason , we continue to remain bearish on indian equities over the intermediateterm trend .	对于这种原因 , 我们继续继续在媒体趋势下保持印度平衡 。
distance two labeling ( or l—labeling ) is motivated by the channel assignment problem .	通过通道信信号检查问题进行分离 。
bamboo fibre after thorough degreasing , take off sugar , to take off the protein processing .	竹纤维增加后 , 采取糖 , 采取蛋白处理 。
sequence analysis showed that it contained the basic characteristic of primary structure of promoter .	序列分析表明 , 包含了促进器基本结构的基本特征 。
the synthesis of carbon nanotubes was conducted in a quartz tube furnace .	碳纳米管合成的碳纳米管合成 。
amethyst assists in learning the frequencies necessary for the transcendence of karma .	学习卡尔玛传播的频率 , 学习卡尔玛的传播频率 。
methods the model of alcoholic hepatic disorder was established by feeding alcohol liquor .	方法采用联合酒精液法建立酒精肝障碍模型 。
it assures us a promising season of summer and also the most iportant havvest seasonautum .	这让我们承诺夏季的季节 , 也是最重要的季节 。
the chlorination equilibrium of cupric oxide has been investigated using the circulation method .	利用循环方法研究了双氧化合物的氯化平衡量 。
honeypot skill is one of the active defense network security techniques .	蜜蜂技能是活跃的防御网络安全技术之一 。
extensible authentication protocol can support a lot of authentication mechanisms .	扩展表示协议可以支持很多参考机制 。
they abused their power and bullied the people , thus arousing intense discontent among the masses .	他们吸引了他们的权力 , 使人民 , 因此在大众之间的暴力 。
however , other file types , from psds to rtfs , are accepted and up and downloadable .	然而 , 其他文件类型 , 从pssssssd接受和下载 。
qian xuesen is one of the greatest scientists who have made great contributions to the science cause .	秦岳是科学家的最伟大贡献之一 。
when ed finds out , sam agrees to help the fbi capture several key members of the cartel .	当被发现出来时 , 萨姆同意帮助fbi捕捉几个关键成员的关键成员 。
he was shocked to find his 20yearold daughter wearing them after she returned home from studying in the us .	他在美国学习后发现他的20岁女儿穿着他们的家庭 。
lin came back to china in 1925 to work as principal of the beiping state vocational art school .	1925年 , 林迅回到中国 , 作为国务学院的主要职业艺艺术学校 。
resultsthe patients were followed up for 312 months . all cases obtained satisfactory results .	结果312个月 , 所有患者均获得满意的结果 。
then leaning over , paderewski reached down with his left hand and began filling in a bass part .	然后 , 帕德斯ki和他的左手 , 开始填充基础部件 。
the former operator appends to the existing file , and the latter overwrites existing content .	前端操作器适用于现有文件 , 后者写入内容 。
it can be obtained that quantity of the martensitic transformation reduces with the increase of these factors .	可获得标记变换量随这些因素的增加而降低 。
then the king called in one hundred and eighty maids of honor and ordered sun wu to train them .	然后 , 王叫一百八个男子 , 订单阳光来培训他们 。
fuk golden words below to apply the same process for " fu as the east china sea water " font .	福克金字下面应用 " 福岛水 " 的进程 , 作为东海水 " fon 。
rosenberg told the brothers only that the target was a man who had been extorting and threatening him .	罗森伯格告诉哥哥哥 , 目标只是一个人 , 并威胁他 。
afternoon: the queen hosts an official wedding lunch for 650 guests at the palace .	下午:查森主办官方婚礼 , 650名客户 。
the real right means one right that the country and others shouldn't and have no capability to invade optionally .	真正的意思是 , 国家和其他人不应该注意力的能力 。
upon installation , brea will be the largest municipal user of solar power in orange county .	安装 , brea将成为广东太阳能源最大的跨国用户 。
as of tuesday , the volcano in iceland was still erupting , though the cloud was lower .	作为周二 , 冰岛的火山仍然停止 , 但云降低 。
helps to even out my skin tone , and hydrates the skin as i have very dry skin .	甚至有我的皮肤 , 水洗皮肤 , 因为我有很干燥的皮肤 。
convective clouds had come to an end only when the road is sadly maek maek red dust storms .	传统的云只能在路边的时候 , 马克红尘 。
sooner or later , the wave will come along and knock down what we have worked so hard to build up .	很快还是后来 , 波将沿着 , 阻止我们的努力建立的努力 。
a noble professional virtue is in accord with the fundamental interests of the party and the people .	根据党的基本利益和人民的基本利益 。
they could also encourage their employees to donate their time to a local entrepreneurs’ club .	他们也可以鼓励他们的雇员捐赠他们的时间来捐赠当地的代理企业 。
it means that the teams we are matching you against have average mmrs well under 1500 .	这意味着我们在1500年的比赛中得到了平均mrs的比赛 。
street photographer four wonderful marketing ideas , marketing way to force invincible !	街道摄影师四个奇妙的市场思想 , 为了创造活力 !
expert comment: this little filly will be the star in the short , symmetrical shape .	专家评论:这个小飞机将在短期 , 同时形状 。
the two women leaned upon the wroughtiron window rail in the shadow of the curtains .	两名妇女在城市的阴影中留下了铁窗 。
indoctrination in education is the one of patterns of the great influence of education in west .	教育是西方教育教育的重要模式之一 。
lewis . a mars rampant with life . a watercovered venus populated with floating , living islands .	树林 。 生命之间 , 水调 , 生命岛 。
and likewise also james and john , the sons of zebedee , who were partners with simon .	同样也犹太和约翰 , 耶稣的儿子 , 与imon合作伙伴 。
kwan insisted on into the pioneer battalion , along with ellen pau kill children .	kwan坚持在手术基础上 , 沿着埃尔巴杀孩子 。
he's getting barraged with new scripts every month from filmmakers across asia .	他每个月从亚洲的影片中获得了巴黎 。
they carried banners advocating religious freedom and sang “we shall overcome . ”	他们承认巴纳的宗教自由和sang " 我们应该收入 。
was he simply obeying a sort of instinctive impulse which was obscure even to himself ?	他简直观察了一个令人惊讶的冲击 , 甚至是对自己来说 ?
the piezoelectricity as the function material is extensive applied in automobile .	作为功能材料广泛应用于自动化学 。
dobby is a free elf , and dobby has come to save harry potter and his friends !	博比是一个自由的自由自由的自由自由的自由人 , 而且他们的朋友们都来拯救哈利诗和他的朋友 !
if encounter without , although fine but can be trapped large prey , tenacity and clinking .	如果没有 , 尽管很好 , 但是可以跟踪大量的前提 , 强度和靠近 。
we strolled through the old town and watched a very old house being demolished .	我们穿过老镇 , 看着一个很古老的房子 。
the first thing you see when you walk in the door . our little friends are from anthropologie .	第一件事情 , 当你走门时 , 我们的小朋友来自阿洛波斯 。
and while some flareups need immediate attention , your involvement isn't always required .	尽管有些奴隶需要直接注意 , 你的参与并不总是需要 。
price risk arises in nontrading portfolios , as well as in trading portfolios .	价格风险在非超级葡萄牙 , 同时在传统的葡萄牙 。
this kind of instrument has many features , such as high s/n , good equability and nondeliquescence .	这种仪器具有很多特点 , 比如高/n、良好的能力和非频率 。
this leads then to the account of the birth of moses , and his exposure to the nile river .	这会导致出生的母亲的帐户 , 以及他对尼尔河的暴露 。
he hasnot claimed libya had weapons of mass destruction to be used against us .	他没有声称利比亚已经武器使用反对我们的武器 。
subsequent investigations by japanese authorities confirmed the teacher had been taguchi .	因此 , 日本当局对教师进行调查 。
you need a better productivity approach so you can collaborate with others on a common project .	你需要更好的产品性途径 , 因此您可以与其他通用项目合作 。
the content is available for reuse in your new and existing solution information center projects .	内容可用于您的新和现有的信息中心项目 。
if you must have whale , cetacean biltong is more palatable than the fresh stuff .	如果你必须比新鲜的东西更加可靠 。
right click control the knuckle angle , left click control the slewing and topping angle .	右键击击击键角 , 左右键击击击击响应和响应角度 。
yanzi went to the palace in a broken carriage pulled by thin and weak horses .	玉齐走到了一辆破坏的车辆 , 薄弱的车辆 。
to promote local food culture , mining native dishes lay a good foundation for the essence .	为促进当地食品文化 , 挖掘地方的民族化基础 。
the statistical breakdown property of a vacuum contact has been studied experimentally .	实验研究了一种真空接触的统计破坏性能 。
database resources can be accessed using both jdbc and recordlevel access .	数据库资源可以使用jdbc和记录级访问 。
the background , objective , challenge , and main efforts toward the research of hpcs are presented here .	介绍了hpc研究的背景、目标、挑战以及主要努力 。
we does the servant girl in the yard listen to your still listen to qiao jean ?	我们在耶和华听你仍然听到qiajojan吗 ?
and also if some of are familiar with buddha's twelve deeds , buddha's life story .	同时 , 佛哈的生命故事也熟悉 , 佛哈的生活故事 。
now here's the good news we've discovered that your other leg doesn't need to be removed after all .	现在 , 这里我们发现了你的其他腿不需要去除 。
objective to investigate the value of ct diagnosing intraluminal masses of small intestine .	目的探讨小肠癌的ct诊断价值 。
the doctrine of umberrimae fidei is a basic principle of marine insurance law .	数字保险法是海洋保险法的基本原则 。
frederick lam , executive director of the hong kong trade development council , hong kong .	香港贸易协会主任香港贸易发展委员会、香港 。
this , it appears , is the legacy i have received and have now bequeathed to my own child .	这是我收到的法律师 , 现在已经被送到我自己的孩子 。
the distant galaxy was detected using a phenomenon called gravitational lensing .	利用一种称为灰色叶片检测的显著高度气体 。
in this review , the study history and the definition of starburst galaxies are introduced first .	本文首先介绍了恒星气体的定义 。
this paper discusses how to do novelty searches on line for a phd dissertation proposal .	本文讨论了如何在phd争议上进行小说搜索 。
they also say they like the design flexibility they get by eliminating the spaceconsuming spare tyre .	他们也说他们喜欢设计灵活性 , 他们通过消除空间消耗空间的空间风格 。
one of globalization's key features is the ability to handle multiple languages .	全球化的关键特征是处理多语言的能力 。
you harshly scold your daughter for knocking the cup over . she breaks down in tears .	你很喜欢把你的女儿打开杯子 , 她在泪中破坏 。
editor's note: the original version of this story misstated dr . markel's name .	编辑器的注意:这个故事错误博士的原版本 。 马克尔的名字 。
wooden materials in various tones and factures are used as the predominant materials in the design .	在设计中的木材材料 , 用于各种原料 , 用于设计的原材料 。
the money collected was used to build a statue of zeus at the entrance to the stadium .	金钱收集的金钱被用来建立一个零零的进口 。
he turns and scolds a group of local fighters lounging at a nearby roadblock .	他在附近的路板上转变了一群当地的战斗者 。
his roommate’s bed was tightly close to the window , while he could only lie in bed all day long .	他的房间的床上紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧靠窗口 , 而他只能躺在床上 。
the paper describes the development and tests of model cjk 200 automatic suction and discharge changer .	本文介绍了cjk200自动支持和分散变化器的发展和测试 。
a lot of people also sit outdoors , enjoying the cool , breezy nighttime air .	很多人坐在室外 , 享受冷却的夜空 。
the curious feature of superstrings , however , is that they can only vibrate in 10 dimensions .	然而 , 超声特征的特点是 , 他们只能在10个尺寸的振动 。
i'm always confused when people rave about how much they " save " at warehouse club stores .	我总是拒绝他们在温室俱乐部的 " 节省 " 。
bill coore graduated from wake forest university in 1968 and began working for pete dye .	1968年 , 希克林大学毕业 , 开始为宠物染色工作 。
john menard and paul menard , father and son of menard's hardware superstores .	约翰·梅德和帕伦·梅德 , 男子的硬件监督官 。
the multistaged castle sieges and character progression are two of my favourite new additions .	我最喜欢的新增加 , 多阶段产量和特征进展是我最喜欢的新增加的两种 。
we started off with a cocktail at the hotel bar , the libertine and it knocked my socks off .	我们在酒店栏上开始了一块鸡尾 , 然后把我的袜子弄掉了 。
western europe's 10% jobless rate is expected to hit 12% by mid1995 .	西方欧洲10%的职业率预计 , 中1995年中期的12% 。
all of the following criteria must be met in order to have what is considered to be a durable model	所有的批评都必须遇到的 , 要考虑是一个可持久的模型 。
and god will only prosper our study if we continually exercise ourselves to live by what we learn .	上帝只能在我们学习的时候运动自己的生活 。
since 1984 , hiv infection in hong kong report has been accumulated to 4047 people .	自1984年 , 香港报告的hiv感染已经受到4047人 。
and that research found individual brain cells that would respond to one accent — but not another .	这项研究发现 , 个体大脑细胞会反应到一个中心 , 但不再另一个 。
proverbs 19: 29 penalties are prepared for mockers , and beatings for the backs of fools .	广告19:29个宠物制备了移动器 , 并为折叠的背景 。
subsequently , directsequence and hybrid dsth were proposed to facilitate irma .	随后 , 提出了直接性和混凝土dth的直接性 。
the nobel committee described the three physicists as " masters of light " .	诺贝尔委员会描述了三种物理学家的 " 光学师 " 。
of course aside from those characters , alphanumerics are allowed and don't need to be encoded .	当然 , 在那些特征中 , 物理学家都允许并不需要编码 。
and if you start feeling frisky , and you have eight of ten seconds before work , you know where to find me .	如果你开始感觉friky , 那么你在工作前有八秒 , 你知道哪里找我 。
but we all know , in fact , every time timer is less than 50ms in the mind is under the precision is very poor .	但是我们都知道 , 事实上 , 每次的时间都少于50毫米 。
the serum of immunized rabbits could suppress the hemolytic activity of tdh .	免疫性兔的血清可以抑制tdh的血液活性 。
we have a very tightknit , super group of lads and i'm sure he'll enjoy his time here .	我们有一个非常紧张 , 超级团队 , 我肯定他在这里享受他的时间 。
sensors are also used on the starting platforms to monitor false starts and correct relay changeovers .	传感器还使用在启动平台上监测自由开始和正确的变化 。
heat a pan and a little olive oil , add the langoustine rolls and gently brown .	热带一条小橄榄油 , 添加了龙滚和绿褐色 。
atb is widely used abroad , but seldom used at home . the study on atb has just started in our country .	在我国研究的研究中 , 广泛应用广泛 , 但在国内的研究只开始 。
so they jazzed up the story with all of that " huff and puff and blow your house down " .	所以他们犹豫了所有的故事 , 把你的房子放下来 。
ibm has more than 50 different programmes promoting worklife balance and bank of america over 30 .	ibm拥有50个不同的计划 , 促进了美国的平衡和银行 。
but there may be problems along the way , as the us and the traditional european powerbrokers have to give way .	但是 , 美国和传统的欧洲电源商必须给出路径 。
brio reserves the right to modify this terms and conditions without any prior notice .	英国保留权修改这个项目和条件 , 没有任何私人注意 。
he heard the creak of greyback's boots as he crouched down in front of hermione .	他听到greyback的靴子 , 他在她的前面走下了下来 。
musing , pondering , a breath , a briny tear , a dab of liquid or soil .	明星 , 池塘 , 一个新鲜的泪 , 一个液体或土壤 。
the contributing plugin fulfills this contract by defining specific values through xml .	通过xml定义特定值定义的特定值 。
the government understood this as well as the parties ; the most insignificant bourgeois felt it .	政府的理解 , 同时 , 党最重要的生态学感觉它 。
among them , isochromosome imay be a characteristic of adenocarcinomas of the lung .	其中 , 染色体是肺癌的特点 。
you may opt for stones all of the same color , or add one or two offcolor stones for some punch .	你可以打开石头 , 或添加一个或两层石 。
sure , i'd campaigned all over the country , for my husband and for other candidates .	当然 , 我对我丈夫和其他候选人都采取了所有的国家 , 因为我的丈夫和其他候选 。
the protocols and standards for anycast are under the discussion , but have not reached a consensus .	讨论的协议和标准都在讨论下进行讨论 , 但并没有达到考虑 。
i would be interested to hear more — what values should we prioritize in assessing censorship ?	我想听到更多的价值 , 我们应该在评估中引发什么价值呢 ?
and this party has a better than even chance of retaking at least one house of congress this november .	此外 , 这个党的机会比今年1月的一家国会更好 。
for lan/wan connections , lower settings of audio frames per packet are recommended .	针对拉/镇连接 , 建议每包的音频框架低设置 。
the test results indicated that there were markedly effects of space flight , cultivar and storage time .	试验结果表明 , 空间飞行、文化时间和存储时间的影响显著 。
these files , as we might call them , are both sweepingly inclusive and penetratingly minute .	这些文件 , 因为我们可以称为它们 , 它们都是密切的 , 还有一分钟 。
what sets the onion apart , however , is that mr obama has not blunted its barbs at all .	然而 , 奥巴马先生在所有的巴巴巴马都没有把它的芭蕾吹去 。
all this is what it takes to do transactional business messaging , and this is what amqp delivers .	所有的是 , 它需要做交易业务消息 , 这是amqpde 。
the blood and sweat of the intersection , mud and fire passion , in a dripping color on .	干扰、泥和火灾的血液和汗水 , 在抽屉颜色上 。
in 2010 , of spandex industry boom will continue to rise , union holdings will benefit .	2010年 , 扩大工业机构将继续增长 , 联合国持有利于 。
the optimized rtl is then fed to the code generator , which produces target code .	最优化的rtl被捕捉到代码生成器 , 它产生目标代码 。
troy dumais , an american olympian , finished third at 484 . 25 points .	杜玛 , 美国奥运会 , 完成了484.25分 。
but in the case of weaver ants in africa , this description may be more than just a metaphor .	但是在非洲 , 这种描述可能只是一个隐喻者 。
you can head for the outer remote islands in bahamas if you are looking for seclusion and romance .	你可以在巴哈马寻找结束和浪漫 。
the risk detection rate in the middleaged group and the old group was higher than the young group .	中年组中年人群的风险检测率比年轻人群更高 。
the story in the advertisement in china is neither mild nor smooth , but has some false .	中国广告的故事从来没有错误的东西 , 但有一些假设 。
whose is that ? ah , zuhair murad . it was the very first choice . i saw it on the rack .	谁是谁 ? 赵先生 , 是第一选择 , 我看到它 。
all he can say is , this is his shirt . he holds out an arm so she can see the gaping sleeve .	所有他都可以说 , 这是他的衬衫 , 他拿出胳膊 , 所以她可以看到顶牙 。
" ) i never felt winded , but still got that great " workout sore feeling " the next day .	" 我不觉得 , 但仍然有那么伟大的 " 感觉 " 下一天 。
then he lay awake at night thinking of all the charming gallantries he might have employed ;	然后 , 他在夜上醒来 , 思考他可能会雇佣 ;
with a little tweaking , and some helpful tips , swype can be better than what you're using .	随着一个小弱点 , 一些有助的组织 , 瑞典可以更好地使用 。
my journey from las vegas to iowa , at the time when i was young , childish and naive...	当我年轻的孩子和自然...
i wish they called me that because it shows he has had success with the players he's brought in .	我希望他们呼吁我 , 因为它显示他和球员一起成功 。
one day , the heavens would part and a perfect , precious cherub would descend on a sunbeam .	有一天 , 天堂会和一个完美 , 珍贵的樱桃会在阳光 。
it's called a blueprint , a blueprint for reform of our financial regulation .	这是我们金融规则改革的蓝印 , 是我们的金融规则的改革 。
i have a truant here . " said constable johnny . " drive him straight to school . "	约翰尼说: " 我有一个信任 。 " 驾驶他直到学校 。 "
the battle lines of the new world order were exposed at the world trade organization this week .	这个星期 , 新世界贸易组织的战争线 。
the nabe forecast appears to be in line with other u . s . economic signals .	美国经济信号的航空预测显示 , 美国航空预测局出现 。
this article presents a model that can calculate milling forces in complex surface machining .	本文介绍了一种可计算复杂表面加工的模型 。
the part of 3th discusses the role of the theory of comparative advantage for chinese foreign trade .	第三部分对我国外贸易的比较优势进行了探讨 。
all men's miseries derive from not being able to sit quietly in a room alone .	所有男子的错误都不能坐在房间 。
fishing is my favourite sport . i often fish for hours without catching anything .	鱼是我最喜欢的体育 , 我通常不要捕鱼 。
while kian had the luxury of retreating westwards , he remained committed to his iran .	尽管韩国还有西方的奢侈品 , 但他仍然承诺到伊朗 。
warlords built private gardens in chinese and west styles with literatus' help .	战争者在中国和西方风格的建立私人园 。
but the 32inch model we'd like to buy was temporarily out of stock . we had to wait .	但是 , 32英寸的模型 , 我们想购买的时候 , 我们必须等待 。
located in the west of the planned area , adjacent to the tourism zone and the downtown area .	位于西部地区西部地区的西部地区 , 调整旅游区和下雪区 。
write a docstring that explains everything someone would need to know in order to use this function .	写一个字符 , 解释每个人都需要知道使用这个函数 。
and then people choose subconsciously , not consciously to ignore the research and go with her heart .	然后 , 人们选择了意识地 , 不意识地忽略研究 , 与她的心 。
when rafik gindy graduated from high school , he knew he wanted to become an engineer .	当高中毕业时 , 他知道他想成为工程师 。
today i'll drill a little hole in the tooth for pusdrainage to stop the pain .	今天我会钻一小洞 , 停止痛苦 。
that's setting emotion , efficient process , and the adams have to be selfdiscinplined .	这是设置情绪、效率的过程 , 必须自我解决 。
when winter came , the grasshopper had nothing , but the ant complained of chest pains .	当冬天来到冬天 , 灰色花没有什么东西 , 但蚂蚁抱怨胸痛 。
if this emotional style applies to you , realize that lowering your standards will be a relief .	如果这种情感方式适用于您 , 确认您的标准将是一个可靠的 。
our schoolwide academic contest will be held this saturday , 12/11/04 .	我们的学术论坛将于本周六举行 , 12/1/04 。
we want peace , freedom and a stable environment for development , ” the ralliers chanted .	我们希望和平、自由稳定的环境 , " 雷雷尔人打印了 。
mather gave his flock no fewer than four such dates , beginning with the year 1697 .	母亲给自己的花费比如此的日期 , 开始了1697年 。
government could contribute to the growth of economy , and it could holdback it meanwhile .	政府可以对经济增长的贡献 , 并且可以保持它的意义 。
they think that there's some freudian answer to solvingthese problems , " said the asa's kline .	他们认为 , 有一些自由的答案来解决问题 , " 亚洲k线说 。
''our research shows one potential reason why swearing developed and why it persists .	" 研究显示 , 为什么开发的潜在原因 , 为什么它坚持 。
energyintensive industrial cluster ; circular economy ; coordinated development ;	能源工业集群 ; 环境经济 ; 协调发展 ;
cao xiu donned his armor and rode into the city with 1 , 000 men to stop the enemy .	曹小捐了自己的道德和罗斯进入城市1 , 000人停止敌人 。
this is the first time that stamps portraying chinese zodiac animals have been issued globally .	这是第一次在全球上发布的中国动物 。
the children use water wings to keep themselves up in the water while they are learning to swim .	孩子使用水翅膀保持自己的水中 , 学习游泳 。
to pave and break concrete foundation installing engineering to break other hard things .	为了保证和破坏混凝土基础安装工程 , 破坏其他硬件 。
allow the baby to touch the book , chew on it , and otherwise physically touch it .	允许孩子触摸书 , 看看它 , 其他的物理上触摸它 。
save time dramatically reduce the time you spend making print and contact sheet projects .	节省时间的减少时间 , 你花费印刷和接触网项目的时间 。
the little girl was fascinated by all the fish swimming in the aquarium tanks .	这些小女孩被所有的鱼游泳都面临了 。
the third board to sights on the next spin , the spin attack and put shortbased .	第三个板在下一次蜘蛛上灯 , 蜘蛛攻击 , 放短 。
objective:in order to demonstrate the etiological diagnosis of acute retinal necrosis .	目的:探讨急性肾炎的病理诊断 。
despondently , the husband replied: 'i missed a new job opportunity .	丈夫解释道: " 我失去了一个新的工作机会 。
he uttered the word indifferently , and as though his mind were on something else .	他在某种事情中 , 就像他的思想一样 , 就像他的思想一样 。
tutti executed a fabulous fake faint , swooning cartoonishly right to the floor .	切蒂执行了一个著名的脂肪 , 关闭卡隆正确的地板 。
" an internal sense of righteousness dwindles into an external concern for reputation "	" 正确的dwindle " 成为一个外部关注 " 的内部关心 " 。
the people of the philipines have a great leader and must be proud of him . mr pres . duterte !	菲律宾的人有一个伟大的领导人 , 必须骄傲他 。 杜特先生 !
worldwide , $162 billion was spent in new cleantech investments in 2009 alone .	2009年 , 全球162亿美元的新城市投资 。
anything “street” – funky clothes that are casual and sporty – works well .	任何东西 " 街道 " 的衣服都是平静和体育 。
it improves your dps , but the down side it , your images can't trigger any bashes .	提高您的dp , 但下面的图像不会触发任何现金 。
the timeless colouring of the tanzanite crystal makes this piece ideal for everyday wear .	台湾晶体的无时间颜色 , 每天都穿着这张光泽的理想 。
here , this is a more modern example with a little hash cafe next to it or something .	在这里 , 这是一个更多现代的例子 , 还有一些东西 。
jesus was born that night , and he had to sleep in a manger6 because there was no bed for him .	耶稣生了晚上 , 他睡在男人6岁 , 因为他没有床床 。
leather spirit with a mountain to explain , at the same time the old leather also orders .	同时 , 老海的海洋精神也秩序 。
if you can force your heart and nerve and sinew to serve your turn long after they are gone .	如果你能力你的心 , 神经和神经 , 那么她们的长途 。
from the app developers: the astro file manager helps you get the most out of your android smart phone .	从应用程序开发人员来看 , 该文件经理帮助您获得最多的智能手机 。
the location is directly opposite shinagawa jr station , and so was easy to find .	地方直接相反的shinagawa站 , 所以很容易找到 。
m . castells , the urban question: a marxist approach , london , 1977 ;	197年 , 城市问题:马克思学家伦敦 , 197年 ;
after that i kept thinking about why would someone be so unmannered instead of thinking about my games .	在那时 , 我想为什么会有人想到我的游戏的想法 。
we turned out all the cupboards and drawers and found things we hadn't seen for years .	我们走出所有的杯子和画家 , 找不到几年 。
all the things i cherished , how can they influence the people who are lying on the streets ?	所有的事情 , 如何影响街道上的人们呢 ?
the nbs also announced the consumer price index for may was down 1 . 4 percent year on year .	nbs还宣布消费者价格指数下跌1.4% 。
the movement of the waves , of winds , of the earth is ever in the same lasting harmony .	地球运动的动 , 风的风 , 同样的恒恒星 。
as a working group , during the crisis , so as not to resign , notforwork , not to change jobs .	作为一个工作组 , 在危机中 , 因此不要重新回来 , 不要改变工作 。
this paper summarizes the application of proteinase inhibitor in agriculture and clinic treatment .	综述了蛋白酶抑制剂在农业和临床治疗中的应用 。
they rehearse through diligent practice and preparation ; they remain disciplined and professional .	他们通过语言实践和准备 , 他们仍然依靠语言和专业人士 。
since then , however , superstrings have proved a lot more complex than anyone expected .	然而 , 超级字符已经证明了一个比任何人预期更复杂的复杂 。
push off on your back and come up right away ! you should be spinning your arms before you get to the flags .	把背上 , 走出来吧 ! 你应该在你走到火焰之前 。
in addition , notetaking is more helpful in answering the general questions than the detailed ones .	另外 , 不会有助于安排详细的问题 。
" it was a great save , " he added , of de gea's vital stop from robin van persie .	他补充道: " 这是一个很好的节省 , " 德国的副本停止 。
the interbank bond market stock and trading volume accounted for about 90% of the total market .	互联银行债券市场股票和贸易额占总市场的90% 。
bin laden’s vow in the 1990’s to bankrupt the us has been partly achieved .	在1990年代 , 布林·拉登的投票已经成功了 。
those giving other people of their patience and tolerance can win love and care as well as friendship of others .	那些给予其他人喜爱的爱和关心的朋友 。
they think in the next 25to 30years , robots and humans will be able to talk .	他们认为下一次25年30岁的机器人和人类能够谈论 。
financial scams are also a threat , with senior citizens often being targeted .	金融扫描也是一个威胁 , 高级公民通常被目标 。
later in the week , the kenyans waltzed off with gold medal in the steeplechase .	后来 , 肯尼亚人在步骤中走出金牌 。
jesus raised his friend lazarus from the dead . lazarus had been dead for four days .	耶稣从死亡中提升了他的朋友拉斯 。 拉扎斯已经死了四天 。
there are many rays of innovation between lines in the reprot of the sixteenth congress .	六十年国会之间有许多创新率 。
q: did the myanmar government give china any indication that it was about to move on the kokang area ?	问:缅甸政府给中国任何指标 , 是否会移动朝鲜区吗 ?
third , learn english , study abroad , studies abroad , marry a foreigner .	第三 , 学英语学习英语 , 学习外语 , 结婚外国 。
the bright meteor was spotted across the uk , leaving a vivid green trail .	在英国 , 新鲜的成员在英国 , 留下一个vivivivid绿色的旅行 。
nuon chea , in his early 80s , is the group's senior surviving member .	在他的早期80年代 , 是团队的高级旅游会员 。
we might tell him that what he really needs to do is just look deep within and be true to himself .	我们可能告诉他 , 他真正需要做的事情 , 真的真正是真正的 。
michael leechin crystal , royal ontario museum ; toronto , canada	迈克尔·李金晶体 , 罗里塔博物馆 ; 罗伦多 , 加拿大加拿大 。
however , in 1555 , her spiritual pilgrimage took a more serious turn .	然而 , 在15555年 , 她的精神犯罪越来越严重 。
now we discussed her fear of death and doubts about – yet yearning for – an afterlife .	现在我们讨论她的死亡和疑惑-----------------一年 。
thirty minutes later , she presented simran with a cd of her first recorded song .	第三分钟后 , 她与她第一次记录的歌曲 。
so it was no wonder that strippy was so highstrung , lacking freedom and exercise .	因此 , 没有想到 , 严重的幸福 , 缺乏自由和运动 。
scenario 2: modeling cyclic behavior focuses on the modeling of iterative behaviors .	屏幕2:建模循环行为重点关注迭代行为的模型 。
george romney , english portrait painter , died at kendal in cumbria .	乔治·罗米尼 , 英语的葡萄牙画家 , 在布莱亚死亡 。
i mean , we're losing our people skills because of the wonderful technology is there .	我意味着 , 我们失去了我们的人们技能 , 因为这里有美妙的技术 。
as we continue to improve , though , our techniques should become more and more transparent .	虽然我们继续改善 , 但我们的技术应该成为更多的交流 。
well , i got into bed again , and five minutes later there came a bang at the door .	好吧 , 我再次进入床上 , 五分钟后来了门 。
the sense of ownership of a poem: ask vast earth , who advocate ups and downs ?	一个诗歌的主权感觉:问大地球 , 谁推荐上下来呢 ?
bradley was able to witness his parents' marriage at christmastime that year .	bradley在圣诞节的结婚能力 。
and the only difference between this and what's written conventionally is the way the constant is labeled .	在这里 , 写的唯一差异是传统的方式 。
he had learned from earlier writers , like ring lardner and sherwood anderson .	他从早期的作家学习 , 像环板和威尔森 。
small instruments are inserted through the incisions to remove the tissue and adhesions .	小型仪器通过决策来删除组织和协议 。
physical tests , health tests , all those kind of things , like screenings , you know .	物理测试 , 健康测试 , 所有的事情 , 比如筛选 , 你知道 。
q mr . president , tied in with the jobs situation i think is the education system .	qr先生 , 在工作状况下 , 我认为是教育体系 。
our club invites a great deal of famous martial names as coaches and consultants .	我们的俱乐部邀请了一个著名的婚姻名称和咨询者 。
pants with " juicy " written across the heinie . i'm gonna wear that ?	" 朱莉 " 写道 , 我穿过金妮 。 我穿那么戴吗 ?
the chapter ended all too quickly ; war , fear and politics divided us again .	第二章完成了很快的 ; 战争 , 恐惧和政治部门 。
it could have been corrupted because a virus was inside of it so it was making foreign proteins .	因此 , 这种病毒在外科蛋白中被腐败 , 因此它会使外科蛋白 。
the ointment of montmorillonite oxide fit the nation standard and is safety to human .	蒙蒙古石油的氧化合物 , 是安全人类 。
so i'm on the road a bit , and i hold meetings , sometimes at the client's place .	所以我正在路上 , 我举办会议 , 有时候在客户的地方 。
the author adds some new code to the basic kiva3v program and makes compilation of it .	作者对基础kiva3v程序添加一些新的代码 , 并使其编译 。
if i owned only walking shoes , i wouldn’t be able to wear skirts or dresses .	如果我只走鞋子 , 我不能穿着裙子或裙子 。
he obtained , however , the recognition and approbation of the congregation of albi .	然而 , 他获得了albi协议的认识和批准 。
discuss the effectiveness of sexual abstinence programs in the fight against stds .	讨论了反对std的性吸收程序的有效性 。
have you ever found that the corners of the square things always damage easily ?	你曾发现 , 平方的角落总是损害简单 ?
i thought of the early polar explorers as i braced myself for the walk .	我想起早期诗歌探索者 , 作为我为了走的步伐 。
nu wa felt sorrowful at all these happenings and decided to repair the sky .	nuwa感到很抱歉 , 决定修理天空 。
concurrent chemoradio therapy might be the mainstream approach of cervical cancer .	切除术治疗可能是颈癌的主要途径 。
family counselors remind parents not to take what a child says as the gospel truth .	家庭咨询者提醒父母不要采取孩子的说法 , 正如gospel真理 。
net . py displays the energy level of any given pattern or node array .	n.py显示了任何给定模式或节点的能量水平 。
usually , switching to the midgrade or premiumgrade gasoline will remove the knock .	通常 , 交换到中级或预级的气体 , 将删除卡 。
but in future chips , cores’ bandwidth requirements could fluctuate wildly .	但是在未来的芯片中 , 腐败的带宽要求可以影响到冷冻的 。
in this project , we plan to design an audiovisual aid system based on the virtual acoustics .	在此项目中 , 我们计划设计一个基于虚拟声音学的音频id系统 。
rice , cotton and vegetable seeds are sometimes grown in special seedbeds .	稻、棉、植物种和蔬菜种子在特殊种子中生长 。
enjoying life takes time to appreciate the natural and cultural richness around us .	享受生活的时间来欣赏我们的自然和文化丰富 。
wakeboarding festivals and competitions have been held in singapore and hong kong .	在新加坡和香港的新加坡和香港举行 。
the mother of one of the girls , ronnda zezula , welcomed the apology .	一个女孩的母亲 , 罗伦亚 , 我们欢迎了博客 。
the polish writer sought out gran , then in her late 80s , in paris in 2003 .	2003年 , 诗人写家格兰 , 然后在她晚上80岁 , 在巴黎 。
seventeen bike , with the wind , you wore she walked through the life of flowering splendid .	七岁的汽车 , 随着风 , 你想她穿过流浪的生命 。
where mr kirchner seemed to relish confrontation , she ran as a consensusbuilder .	在那里 , 凯尔先生看起来像新鲜的印象 , 她在建筑师 。
dioxins are highly poisonous to the cells of our bodies . don't freeze your .	二氧素对我们体内细胞的细胞很高 , 不要免费 。
but i need to deal with such issues in person . my source will not be based on this grapevine manner .	但是我需要与这样的问题 , 我的源头并不会根据这种类型的人类 。
" well , " said the child , " she went into the church with one man and came out with another ! "	" 好吧 , " 孩子 , " 她走进教堂 , 走出另一个人 ! "
i can't do anything in america . i just don't want to have any stories written about me .	我不能在美国做任何事情 , 我不想写我 。
here , in three installments , are overthetransom reports from people who have written in from china .	在这里 , 在三个安装报告中 , 是从中国人写的报道 。
in the case presented in this article , the documentliteral with unwrapped style is a fit .	在本文中 , 文中提出的文档类型是一个适合的 。
the swans rose again , hovered in a circle , awaiting the results of their labors .	另外 , 瑞典在一个圈子 , 等他们的劳动结果 。
i wrote this one in the middle of recording and it really all happened by accident !	我写到这里一个记录中心的记录 , 真正发生了事故 !
kneed me in the chest and pounded my lower belly with their fists until i passed out .	直到我走出来 , 直到我过去 。
the same is true of major quest mobs – they all appear in instanced areas of the world .	同样的是世界上最重要的mobs---它们都出现的例子区域 。
mottaki said washington needs to " change its behavior " if it wants new relations with iran .	莫特拉克说 , 华盛顿需要改变其行为 " 如果想与伊朗的关系 。
you could simply set width to 200 and height to 45 , and then accept the consequences .	您可以简单地设置wdth200和高达45 , 然后接受结果 。
this is a table that can be used for working , entertaining and , well , just generally swooning over .	这是一种可用于工作、娱乐和娱乐的桌子 , 通常会关闭 。
so when i move the circle it will act as a real axe . this image makes it more clear .	当我移动循环时 , 它会作为真正的ax 。 这张图像使它更清晰 。
anticatholicism is very much strongly entrenched in the british sense of who they were .	反恐主义非常强烈地在英国感觉的英国感觉 。
astronomers have unveiled the most complete 3d map of the local universe ever created .	宇航员已经完成了当地宇宙的最完整的3d映射 。
for any enquiries , please contact us at 2406 8050 or visit our website .	对于任何设备 , 请联系240650或访问我们网站 。
it may not be as glitzy as the past one but could be better for average working men and woman .	这可能不像过去的一样 , 但是可以更好地为平均工作人员和女人更好 。
outbreaks in numerous other african countries are currently under investigation .	在调查中 , 数量的非洲国家正在进行调查 。
by 1920 , the rules mandating three hits per side and backrow attacks were instituted .	根据1920年 , 规则每侧和后攻击的规则 , 被调制 。
you can only be blest and have peace and sweet rest , as you yield him your body and soul .	你只能有和平和的休闲 , 就像你的身体和灵魂 。
in this paper , a decomposability theorem is presented and proved by differentiable manifolds theories .	本文提出了一种可分类理论的可溶性理论 , 提出了一种可溶性理论 。
they toured the forbidden city , where the chinese emperors had once lived in lofty splendor .	他们旅游了阿布林城市 , 在那里 , 中国皇帝曾住在洛杉矶 。
many people on kauai believe that this is lemuria – a lost island in the atlantic .	很多人认为这是莱姆亚的岛屿 。
results: no toxicities , teratogenicity and mutagenicity were founded during the tests in above .	结果:在上述试验中建立无毒性、抗原性和突变性 。
instead of taking days to complete , the simulated process can run in mere seconds .	相反的日子完成 , 模拟过程可以运行第二 。
performance isn't linked to pay pay is really determined by market forces and budget .	性能并不连接付款 , 由市场力量和预算决定 。
" i want to keep going . at least for another decade or two , " he said with a smile .	他说: " 我想保持下去 。 至少有另一个十年 , 至少有两岁 。 "
squatting by one of the walls , i took a little book from my knapsack .	墙上的一本小书 , 我从我的厨房里拍了一本小书 。
abbr . wa , wash . a state of the northwest united states on the pacific ocean .	华盛 。 华盛 。 美国西北地区的美国 。
rappaccini looked surprised . " what do you mean , my daughter ? " he asked .	拉克尼看起来惊讶 , " 我的女儿吗 ? " 他问道 。
however , these i don't care , only to find the drinks here no sands tastiness just .	然而 , 我不关心 , 只要找到饮料 。
bonera has a problem to the adductor and we hope to recover him and seedorf for next week .	骨骼有一个问题 , 我们希望恢复下周 。
if you smell me , smell the smell of thick come really makes people want to eat one .	如果你闻我 , 叫t恤的名字 , 真的让人们想吃一下 。
when you are finished testing your new action , close the editor for helloapp . pli .	当你完成测试新行动时 , 靠近helloapp的编辑器 。
art requires you to spend some time with it , to contemplate and think , leave and return .	艺术要求你花一些时间 , 与它相结合 , 思考 , 叶子和返回 。
the nonlinear kinetic characters of landslip action are complex , exoteric and dissipated .	土壤活动的非线性特征是复杂、外部和消失 。
book value per share was $5 . 33 , up from $5 . 28 in the prior quarter .	每股价为5.33美元 , 价格5.28美元 。
what are the real barriers to effective implementation and how have some organizations been able to overcome these ?	真正的障碍者有什么有效的实施 , 如何对这些组织的能力呢 ?
effects of broccoli with 1 mcp treatment and ma package during storage were studied .	研究了1cp治疗和肿瘤的影响 。
jim can't move the mouth of his mask . he doesn't have enough muscle in his lips .	吉姆不能移动他的母亲 , 他没有足够的肌肉 。
in the front of the shaoxing work received the letter , sister szabics with myriad heart .	在阴影工作前面 , 姐妹和我的心 。
now , it turns out that that assumption , standardly built into the usual label , may be false .	现在 , 它转变了假设 , 标准构建通常的劳动 , 可能是自由的 。
based on this , g5 dynamic system measuring online of membrane thickness has been designed successfully .	在此基础上 , g5动态系统测量了膜厚度的线性 。
the project also sought to store the information so that it would be available for research and medical purposes .	项目还可以停止信息 , 所以该项目就可以为研究和医学推荐提供可用的 。
this paper putted forward countermeasure and suggestion through comparing domestic and foreign real estate finance .	本文通过比较国内外房地产财政的比较 , 提出了对策和建议 。
in this paper , the work is concerned with a class of fuzzy retarded integrodifferential equations .	介绍了模糊识别方程的工作与模糊识别方程相关 。
floodwaters are still rising after this week's heavy downpours across parts of ohio .	在这个星期内 , 洪水仍然在上升 。
this is that little extracritical voice in our heads , externalized and projected onto others ;	这是我们的头部 , 外部化和投影到其他人 ;
somatic nuclear transfer in mammalian has achieved many offspring during the development in the past a few years .	在过去几年的发展中 , 马米亚核转移已经达到了很多关键 。
in a sense the price of oil is playing the role that interest rates often play when an economy overheats .	在一个感觉的油价正在扮演经济的角色 。
tonnage of whiteflecked stone quarried in spain and finished in italy: 430 tons .	在意大利:430吨的意大利:430吨 。
all the above motivate people , but few bosses have the ability to truly inspire their employees .	上述人民 , 但是一些老板都有真正的吸引他们的员工 。
fuzhou boland garments co . , ltd . is your most trusted supplier of apparel inventory .	福州波兰花园有限公司是您最信任的供应商 。
and though we have no control over genetics , there are other contributing factors that cause cellulite you can control .	虽然我们没有控制基因 , 但有其他的贡献因素 , 但是你可以控制 。
so how do you create a personal brand ? cloth boy network point of view of the following points .	所以你如何创建一个个人品牌 ? 衣服网络的视角 。
chapter 53 is regional anesthesia superior to general anesthesia for hip surgery ?	第53章是区域美学家 , 为hip手术提供综合征 ?
features 6 opening windows , a telescope and sextant as well as 3 deck lanterns !	特点6开窗 , 一个电子窗口 , 还有3个钟灯 !
when i visited beijing , a student of mr . xia presented me with a photo of his teacher .	当我访问北京时 , 一名学生和我照片的照片 。
boseeinstein condensate is that a large number of identical particles occupy the same quantum state .	希腊蛋白含量是 , 大量的粒子发生相同的状态 。
the company says having two kinds of high definition dvds on the market has led to confusion with the buying public .	本公司称 , 在市场上拥有两种高度定义dvd , 带来购买公众的冲突 。
you said that they called out to our imaginations in a way that big budget films can no longer achieve .	你说 , 他们叫做我们的想象 , 大量的影片无法实现 。
bruce lindsey , clinton's close friend and special assistant for personnel , supported her .	克林顿的朋友和特别援助人员 , 支持她 。
humans cannot hunt our kingdom as another fully conscious species without hunting yourselves ;	人类不能把我们的王国当作另一个完全意识的物种 , 没有伤害自己 ;
the act of blipping refers to the act of linking to a song and attaching a 150 character comment to it .	pping的行为是指链接歌曲的行为 , 附加一个150个字符的评论 。
do not use in condition of pregnancy , epilepsy , cardiac , hypertension , braindamage .	不要使用妊娠、睡眠、心脏、高血压、大脑 。
the dynamical model of the system was developed , and the numerical results of the dynamical equations were obtained .	建立了系统动态方程的动态模型 , 得到了动态方程的数值结果 。
these will help you to progress improve technic , tone and of course embouchure , if done dilligently .	这些会帮助您进步提高技术 , 当然的员工 , 当然 , 如果不会死亡 。
the formulation and evaluation of a 10w/30 qe/cc grade engine oil are presented in this article .	介绍了一种10w/30/ccccg发动机油的形成和评价 。
all of these artifacts require maintenance , have to be worked around , and scrapped if business needs change .	所有这些艺术品都需要维护 , 必须在内部工作 , 并且如果业务需要改变 。
no questions . caldwellhad made a living riding the consoles of the union's capsule hotels .	无论如何 , 卡尔韦德在联合国的商场旅馆中生命了一系列的问题 。
a new thyristor mediumfrequency power supply startup circuit is introduced in this article .	本文介绍了一种新的合成电源供电电电路 。
dr . albert schweitzer's vocation led him to set up a medical clinic in africa .	阿尔伯特博士的声音使他在非洲设立医疗临床 。
the cells were passaged by mechanical methods , frozen and thawed by general procedure .	通过机械方法 , 通过一般的过程 , 通过机械方法和tzen来传递细胞 。
chapter four analyzes the influence of patronage on translation in the late qing dynasty .	第四章分析了清代晚期翻译的影响 。
the evaporation step is followed by calcination to produce the desired nanosized structure .	通过计算产生的纳米结构 , 产生了降低噪声结构的变化步骤 。
common relaxation techniques include meditation , mindfulness , tai chi and yoga .	常见的松弛技术包括冥想、思想、太阳和瑜伽 。
that is a leapingoff point . you can also register a . mobi domain that is dedicated to mobile content .	这是一个可靠的点 , 您也可以重新注册一个.移动域 , 以移动内容 。
the obtained cryptosystem modifies the class of mc public key cryptosystems .	获得c公钥钥钥钥匙密码系统的晶体系统 。
my home country is croatia . i was born in and raised in what used to be the former yugoslavia ,	我家庭的家庭是克罗里亚 。 我生在那里 , 用来提高 , 是以前的伊斯拉维亚 。
the present invention relates to one kind of decalcomania paper for porcelain surface decoration and its usage .	本发明涉及pcelain表面装饰和其使用的一种装饰纸 。
in the second part , the litigation value and theory basis of discretional nonprosecution was discussed .	在第二部分中 , 讨论了讨论讨论讨论讨论了讨论非复制理论的基础 。
an iodinebased contrast is injected into the bloodstream and watched as it travels around .	一个基于碘的合同被注入血流 , 看它的旅游 。
if you want to get rid of your old computer , options include recycling , reselling , and donating .	如果你想获得老计算机 , 选项包括回收 , 重新回收、捐赠 。
in this paper , the solutions of distributed index construction and distributed retrieval are also discoursed .	本文讨论了分布指标建设和分布检索的解决方案 。
because we had this kind of antiseptic separation between suffering and nonsuffering until we are the one suffering .	由于我们有这种抗噪声分离 , 直到我们是一个差异 。
the environmental resources have rareness , should consider the environmental cost in economic development .	环境资源迅速 , 应考虑经济发展的环境成本 。
all major policy changes in china have been the result of a process of trial and error on a limited scale .	中国各大政策改变是一项有限的规模和误差的过程 。
he sent his sinless son to bear the full brunt of the penalty we deserved to suffer .	他把他的无罪的儿子送给了 , 让我们失去的惩罚 。
our teachers encouraged us to find as many ways as possible to work out this mathematics problem . 34 .	我们的教师鼓励我们寻找很多途径 , 为数学问题 , 34 。
so , when supply chains shriveled , entrepreneurial ohmori became a manufacturer .	所以 , 当供应链冲击时 , 通用的ohmori成为制造商 。
thangkas are usually rectangular in shape , and the square ones are reserved for mandalas .	感谢者通常在形状转变 , 平方的储存在曼联 。
be that as it may, the nerve poison does its business with man far more quickly than the blood poison .	正如它可能 , 神经毒品的商业比血液毒品更快 。
the main sound box uses the edges and corners distinct rectangle design , the line succinct sprightly .	主要的声音箱使用边缘和角度变换设计 , 线性成功 。
webapp . net use xml to allow multipart asynchronous rendering and contnt update .	webapp 。 网络使用xml允许多方协同转换和相关的更新 。
from time to time , " peeping " gloomy alley came from the missing job workers of drinking voice .	从时间来看 , " 佩林 " 全球合作来源于干旱声音的错误工作人员 。
patricia neal raised money for children and adults who had suffered brain injuries .	巴特亚尼亚的儿童和儿童伤害的儿童伤害 。
kiting – an inexperienced player will attempt to follow a mechapede with their vehicles .	厨房-一个经验的球员会尝试跟随他们的车辆相互适应 。
timmy: but i'm 1 ) allergic to cats . keeping a cat wouldn't be fun for me .	汤姆:我是1 ) 猫 , 保持猫不会对我来说 。
define templates—the rules architect defines artifacts and templates using the brm tool .	定义模板:使用rm工具定义的规则结构定义和模板 。
bush will more than likely wait until this month , when his secondterm officially starts , to make a move .	布什将要等待这个月 , 当他的第二次官员开始时 , 要做一个移动 。
for example , you can combine one feed from bugzilla and another feed from the source control management systems .	例如 , 您可以从bugzilla和另一个饲料来自源控制系统的饲料 。
kolli says the drought in the horn of africa came as no surprise to meteorologists .	kolli说 , 在非洲的马上 , 没有惊讶的气候学家 。
because the fire mechanism of a small cluster tear bomb is complex , there is not a set of sophisticated theories .	由于小型集群板的火灾机制是复杂的 , 没有一种解决理论 。
multicore and gpu based systems are here and harnessing that power is hard with todays programming models .	多功率和gpu系统在今天的程序模型中很难发生 。
after treatment with shen fu tang , some patients's symptoms have improved evidently .	在治疗后 , 一些患者的症状有明显改善 。
you're too much for me , ennis , you son of a whoreson bitch . i wish i knew how to quit you .	你对我来说 , 你儿子的儿子 , 我希望我知道如何查询你 。
in addition , there is a 1015 page final term paper based on a topic of the student's choice .	另外 , 基于学生选择的最顶题 , 还有1015页的最后文件 。
mary eventually left maimi , obtained a good education , and fostered her natural music ability .	玛丽最终离开玛丽 , 获得了一个良好的教育 , 跟踪她的自然音乐能力 。
anger can cause you to blame others for your problems and you may feel like getting revenge on those that have mistreated you .	愤怒可以导致你对你的问题 , 你会感觉到像你失去的收入 。
the judge previously has said he might approve the contracts even over katherine jackson's objection .	法官预先说 , 他可能会在卡纳森对象中批准这些合同 。
we have two major categories of products , one is file centric apps and another is database centric apps .	我们有两大类产品 , 一个是文件中心应用 , 另一个是数据库中心应用 。
teachers often told me to see the patient after the talk saying that a lot of reason all i have been heeded .	教师们经常告诉我看病人说 , 很多原因 , 我已经受到了很多原因 。
and then there's that second , threefootlong horn on the woolly rhino: it was wide and flat .	然后这里有第二 , 三英尺的荣耀:它广泛 , 广泛 。
yet i would rather see a young person pray prayers from the heart than the most eloquent rote prayer .	然而我会看到一个年轻的祈祷者 , 比最平等的玫瑰祈祷者 。
“it’s an arcane means of communication , which for the most part should be abolished , ” she told me .	她告诉我: " 这是一个通信的意思 , 因为最应该被废弃 , " 她告诉我 。
i am happy to see her play much better in hong kong ; i think she will not disappoint in the final round .	我很喜欢看她在香港玩得更好 , 我认为她不会在最后一轮失望 。
" being plucked from obscurity is a bit like , you know , going on a long journey , " boyle said .	男孩说: " 肥胖是个好处 , 你知道 , 长期的旅程 , " 男孩说 。
'the obvious advantage of using your hands is that you always have them with you , ' says sian porter .	" 使用你的手指的显著优势是 , 你总是与你一起拥有它们 。 "
he said , during a drinking session in pub , one of his staffs joked that they should put vitamin in their undies .	他说 , 在公开饮料会议中 , 一个员工约束他们应该放弃维生素 。
on the other hand , your weight loss is in fact a continuous function , so each piece of data should be attached .	另一方面 , 你的重量损失是连续功能 , 因此每一块数据应该安装 。
no problem is permanent . storms always give way to the sun . winter always thaws into springtime .	没有问题是永久的 , 暴力总是给太阳 。 冬天总会变成春季 。
the stamps depict the actress as holly golightly in the film breakfast at tiffany's .	这个站在台湾湾湾湾的影片破坏时 , 影片的压力就会轻松地降低 。
my wife went through my phone and uhm , may be calling you . so if you can , please take your name off that .	我的妻子穿过我的手机和uhm , 可以叫你 。 所以你可以 , 请把你的名字 。
right . this is the brochure for mexico , yucatan is at the back , and this is the brochure for guatemala .	好 。 这是墨西哥的哥哥哥 , 伊拉是背后的 , 这是保罗的兄弟 。
our identity is tied to the value that we bring into the world and historically that value means our profession .	我们的身份被绑定到世界和历史上 , 价值意味着我们的专业 。
functionally , pump station are either gathering stations or trunk line stations , and in some cases both .	函数上 , 泵站是聚集站或链路站 , 以及一些案例 。
experiment boldly . rip off the greats , and the goods as well . mimick and make it your own . try and err .	实验上 , 快速走出大量的货物 , 迈克和你自己 。 试图 。
compared the two methods , the results of power characteristic number method are better than that of shearing force decomposition method .	比较了两种特征数的方法 , 比焊接力分解法较好 。
m: well , i would not try to feed those little critters if i were you , they bite and can carry diseases .	嗯 , 我不会尝试那些小信用者 , 如果我是你 , 他们就可以携带疾病 。
researches on pure shear behaviors of dd3 single crystal are experimentally carried out for the first time .	第一次研究了ddd3晶体的纯剪性行为 。
under a series of the decoration of the clever and witty , commandos firefight , outwit the armory .	在一系列清洁和智慧的装饰下 , 命令防火 , 探索武器理论 。
you'll see two councilmen , a union official , a couple of offduty cops , and a judge .	你会看到两个国家 , 一位联合国官员 , 两位司法官 , 法官 。
avoid alcohol and aspirin while using methotrexate and misoprostol for a medical abortion .	避免cohol和apirin在使用甲基酸氧化物和微胆固醇 。
thirdly , commercial banks should speed up disposing of nonperforming loan by various means .	第三 , 商业银行应该通过各种方式提高非平台贷款 。
which brings us to my final piece of advice ; don’t try to extract from what doesn’t exist .	这使我们带来最终的建议 , 不要尝试从什么不存在的提取 。
talking about the fast charge of accumulator for the mine explosionproof electric locomotive ;	谈论了矿井开发电机的快速电荷载荷 ;
some cities are studying the halfway measure of banning them from bicycle lanes while permitting them on streets .	有些城市正在研究自行周期湖泊的半路措施 。
li founded dayang in september 1979 with 85 employees , according to its web site .	据其网站建立了1979年9月85名员工 , 据其网站 。
in this network the regional concept is limitlessly extended on informationization express highway .	在这个网络中 , 区域概念有限地扩展了信息化表达公路 。
i suggest we go to xxxx factory tomorrow morning , and go back to hangzhou from there , is that ok ?	我建议我们今天早上去了xxxx工厂 , 回到杭州 , 好吗 ?
we should learn how to face failure or misfortune bravely and generously and to try to deal with it .	我们应该学习如何面对失败或错误的失败 , 同时尝试与它交易 。
that means big birds have to evolve different molting patterns to deal with their slowpoke feathers .	这意味着大鸟必须进化不同的移动模式 , 与其缓慢的天气 。
table iii: solubility of the drugs , polymer and filler used in the study , in water and alcohol .	表面ii:药品、聚合剂在水和酒精中使用的溶解性 。
" so , when it comes time for dinner , " he says , " pasta sauce without added sugar tastes bland .	" 所以 , 当时 , " 他说 , " 路易斯塔不添加糖味道 。
china hp also hosts another important it event each year aimed for endusers called hp electronic world .	中国hp也希望另一个重要事件 , 每年都称为hp电子世界 。
he knew that xinjian was considered inferior and that a better school might help her find a better life .	他知道 , 新疆被考虑到 , 一个更好的学校可能帮助她找到更好的生活 。
this example is an ifthen rule ; therefore , you would see the if condition and its corresponding action .	例如 , 这个例子是否规则 ; 因此 , 你会看条件和正确的行为 。
they introduced bittorrent support ; browser gestures ; a nice mobile version . . .	它们介绍了电力支持 ; 浏览器边缘 ; 一个运动版本 。
in such situations , the endpoint address used at development time is simply a placeholder , and is rarely used .	在这样的情况下 , 最终的地址使用在开发时间简单的地方 , 很少使用 。
impressed with her abilities , vozda offered fiolla a job in corporate sector law enforcement .	随着她的意义 , vozda提供了一份工作 , 在公司法律加强的工作 。
pincer and shock trooper ships were falling out of the sky like ducks on a bad day at the marsh .	马什的一天 , 飞行员和鞋子飞船从海上飞出来 。
objective: to analyse the effects of intertrochanteric fracture with dhs internal fixation in 60 cases .	目的:对60例患者内固定的影响 。
the measurement of vector voltage can be got from the discrete sequential data of a sampled singal .	测量矢量电压的测量可以从抽样的歌曲中获得分辨率数据 。
lillian:what if i tell her in a very nice way and bring her a sandwich to make her happy ?	莉莉莉亚:我告诉她在一个很好的途径 , 带她的沙丘去做她的幸福吗 ?
the rockery , or peak , or shore , or mound or point to the role of the park in a certain extent .	岩石 , 岩石 , 矿石 , 矿石 , 岩石 , 或岩石 。
you may want to say , " what do you mean by 'the self is vast' isn't that just spiritual claptrap ? "	你可能想说: " 自我意味着 " 不仅是精神障碍吗 ? "
nasolabial angle only reflected change of upper lip , but could not reflect characters of facial profile .	纳米角只反映了上唇的变化 , 但不能反映其特征 。
mavs coach rick carlisle said: " i'm so happy for him . i'm so happy for dirk . "	马夫·卡利斯说: " 我很幸福 , 我很幸福他 。 我很幸福 。 "
a new orders subindex fell slightly to 52 . 5 in october from 52 . 8 in september .	10月5日 , 一个新订单指数下跌52.5点 , 在9月52.8日 。
ibm filed an application for his green card for permanent residence in 2004 , and he has yet to receive it .	在2004年 , ibm指出了一个应用程序 , 并且他还接受了它 。
3 coal mine , the article puts forward an automatic control system of mine pump house based on plc .	本文提出了基于plc自动控制系统的基础上 , 提出了一种基于矿泵泵的自动控制系统 。
in those early days it moved men , it opened prison doors and made missionaries out of members .	在那些早期的时候 , 它打开了监狱门 , 使会员从会员出来 。
conversely , using ctrl+c and ctrl+v to build new implementations takes only seconds .	相反 , 使用ctrl+c和ctrl+v建立新的实施只需第二 。
the release of seawater from the rock will raise sea levels over time , but not by much , says schrag .	克拉格的释放水量将提高海水水水平 , 但并不多 。
anyone diving from it to the pool would have to make an almost perfect dive or be splattered on the rocks .	任何人死于池塘 , 要做几乎完美的方向 , 或者在岩石上 。
the serum was transported from anchorage to nenana by train where the first musher picked up the serum .	通过训练第一名穆斯林在训练中运输的服务器 。
and love happens to people of all ages , because one's internal life changes , as well as one's opportunities .	爱上所有年龄的人 , 因为一生的内部变化 , 以及一个机会 。
the chief suspect in the attack was al shabaab , a u . s . designated terrorist group that u .	在攻击的首席嫌疑是阿尔巴巴 , 美国设计恐怖组织的恐怖分子 。
for you this year , cheers for you today , tomorrow for your blessing: appearance and youth beautiful mood !	今天 , 奶酪今天 , 明天为你的祝福:出现和青年美丽的情绪 !
the reason we say nondual though is because anytime you think of one , it’s always in reference to many .	我们说不平衡的原因是因为你认为 , 它总是参考很多 。
this year , he's getting 30 percent of his baskets off dunks , and only 68 percent are assisted .	今年 , 他已经在30%的篮子 , 只有68%的孩子帮助 。
equipment is also much more basic , involves fewer slots , and is all handled on a 3d paperdoll .	设备还有更多基本的基本性 , 包括3do 。
fig2 . the ring only shows up in meetings with vip clients to label its owner married and reliable...	图2 。 环只展示与vip客户的会议 , 实现其主人结婚和可靠的...
gas prices alone surged 3 . 3% in april , and are up 33 . 1% over the past year .	上年4月 , 汽油价格上涨3.3% , 去年上涨33.1% 。
obama stood and walked over to make small talk with pool reporters as roberts donned his black robe .	奥巴马站起来 , 走过小谈话 , 罗伯特向他的黑路 。
situated at the beautiful and fertile town—ruian , which is " the motorcycle of china " .	位于美丽的城镇 , 是中国的摩托环境 。
strongly appeal on the change in the role of primary school teachers in curriculum innovation .	在课程创新方面 , 强烈应用于课程学校教师的变化 。
the slope mine under the town was slowly filled with salt brine making the surface subside .	在城镇下 , 盐桥下 , 使地面物质分散 。
ingredients :wheat germ oil , chamomile , lavender , orange blossom , rose .	成分:牛油 , 牛肉油 , 乳液 , 橙色 , 玫瑰 。
look at my feet , grandma frozen stiff decided to make a pair of cloth padded boots .	看我的脚子 , 格鲁斯·斯肯定要做一套衣服的靴子 。
it jumped up and down disrespectfully , mocking the hunting soldiers . it threw a nut at them .	它突然跳起来 , 打猎士兵 , 威胁他们 。
of course you are bronbron , you're 19 years old . you haven't reached your prime yet .	当然你是bronon , 你是19岁的时候 , 你并没有达到您的主题 。
the methods of how to use additive reasonably and improve the quality of cathode coppers are discussed .	讨论了如何利用添加剂合理 , 提高催化铜质量 。
the machine is a set of sharpening and polishing highprecision dualfunction in one of the sharpener .	机器是一组形状的高精度的双重功能 。
one thing absolute monarchs don't want is they don't want impediments to their personal rule .	一件事情绝对的货币不想要是他们不希望他们的个人规则 。
lapd swat is very highly regarded as probably the best urban swat team in the country .	拉普汗很高 , 可能是国家最好的城市游泳团队 。
room 905 , jinli mansion , no . 115 beizhan road , shenhe district , shenyang .	房间905 , 金林经理 , 115名北山路 , 沈阳 。
our girls never second guess themselves and they don’t talk themselves out of anything .	我们的女孩从来没有第二次猜测自己 , 他们不会谈到自己的事情 。
methods:the serological results of measles uncertain patients of 2006 in tangshan were analyzed .	方法:对唐山2006例急性患者的生理学结果进行分析 。
trash , wooden pallets and any other flammable material must be removed from areas of hot work .	火车 , 木板和其他可燃材料必须从热量工程中删除 。
does the existence of this informal relationship give you the right to stretch the rules of the work environment ?	这个信息关系的存在 , 让您对工作环境的规则进行正确的讨论 ?
third , cover your tactics , psychological tactics is to protect the manipulation tool .	第三 , 覆盖你的任务 , 心理任务是保护管理工具 。
in the third part of my paper i mainly elaborate the theory of ecosocialism and the commence on it .	第三部分 , 我主要阐述生态学理论和社会主义的关系 。
in this paper , the audio file stored format and the method of restoration the audio waveform are analysed .	本文分析了音频文件存储格式及音频波形的方法 。
the material can be scorched rubber , flash overflow and unacceptable vulcanized product .	材料可以筛选橡胶 , 鲜花和不可解的紫外化产品 。
many a whale catties battle scars that were left by a squid's fierce struggles .	很多小猫的战斗场景 , 被安静的火灾斗争 。
property damage was estimated to be between $81 and $108 billion , according to noaa .	根据诺a的报道 , 财产损害估计为81美元和108亿美元之间 。
if it’s a business trip , i am clearly going to bring mostly business casual items .	如果它是一个业务触发的话 , 我明确会带来大多数商务的项目 。
at last , literature were unscrambled , arranged , summarized and analyzed earnestly .	最后 , 文学文献并未结合 , 总结分析早期 。
it hasn't been reported that the coelomic fluid of earthworm shows nuclease activity .	据报道 , 地球流体的核活性显示了核活性 。
to achieve this in the above example , you use a regular expression to perform the replacement .	为了实现这个例子 , 您使用常规的表达来执行相关的表达 。
this paper has described the application of remote sensing technology in environmental monitoring .	本文介绍了遥感技术在环境监测中的应用 。
simulation ceramics ashes , straight safety mini crystal ceramics glass ;	仿真陶瓷 , 直线微晶陶瓷玻璃 ;
they take themselves seriously the appearance of other in part , with be concerned about facesaving about .	他们把自己看起来是另一部分的出现 , 关注面对面部的关注 。
the allergopharma allergic abstraction was used to detect the allergens with the skin prick test .	用来检测皮肤蛋白质检测 , 检查皮肤病原的原因 。
image: coral bleaching in australia’s great barrier reef/matt kiefer , flickr	图片:澳大利亚大利亚大利亚大巴黎储备/马特卡特 , flickerr 。
for a quick , authentic meal , try the snack stalls down one of the side streets .	为了很快 , 正常的餐厅 , 试图把蛇放在街上 。
a father , who is working hardly as an ironsmith , brings up his son under the hardship of living .	一个父亲 , 他正在努力作为铁路 , 带着他的儿子 。
in the first chapter of the paper , a review of qsar and docking methods , progress and applications is presented .	在第一章中 , 提出了一种基于qsar和ock方法、进展和应用程序 。
the research development in catalysts for syndiotactic polymerization of styrene is reviewed .	综述了类型聚合物的催化剂对催化剂进行了综述 。
have you attended a hospital to receive medical treatment or been hospitalised in the past two years ?	你曾参加医院接受医疗治疗或医院医疗治疗 ?
abdominal tenderness is noted , and pelvic examination reveals cervical motion tenderness .	腹部紧张性被注意 , 心理检查显示颈椎动脉 。
cats and snakes are traditionally cooked together , given the name " dragon tiger fight " .	猫和蛇是传统烹饪的 , 给名字 " 龙虎战 " 。
the id is also refereed to the pleasure principle , which also represents selfgratification .	id也参考了高纯原则 , 也代表了自我化的自我意义 。
banks are not lining up to lend money on their own for construction of the newest generation of indian points .	银行并不为印度点建设的最新一代的建设提供资金 。
this system can utilize the transmission bandwidth more efficiently and achieve frequency diversity .	该系统可以更有效地利用传输带宽 , 达到频率多样性 。
eventually it puts forward the focus of studying vbased solid solution type hydrogen stora...	最后 , 提出了基于vs固体溶液类型的研究重点 。
and the largest source of funds is the sales back to subsection , and has been carried out according to plan .	根据计划 , 基金的最大的资金是按照规划的销售回来的 。
activated clay is prepared via reation of bentonite and sulfuric acid at high temperature .	通过高温催化剂 , 制备了高温催化剂的活性clay 。
does your current lease allow you to request that your tenant vacate within a certain period of time ?	您的目前租赁允许您请求你在某些时期内有一定时间的时间吗 ?
wise investing is the surest path to financial independence and it's something everyone can work on .	智慧投资是金融独立的最终途径 , 是每个人都可以工作 。
with thoughtful service and harmonious atmosphere , the nursing home is really the home of the aged .	随着思想服务和谐的气氛 , 护理家真正是年龄的家庭 。
college staff bought 332 magazines , 44 fiction and 29 nonfiction books .	大学员工购买332名magazine , 44个非影响书 。
mrs . cronin: my dear , why don't you tell me what it is . i'm sure i can help you .	克林先生:我的亲爱 , 为什么不告诉我 , 我肯定我能帮助你 。
of course , humans could take over for the missing birds , pollinating by hand and sowing the seeds .	当然 , 人类就会采取错误的鸟类 , 用手和解决种子 。
past efforts to reach a meeting of the minds on health care reform have ended in stalemate .	过去努力达到健康改革的心理会议 。
the company has its own research and development bases , and production bases in shangdong , shanghai and shanxi province .	本公司拥有自身的研究基础 , 上海和山西省 。
" let's stay at one of the cheap motels on the edge of town , " kathleen suggested .	" 我们住在城镇的一个廉价电子之一 , " kaleen建议 。
" so questions remain concerning both accuracy and also applicability to other solar cycles , " she said .	" 因此 , 问题仍然担心精确 , 也适用于其他太阳周期 , " 她说 。
a tall man with white hair got out . it was albert , the husband of molly's sister .	一位白发的男子 , 是贝特 , 母亲的丈夫 。
it's pouring in thailand ! a man walks down a bangkok street in heavy rains .	在泰国 , 一个人走下一条黑色街道 。
in the 1970's , americans avoiding service in the vietnam war arrived and put down roots .	在1970年代 , 美国人避免越南战争的服务 , 放下根 。
major components: cactus extract cream , olive oil , vitamin b5 , geraniums .	主要组件:活性提取cream , 橄榄油 , 维生素b5 , 德国 。
in other words , even our worst jobsearch errors are the training ground for greater success .	在其他词中 , 即使我们最糟糕的工作误差是训练成功的训练 。
but of the many contrasts given here what i find mostinteresting is sorrowful yet always rejoicing .	但是 , 在这里 , 我发现最有兴趣的合同 , 总是拒绝 。
we are surprised to hear about the damage . the order was carefully packed at our factory before shipment .	我们很惊讶地听到损害 , 订单在我们的船前仔细包装 。
winners take chances . like everyone else , they fear failing , but they refuse to let fear control them .	赢家们在机会上采取机会 , 比如每个人都恐怕 , 但他们拒绝让恐惧控制 。
police officers in the city aren't being fully paid and may not even have enough money for gas .	警方在城市的警察没有完全支付 , 甚至没有足够的钱 。
part 4 learn the process of writing news articles like a reporter in this free journalism training video .	第四部分学习这篇自由旅游视频训练的过程 。
when there's a strong job market , organizations need to do whatever they can to attract top candidates .	当有一个强大的职业市场 , 组织需要做他们可以吸引顶级候选 。
being put in front of a client for the first time and asked to explain something was a daunting experience .	在第一次的客户前面 , 请求解释某些事情是一个危险的经验 。
don't fall into the trap of believing that because you can't test every line of code , you must test nothing .	不要进入信念 , 因为你不能测试任何代码 , 你必须考试任何事情 。
the fifth partita was " the worst bach recording i've ever made . it was also the most pianistic . "	第五个党 " 最糟糕的记录 , 还是最重要的东西 。
fire and wind raged all around , snapping juniper trees and incinerating the sagebrush .	火焰和风吹着一切 , 吸烟汁树和融合年龄布什 。
the content of this page is from the illy port or illy customs import and export company directory ;	本页的内容是从illyport或illy客户进口和出口公司目录 ;
i have expressed my concern through my paintings which visualising the tension between human and environment .	我通过我的绘画 , 表达了人类和环境之间的张力 。
the high efficient allocation of system resource by using multithread application highly improved the system performance .	采用多线程应用高效的系统资源 , 提高了系统性能 。
in britain , men are recommended not to drink more than 21 units a week and women 14 .	在英国 , 男性建议不要喝超过21个单位 , 女性14岁 。
the time constant for pnipam in the collapsed state is nearly temperature and concentrationindependent .	冷却状态的时间不断是温度和浓度独立的 。
the exterior joinery elements will be in thermosprayed aluminum tinted charcoal gray .	外部约翰元素将在热处理铝灰 。
rotating packed bed is a new highgravity gasliquid masstransfer equipment developed in 1980 .	旋转包是1980年开发的一种新型高精度的气体设备 。
no matter what language i learn , i always try to look at my cup as ‘half full’ .	无论我学到的语言 , 我总是试图看我的杯子 " 半 " 。
don’t be insulted if a cashier holds your bill up to the light to check its authenticity .	不要被调整 , 如果一名厨师把你的帐篷放到灯光 , 检查其意义 。
despite the disappointments , milner , lammie and houston argue that dec salt can succeed .	尽管失望 , 米尔 , 米尔米和霍尔顿认为 , 决定盐能成功 。
the airbus a320 was flying from moscow to geneva when the attempted hijacking occurred .	空气a320飞机从moscows到基因瓦时 , 当试图发生的时候 , 空气a320被飞行 。
owning to the arrangement of the course , 50 students found 6 companies and cheerz company is one of them .	在课程中 , 50名学生发现6家公司和切尔z公司是他们的一家之一 。
since that time , mcdonald's and its franchises have remodeled 11 , 000 stores .	自从那时 , mcdal和它的支持已经删除了1000家店 。
can the bookstores and libraries of this world stay viable and relevant in this age of edownloads ?	能在这个世界的可视图书馆和图书馆 ?
physicists could solve it for only a small number of cases , such as that of two parallel plates .	物理学家可以解决一个小型的病例 , 比如两个板块 。
this finding adds yet more confusion to determining the best strategy for women with ntse acs .	这项发现还有更多的冲突 , 确定女性的最佳战略 。
nor did i agree with his somewhat emotional assessment of me as a " unique moron . "	我同意他的一些情绪评估我是一个 " 独特的天主 " 。
ehrlich’s book , the population bomb , made him the mostfamous of modern malthusians .	埃里克的书 , 人口炸弹 , 使他最伟大的现代马吕斯人 。
for example , there are restrictions that make it all but impossible to sell f22s to japan .	例如 , 有限制 , 但不可能卖f2来销售日本 。
mathias is a typical midfielder with important potential which he will have to show on the pitch .	玛丽亚是一个典型的中场者 , 他将展示他必须展示的潜力 。
just last saturday we saw each other again in berlin , along with mikhail gorbachev .	上周六我们看到了柏林的另一次另一次另一次 , 迈克·戈巴夫 。
the name of this fruit , yes , this is technically a fruit , comes from nahuatl , too .	这个水果的名字 , 是的 , 这是技术的水果 , 来自纳瓦尔 。
as soon as the monkey king goes into the cave , the other animals cover the cave door with rocks .	正如猴王走进洞穴 , 另一动物覆盖着岩石的门 。
its way more m2m than is necessary , but it certainly does the job of giving the best of them .	其途径比必要 , 但它确定做最好的工作 。
founded as a furtrading post , it developed rapidly after the coming of the railroad in1881 .	在1881年的铁路上 , 建立了一种追踪后 , 发展迅速发展 。
i found the distance to our main tent hard enough going , never mind a trek to the north pole .	我找到了我们的主要帐篷 , 从来没有想到北极 。
the reactions were manifested by allergic shock , purpura , urticaria and angioedema .	该反应由异常鞋、紫外、尿病和血管瘤的反应 。
there are many minor gold deposits in the periphery of huanglin anticlinal . nucleus .	黄林植物中有许多分钟金矿床 。 核 。
a bottomup itcentric approach focusing on discovery and characterization of existing it assets .	针对现有资产的发现和特点 。
to be engaged in studying a role so as to be able to replace the regular performer when required .	为了在需要的时候 , 要求学习一个角色 , 所以可以替换规则性能 。
the average skews higher than the median because of a few very high incomes , deaton explained .	平均键比印度更高 , 由于一些高收入 , 除了解释 。
furthermore , the plugin may overwrite your changes the next time it regenerates the site .	此外 , 插件可能会对下一次再生网站的改变 。
now we never completed the study so we never wrote it up , but we did find some interesting preliminary things .	现在我们从来没有完成这项研究 , 但我们发现一些有趣的事情 。
it will have to fight against that , even if the new ngage delivers an excellent gaming experience .	即使新年人交换了一个极好的游戏经验 。
if you find an apartment you like , submit an application to the landlord or property manager immediately .	如果你找到一个公寓 , 将一个应用程序或属性经理 。
the date can also recruit superior nodachi units as well: attack is a date watchword !	日期也可以重新回顾北京单位 , 攻击是一个日期观察者 !
the single chromosome obtained in the study is rice field eel chromosome 3 ;	研究中单色体染色体染色体为3 ;
hesse created minimal sculptures that retain a relationship to the organic through shape and texture .	他创造了最小的模拟 , 通过形式和文本来保持有机的关系 。
there was no history of trauma , apart from her having undergone acupuncture several years previously .	没有历史的历史 , 离开了她在几年前 , 前几年 。
in addition to myers , also described by western tourists by nontibetans cruel attack .	另外 , 还描述了西方旅游者的西方旅游 。
other countries , notably india , must calibrate their government finances even more carefully .	其他国家 , 印度 , 必须制造他们的政府财政 , 甚至更加仔细 。
production begins in the fall and the film is expected to be released in the summer of 2011 .	201年夏天 , 生产开始于降低和电影 , 预计在201年夏天发布 。
boring but serious english you are the redthreadwoven ball that i have dreamed to obtain .	带着严重的英语 , 你是我梦想获得的红头球 。
the shabab now control only 40% of mogadishu proper , down from about 60% a few months ago .	目前 , 股票控制只有40% , 从几个月前降低了60% 。
and with warm weather predicted in spain , the german said his day of karting should stand him in good stead .	德国人说 , 随着温暖的天气预测 , 德国的日子应该站在好步 。
results: 108 canals were successfully reopened with a successful rate of 92 . 3% .	结果:对92.3%的成功率进行108例癌症患者进行成功调查 。
some complex flow characteristics such as separation , circumfluence appears around spur dikes .	一些复杂的流动特性如分离、循环流流等 。
well , that was very decided indeed that does seem as if but , however , it may all come to nothing , you know .	然而 , 这是非常明确的 , 看起来似乎是如果 , 但是 , 可能都是没有什么 , 你知道 。
van der sloot has said he left holloway on a beach near her hotel after they had kissed .	温德·洛根曾说他在她的酒店附近离开好莱坞的酒店 。
here she talks not only about real risk factors , she also rules out signs that could be misread .	这里她不仅谈论真正的危险因素 , 她也可以错误 。
this is no more effective than prayer which when it does seem to work can be explained away as coincidence .	这并非比它做的时候 , 似乎工作似乎可以解释为合成 。
twopieces adjustable ladder can be designed and manufactured according to order demand .	根据秩序需求设计的两种可调整的激光器 。
no sign of an epic clash of the titans such as the 1980's maradona platini one .	如1980年代玛拉·平坦一样 , 没有迹象的迹象 。
ltd . dongguan branch is a good faith for the purpose of formal professional decoration company .	东莞分支有限公司是正式专业装饰公司的一个良好的信仰 。
'all of the sudden , everything i loved about the city was just so frightening to me , ' she said .	她说: " 突然 , 我喜欢这座城市的所有东西都是这样的 。 " 她说 。
several theoretical examples given in the paper show that the terrain correction of the surface ...	本文给出了几个理论例子 , 给出了表面正确的作用 。
the second instance indicates the code page used at the source , which is also windows usenglish .	第二个实例表明 , 代码页在源中使用的代码页 , 这也是窗口使用语言 。
however , the reelability has a negative relationship with the speed of heating if the set temperature is high .	然而 , 如果设置温度高 , 可靠性具有负面关系 。
yea , chinese history is great , and chinese food is awesome . let's enjoy our lunch man .	是的 , 中国历史很好 , 中国食物是美丽的 。 让我们享受我们的午餐人 。
charlotte wrote as currer bell , emily as ellis bell , and anne as acton bell .	查尔·贝尔写道 , 作为埃尔斯贝尔 , 另外一个行为贝尔 。
i shall never forget those days when i lived in the army with the soldiershas a great effect on my life .	当我住在军队的时候 , 我永远不会忘记那些日子 。
the first thing bram did upon his return was run to mo , giving her hugs and kisses .	第一件事情在他的回归中运行 , 给她的丈夫和吻 。
fortunately , gout is treatable , and there are ways to reduce the risk that gout will recur .	幸运的是 , 谷歌是可治疗的 , 减少政府的风险 。
every element has a method to return the label of its category and a method to bind the clicking action .	每个元素都有一种方法返回其类别的实验和结合cic行为的方法 。
england setup with a stopper and cover , this exploits the talents of terry and ferdinand .	英格兰设立了一个停止器和覆盖 , 这就探讨了恐怖和ferinand的天赋 。
this underlines that you should use double indexes if you want semantically correct numeric comparisons .	如果你想要正确的数值比较器 。
university of the freedom of living people to temporarily forget the past , and floated up to enjoy the present .	大学生活自由的大学 , 让人们忘记过去 , 流动享受目前的 。
tritium emits a weak form of radiation that does not travel very far in the air and cannot penetrate the skin .	在空气中 , 无法阻止皮肤的辐射形式 , 无法阻止皮肤 。
finally , concrete suggestions and measures are proposed for the implementation of the group' s development strategy .	最后 , 提出集团开发策略实施混凝土建议和措施 。
in general and basically , i'm still one of those who are beneficial and harmless to the mankind and our society .	在总体和基本上 , 我仍然是那些有益的人类和社会之一 。
this erosional basin was closed and evolved into a depositional basin during middle late pleistocene .	这种环境盆地被闭合 , 进化为中晚期的沉积盆地 。
additionally , enthalpy and entropy both contributed to enantioseparation when mobile phase was acetonitrile .	另外 , 当移动阶段时 , 能量和能量两者都贡献了稳定分离 。
each change brought fresh accessories , clothing , jewelry and body colors to the new collection .	每个变革都带来新鲜的成员 , 衣服 , 珠宝和身体颜色 。
while meeting financial group influence in foreign hotel to press on to the border , is because " wolf " come .	由于 " 女性 " 女性 " 来说 , 国外旅馆对边界的影响 。
" of the four wars in my lifetime none came about because the u . s . was too strong . " ronald reagan .	" 我生命中四战争 , 因为美国太强劲 。 " 罗娜·雷根说 。
in september , the company slashed its sales forecast for 2010 by 25% to 600 , 000 vehicles .	在9月份 , 该公司在9月份宣布其销售预测 , 为25%至600万辆汽车 。
isn't that against china's principle of noninterference in the internal affairs of other countries ?	不要对中国对其他国家的内部事务的原则吗 ?
objective:to investigate the electroneuographical characteristics in patients with guillianbarre syndrome .	目的:探讨恶性综合征患者电学特点 。
because the kidneys produce carnitine , kidney disease could lead to a deficiency of carnitine in the body .	由于肾脏产生的肾脏病 , 肾病可能导致肾脏病 。
to worship others blindly and belittle others at will are both factually the display of lack of selfconfidence .	为了担心其他人 , 相信其他人 , 事实上缺乏自信 。
he posited that animals acquired certain traits during their lifetimes because of their environment and choices .	他把动物收集在生命期间 , 因为他们的环境和选择 。
gaps are left between the outer cylinder and the inner cylinder , and air in gaps is pumped into vacuum .	出口循环器和内圈之间 , 空气在空气中被泵入真空中 。
we'd like someone to design a vector illustration of this fun , cute , accessible monstertype character .	我们喜欢有人设计这个函数 , 安全 , 可访的蒙特性 。
913 and , he didn't publish anything related to the lewis structure until about 1912 or 1913 .	913年 , 他没有发表关于1913年或1913年的法律结构的任何东西 。
dynamic program data from backend business logic can also be placed at the specified location in the html .	动态程序数据从后端业务逻辑中也可以在html指定位置 。
experimental results on plasma instability and potential confinement configuration in mm4u tandem mirror are presented .	介绍了mmm4u电极混凝土混凝土混凝土混凝土混凝土的平稳定性和潜在限制 。
so , these onchanging properties that describe the state of the equilibrium state of the system are called state variables .	所以 , 这些交换性能 , 描述了系统的平衡状态的状态 , 称为状态变量 。
an optimal sequencing of the storage elements in the single scan chain design for testability is presented in the paper .	介绍了单扫描链设计中单扫描链设计的最佳序列 。
in this paper , macroporous resin was used to treat wastewater resulting from manufacturing sulfanilamide .	本文利用宏观树脂来处理废水 , 从制造自制造硫化物的制造过程 。
to be responsible for the partymasses work of administration and its directly affiliated institutions .	为了负责对党主管工作的责任 , 直接反对机构 。
the gentleman was infinitely resourceful and had close contacts in the army and in political circles .	在政治环境中 , 女士最终是资源的 , 在政治环境中 , 紧密接触 。
a motor vehicle which reaches the standards for being discarded as unserviceable shall not run on road .	运动车辆 , 达到不可避免的车辆 , 应该运行道 。
used for the treatment of acute and chronic enteritis and diarrhea caused by bacterium or fungus .	用来治疗急性和慢性肠炎的治疗 , 导致细菌或功能 。
other agreements in 1880 and 1892 sealed the protectorate status of bahrain to the british .	180年 , 1892年的其他协议 , 在英国保护地位 。
objective: to observe the effects of synthetical rehabilitation cure on guillainbarre syndrome .	目的:观察综合反应尿病的疗效 。
small doohickey 2: sunshine fades not more easily than be being cleaned in day of overcast and rainy .	小型厚度2:阳光快速不容易清洁 , 降雨 。
the four vessels were then reinforced by two type 037 antisubmarine patrol crafts .	然后 , 两种类型抗血管的抗血管裂纹加强 。
so research and development as a new treatment for burns and wound healing of the drug become yet to resolve the issue .	因此 , 研究和发展作为一种新型的药物健康的新治疗 , 仍然是解决问题 。
represent medicine: much pepsin , pancreatin , more enzymatic piece , mai feiming wait .	代表药物:多肽 , 胰腺素 , 更多的酶素 , 镁等 。
increasing starch concentration had little influence on the gab parameters but nonetheless decreased aw .	增加淀粉浓度对气体参数的影响较少 , 但没有减少w 。
deputy mayor he jihua meets with principal members of kagoshima cultural exchange group .	委员会长jiha会议 , 与卡比亚文化交流组织的主要成员 。
current champion ronnie o'sullivan believes ding junhui has what it takes to go all the way .	目前 , 罗妮·奥利安认为dinghhui拥有所有的途径 。
timely deployment of work safety , strict implementation of territorial regulatory responsibility .	职业安全 , 严格实施职责责 。
the public security work in poor areas will face favorable opportunities of development and confront grim challenges .	贫困地区的公安工作将面临良好的发展和国内挑战 。
today's dynamic business needs are driving it departments to implement standardsbased computing .	今天的动态业务需要驾驶其部门实施标准计算 。
it plans to equip other ultralight kits with electric motors ranging from 10 to 60 kilowatts .	它计划在10到60公里的电动机上安装其它超级电动机 。
mgm has now been taken over by new owners , however , and its money troubles appear to be a thing of the past .	然而 , mgm现在被新主人 , 而其金融困扰似乎是过去的事情 。
let us consider that we are all insane . it will explain us to teach each other . it will unriddle many riddles .	让我们认为我们都是安静的 , 它会解释我们彼此 , 它会不会很多危险 。
but there are a variety of things about people who can communicate from the dead or ghosts or seances or what have you .	但是 , 有很多事情 , 谁可以通过死亡或性质或性质或你交流 。
sift together the dry ingredients into mixing bowl . add in diced butter and knead to form dough .	将干燥成分组成混合碗 , 加入方向的蝴蝶和膝盖形成 。
yet despite much speechifying from bankerbashing politicians , such views do not seem to have taken hold .	然而 , 尽管从银行政治家的演讲 , 这样的观点并没有看起来 。
customers will pay 2 star prices for a 5 star offering , a value proposition unmatched in the market place .	客户将支付一个5星级的价格 , 价值建议在市场竞争 。
i think the reader gets the point . at some point we're all acted like this: we've been too busy to do god's work .	我觉得读者得到点 , 在我们都喜欢这样的时候 , 我们太忙于做上帝的工作 。
and basically everything what agassi and rios , and some other guys , what they have in life is thanks to the tennis .	基本上所有的东西都有什么东西 , 以及其他人生的东西 , 他们感谢他们的生活 。
in many cases they interfere with the normal economic order in our country affecting the market of many highquality goods .	在很多情况下 , 他们与我国正常经济秩序的影响很多高品质的市场相互影响 。
tax related crimes include all kinds of offence aganist china's tax system according to chinese criminal law .	根据中国刑事法律 , 税务相关危机包括各种办公机构的税收体系 。
first , image capture and pantilt control are firstly achieved based on hikivision's image capture board .	首先 , 基于hikivie图像捕捉板的图像捕捉器的图像捕捉器 。
the other part may be steeped in the principles of debate , such as identifying fallacies , or understanding bias .	另一部分可能是在辩论原则的原则 , 例如识别障碍 , 或者理解bias 。
this is true whether you are doing street photography or visiting a natural or manmade site .	这是否正在做街道照片或访问自然或人类网站 。
if you can't make a lateral leap , look for ways to expand your current position in the direction of your interests .	如果你不能在你的兴趣方向中扩展您的目标位置 。
your breath will come in through the crown of your head and will fill your body in a manner you are not really accustomed to .	你的呼吸将通过你的头部的棕色 , 将填充你的身体 , 你不真正的习惯 。
according to the variation of pressure and speed , optimize the model to reduce the pressure loss .	根据压力和速度的变化 , 最佳降低压力损失 。
it becomes a hot topic these years . the major characteristics of channel are multipath transmission and shadow effect .	这是一个热点 , 通道的主要特点是多路传输和阴影效应 。
" every time negotiations are underway , money always makes the decision , " pellegrino told sport . es .	" 每次谈判都是下面 , 金钱总是让决策 , " plegrino告诉体育 。
shampoos and other products designed to open scalp pores do not stop hair loss or promote regrowth of hair .	山东和其他产品设计开口口口袋不停止发油损失或促进发酵 。
the results from greenhouse experiment showed that the efficiency of biocontrol could arrived at 72 . 1% .	实验结果表明 , 生物控制能达到72.1% 。
of course , none of us thought we'd be sitting on top of that peak in the not too distant future .	当然 , 我们认为我们的想法是坐在太远的未来的峰会上 。
this week in our series , larry west and tony riggs describe an antiwar movement that was growing .	本周在我们系列 , 拉里西和西方的风险描述了抗war运动 。
even tutoring at a forprofit learning center or leading tours at a historic site required a master’s .	即使在历史网站上学习中心或领导旅游 。
the bct fee will be waived for all singaporeans and singapore prs above 16 years old .	在16岁的新加坡人和新加坡pr上 , 这个bct费用将在所有的新加坡人都醒来 。
so in this paper , the way of realization of the hl7 middleware on multiparameters monitor is intro duced .	因此 , 介绍了多参数监测器的多参数监测方法 。
i’m on the shit list in my platoon for quitting , and my chain of command won’t move me if i ask .	我正在查询我的平台上 , 我的命令链并没有移动我 。
the chongqing upt head hunting company is taken as an example to do a preliminary research in operating pattern .	在运行模式操作模式的初步研究中 , 重庆上头猎公司作为一个例子 。
the model of effect information entropy project risk analysis has its unique theory and method in solving these problems .	分析了解决这些问题的唯一理论和方法 。
the businessschool method of valuing shares is based on the discounted value of future dividend payments .	基于未来独立支付的价值分支价值 。
how can you say so ? without breach in continuity how can there be rebirth ? can there be renewal without death ?	你怎么说 , 你怎么说 ? 继续不断再生 ? 能否死亡吗 ?
censure: a punishment in which the mage is warned against future violations , similar to parole .	cenure:一个大规模被警告未来暴力 , 类似于巴罗 。
the next section explains this cost more fully as it explores how startup costs are initially incurred .	下一节解释了这个成本更完全 , 因为它探讨了如何启动成本的启动成本 。
a scientific study of athletics is the process of cognition to reveal the essence in things and their objective laws .	科学研究是对事物的认知过程 , 揭示了其目标法的认知过程 。
but feiler's wife , linda , had a hunch that something was wrong: " you know as a wife , as a spouse .	但是 , 费尔夫的妻子 , 丽莎 , 有一个丈夫: " 你知道妻子 , 就像一个很多人 。 "
in principle , each copy of the genome ; s estimated 60 , 000 genes is exactly the same .	在原则中 , 每个基因的代码 , 估计60 , 000基因是相同的 。
if there are no or not enough researchers looking into this subject , what should this author be entreating the government to do ?	如果没有足够的研究人员寻找这个主题 , 应该注意政府做什么 ?
again , if you want to match either of these characters verbatim , you must use an escaping backslash .	再次 , 如果你想匹配这些特征的verbaim , 你必须使用capslash 。
however , when using the model for the 2008 european championship , the forecast winner did not make it to the second round .	然而 , 当使用2008年欧洲冠军模型时 , 预测赢家不会让它成为第二轮 。
with multifunctional die , the square and round hole angle steel flange can be manufactured .	随着多功能死亡 , 平方和圆角钢梁可制造 。
good mind is broad , generous , and tolerant of the universe for the benefit of mankind the common people .	良好的心灵是广泛、慷慨的 , 对于人类的利益 。
here , i first of all express our most sincere congratulations to the class group achieved outstanding results and classmates !	在这里 , 我首先表示我们的最自由的计划 , 成功的结果和类型 !
yalong bay center place , won a national construction " luban award " modern garden plaza .	随着宝中心 , 赢得了国家建设 " luban奖 " 现代园林平台 。
for some weeks , my 26yearold son , david , had been after me to go with him to atlantic city , n .	对于一些星期来 , 我的26岁儿子 , 大卫在我去伊斯兰城 , n 。
the bank had the trust of its customers and had not seen any meaningful outflow of funds , tilmant said .	据电视台说 , 银行拥有其客户信任 , 没有看到基金的外部流量 。
endurance swimmer diana nyad has become the first person to swim from cuba to the us without a shark cage .	保险游泳者迪安·尼德已经成为美国第一人游泳到美国的第一位游泳者 。
" it would be irresponsible for the president to veto this legislation , " boehner told reporters .	博哈纳告诉记者说: " 这项立法的总统应该是不负责的 。 "
their personal stories show the tragic reality of cancer in poor countries and its strong impact on people and their families .	他们的个人故事显示 , 贫穷国家的癌症现实和其对人民和家庭的影响 。
after akmal shaikh , the mentally ill man , is executed tomorrow – you are on short rations for a year !	在阿克姆·哈哈 , 精神疾病人 , 明天在一年里 , 你在短期的时间 !
anyone who violates the regulations or disobey theexaminer will be handled according to related regulations .	根据相关规则 , 任何人违反规定或拆除指标 。
perhaps less than a kiloton , which sounds like a lot but is actually small as nuclear devices go .	或许 , 听起来像一个很多 , 但实际上是核设备的小 。
at a more basic level , americans are afraid not just of dying , but of talking and thinking about death .	在更基本的水平上 , 美国人不只怕死亡 , 但想死亡 。
tan later , " juying lu pen consciousness " that read: " china's great sages , no clouds change also .	太阳后 , " 阳光意识 " 的 " 看来: " 中国伟大的年代 , 没有云变化 。
prf global inc is a u . s . a . corporation located in huntington beach , california .	prf全球汽车是华盛顿海滩的美国公司位于华盛顿 , 加州 。
typically , large manufacturers will have a quality system that exceeds the medical device qs regulation .	通常 , 大型制造商将拥有医疗设备q规则的质量系统 。
a man who likes to moralize is usually a hypocrite , and a woman who does the same is invariably plain .	一个人喜欢道德化的人通常是一个高兴的故事 , 同样做的女人 。
though none of us will individually alter the course of the universe , collectively we can do this !	虽然我们不会独立为宇宙的课程 , 但我们可以做这个 !
" but , " he added , " through the grace of god and wisdom of our leaders , these plots were neutralized . "	" 但是 , " 他通过我们的领导者的谷歌和智慧来说 , " 这些地方被忽略 。 "
a survey of arbuscular mycorrhizae of wild flowers in longtou mountain area and its application ;	长山区野花花的调查和其应用 ;
remember , the name of god represents the god we name , and the lord god himself is this tower .	记得 , 上帝的名字 , 我们名字 , 耶和华是这个塔 。
to safely use wasted onebase propellant , detonation occasion of charge was judged through witness steelplate .	通过线性钢板 , 通过线性钢板判断了一种基础的优势 , 降压偶像 。
since fda began scrutinizing the drugs last march , shares of amgen have sunk 27 percent . u .	自去年3月开始筛选药物 , 基因股份有27% 。
this paper is a summary on the experimental investigation of almg alloys with the alloying addition of re .	本文综述了almg合金合金合金合金合金合金的实验研究 。
this is unzipped on the broker and saved on the broker's file system according to message set .	根据消息设置的消息设置 , 这并不受到broker文件系统的存储 。
the book's writer , john b . watson , urged extreme firmness in dealing with children .	这本书的作家约翰·伯森 , 与孩子交易的极端财务 。
you shouldn’t need that many more words to explain what the picture means or why you’ve included it .	你不应该要解释图片的意思 , 或者为什么包含它 。
pepper , basil , oregano , turmeric , thyme , lime , onion and garlic are only a beginning .	农业 , 农业 , 农业 , 游泳和花园只是开始 。
try and clear your mind before bed time and make an effort to think positive thoughts that aid sleep .	试图在床前清楚你的心灵 , 为了考虑艾滋睡眠的积极思考 。
but after china joined the npt in 1992 and the nsg in 2004 , it reined in such help , at least officially .	但是在1992年加入npt , 2004年 , nsg在此帮助 , 至少正常 。
haun ni asked molly , whats the matter , molly asked kim she isnt a person can love a person no longer love ?	汉尼问妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈 , 妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈喜欢一个人不再爱吗 ?
the problem lies in the insufficiency and low efficiency of humancapital investment in rural areas in china .	在我国农村投资中 , 人力资本投资的问题是我国农村投资的低效率 。
for a while , aunt fan had large breasts too—they'd open up and she'd pull stuff out .	对于一个时候 , 有很大东西太大 , 她打开了 , 她就走出去 。
most of the characters have no mouths , dot eyes , and stick limbs ; those with lips are unintelligent .	大多数字符都没有母亲 , 眼睛和腰肢 ; 那些唇不聪明 。
grandma , tell me how you make everything so delicious ? someday i want to be the best cook there ever was , just like you .	爷爷 , 告诉我 , 你怎么做的东西吗 ? 我想做最好的烹饪 , 就像你 。
romania , under its president , traian basescu , is a bastion of atlanticism in the black sea region .	罗马亚总统罗马亚是黑海区的奴隶主义基础 。
the direct link between alcohol and the liver is well understood but what about the impact of alcohol on other organs ?	酒精与肝脏之间的直接链接有什么影响吗 ?
but i do think it is time to reevaluate the things i do have and whether or not they add any value to my existence .	但是我认为这是时间评价我做的事情 , 还是不管他们添加任何价值 。
the last recipe item in the list , shown in listing 5 , contains an additional html class: onlinerequired .	清单5中的最后的项目 , 包含了另外html类:在线需求 。
acronym for " thank god its almost friday " , word is only usually used on thursday .	" 感谢上周四 " 的神 , 词通常在周四使用 。
ed begely jr . , the 61yearold activist and actor , has been doing it for longer than any of them .	爱德·杰先生 , 61岁的活动家和演员 , 比他们更长 。
i'm tough , i'm ambitious , and i know exactly what i want . if that makes a bad woman , okay .	我很熟悉 , 我是不幸的 , 我知道我想要的 。 如果这样做坏女人 , 好吧 。
we asked relationship experts what you should discuss before getting hitched . here are 13 questions they came up with .	我们问关系专家们应该讨论你应该讨论的问题 , 这里是13个问题 。
gady epstein , beijing bureau chief for forbes , has been covering china and asia since 2002 .	北京总统福布斯 , 由2002年以来 , 中国和亚洲 。
our first stop was dongcheng , the county seat of dongguan –already an emerging force in export trade .	我们的第一站是东莞 , 东莞国家已经在出口贸易中发出的力量 。
we had legislation about the national health service passed 10 years ago and nothing has happened since .	我们在10年前 , 全国卫生服务的立法 , 没有发生过的事情 。
till now , the paper constructs a framework according to the model which root in theory and tested by practice .	目前 , 本文根据实践的模型和实践 , 建立了一种基础框架 。
the passer touches a person to let them know he needs to get through but allows his hand to linger longer than necessary .	路由者触摸一个人 , 让他们知道他需要通过 , 但是允许自己的手比必要 。
he went to her , scolded her gently for her earlier faithlessness , and assured her that her search was over .	他走到她的时候 , 把她的女孩放在她的父亲 , 保证她的搜索是过去的 。
unzip sj_tomcat . zip to the root of your tomcat installation’s webapps directory .	除非sjomcat.zip , 您的tmcat安装的根据 。
the team showed only those cells with ezh2 phosphorylated by cdk1 differentiated into bone cells .	小组只有通过cdk1分化成骨细胞的ezh2摄影相关的细胞 。
but the chinese does not recognize this fact , nor if he should do so would it diminish his sense of innate superiority .	但是 , 中国不认识这一事实 , 如果他应该做的话 , 那么他就会导致自己的感觉 。
the aim of the study was to investigate the effects of plant growth regulatorliduo was on wheat yield .	研究的目的是对小麦产量的影响 。
whenever we forget these basic truths about gifts , it always causes trouble in the church .	当我们忘记这些基本的真理时 , 我们总会引起困惑 。
in order for the world to realize the coming of maitreya , a number of conditions must be fulfilled .	为了实现马利亚的世界 , 必须充分满条件 。
doctor frank paul is an expert in glaciology from swiss federal institute of technology .	医生弗兰克·帕尔是瑞士联邦学院的专家 。
bud film contract and leaf long , lozenge or wedge , have notch shape a toothlike part of anything .	佛影片合同和叶长 , 伦敦或婚礼 , 没有形成任何东西 。
perform monitoring , inspection and quality control at inhouse and subcontractor steel fabrication and welding section .	性能监测、检查和质量控制在室内和子吸附钢制造和焊接部件 。
this invention describes a hydroxylamine benzene dismutase , its coding gene and applications .	本发明描述了一种基因和应用程序 。
close shop to try and control monetization and you can only rely on your own internal innovation machine & capital .	关闭店尝试和控制运动 , 只能依靠自己内部创新机和资本的内部创新机 。
it might be possible to get those same restrictedcalorie benefits from parttime dieting , the researchers said .	研究人员说 , 这可能会有可能从参与饮食中获得同样的限制性 。
the relief effort wasn't enough to get assembly lines restarted elsewhere , however .	然而 , 救援努力不足够地取得成员的地方 , 然而 。
address: room 201 , 4th block , ceramics research insitrute , fengxi road , chaozhou , china .	地址:房间201年 , 陶瓷研究所 , 香西路 , 中国 。
a palladium phthalocyaninepvc membrane electrode for thiocyanate ion was prepared .	制备了一种用于生长离子的生长膜电极电极 。
the stub and skeleton objects also take care of beginning and committing containermanaged transactions .	关键按钮项目也需要开始和委员会内容管理交易 。
and i will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth , blood , and fire , and pillars of smoke .	我会在地球 , 血液和火焰 , 吸烟 。
since the beginning of the new century , the beginning of the largescale introduction of this subject .	由于新世纪开始 , 新世纪开始的大规模介绍 。
he founded an authentic transaction network for famous chinese modern paintings and calligraphies in 2004 .	他在2004年创建了一个著名的中国现代绘画和书籍网络 。
communication with inotify is established through a system call . the available functions are as follows	通过系统调用系统调用 , 建立了可用函数 。
sleepwalking is one of the disturbances of consciousness that fall in the scope of psychopaths .	睡眠行为是心理范围下降的意识之一 。
a: those who entered china illegally have violated china's law . they should be handled by china according to the law .	根据法律 , 中国法律的法律 , 他们应该按照中国法律处理 。
and the blood test is reliable as early as seven weeks into the pregnancy , whereas ultrasound is not .	血液试验早于7周的早期 , 血液试验不可靠 。
psc media also increased the amount and the caliber of blood vessel in cam model in vivo .	psc媒体也增加了越来越多的血管数量和血管数量 。
now read the text , have rarely been touched , and enjoy the film , often tears in your eyes .	现在 , 阅读文本 , 很少被触摸 , 享受电影 , 通常在你的眼睛中泪 。
failing that , his wife will have a sizable dossier with evidence of infidelity to confront him with .	故事 , 他的妻子将有一个可靠的医生 , 让他与他联系 。
the key is embolic infarction is a focal change , whereas autolytic change is global and diffuse .	关键是一个关键 , 自动变化是全球变化 。
i hope shasha's classmates or friends coming abroad can read your essays if possible .	我希望莎莎莎的同学或朋友可以阅读你可能的话 。
the catv graphical components library , which this paper introduces , is just the base of the aided software .	本文介绍了aids软件基础的电视图书馆 , 仅是ids软件基础 。
but the milk is full of white blood cells that thicken and make the milk go bad more quickly .	但是 , 牛奶充满白血细胞 , 使牛奶坏得更快 。
also , cooking and edible quality were mostly determined by gca of restorers and sca of f1combinations .	另外 , 烹饪质量主要由f1结合剂和f-1结合法测定 。
the technique supports euclidean distance measure and lshift euclidean distance measure .	技术支持uclan距离测量和lhift核距离测量 。
" cerasomes were designed as a therapeutic alternative to common chemotherapeutics , " said kester .	kester说: " 随着普通化学物质的治疗方式 , " 克隆斯特说 。
the average price for gasoline was down 7 cents at $3 . 70 per gallon in the latest week .	最新的星期 , 气管平均价格下跌7.70美元 。
when her bitter ready to surrender , and found that all video clip in locked in the record has been force than the ;	当她准备的时候 , 发现 , 在记录中所有的视频块都比起来多了 ;
of course you can buy some unlocked phones right nowbut it's usually a niche way of operating . .	当然 , 你可以买一些无锁的手机 , 通常是运行的新方法 。
experiments showed the effect of metal ions on the shape , size and surface structure of lipid rafts .	实验结果表明 , 金属离子的形状、表面结构的影响 。
" if i started all from scratch in the united states , i would have spent much more time looking for funding , " jiang said .	" 如果我开始从美国开始 , 我会花费更多的时间寻找基金 , " 江说 。
if there is a neurological disparity between the genders , it could explain important behavioral differences .	如果有一个神经分离 , 那么它可以解释重要行为差异 。
objective discussing the clinic application value of dry chemistry test paper method and urine deposit mirror inspecting method .	目的探讨干燥化学试验的临床应用价值及尿病沉积镜检查方法 。
resulting assumption: i am a great employee and make a significant contribution to my team	结果:我是一个伟大的员工 , 使我的团队贡献显著贡献 。
this journal has the right to select and publish the writings and pictures published in this journal .	这个记者在这篇报告中发表了正确的写作和照片 。
articke 12 the rate leviable on the smallscale taxpayers goo ds or taxable services shall be 6% .	第12条小规模税人或税务服务应当为6% 。
the motor function in the two groups was markedly improved after treatment , especially in treatment group .	两组运动功能明显改善 , 尤其在治疗组 。
droughts spread through the subtropics , accompanied by heatwaves and intense wildfires .	用热波和强烈的野生来传播的药物 , 通过物质药物传播 。
i like a picture which john lennon and yoko ono hugging , they are like a smooth circle .	我喜欢一张照片 , 约翰·莱恩和约翰·莱恩·莱森 , 他们就像一只烟圈 。
his mop of black hair and silverrimmed glasses make him a dead ringer for harry potter .	他的黑头发和银色的玻璃使他死了哈利诗 。
a letter generally mails to americaeuropeafrica by airmail . first 20 grams is 20 yuan .	美国航空邮件的信件通常邮件 , 首先是20元 。
zakah is a portion of one's wealth that must be given to the poor or to other specified causes .	扎克是一个重要的财富 , 必须给贫穷或其他特定原因 。
so what happens almost instantaneously after the collision , the electron up here falls back down .	因此 , 在碰撞后几乎发生了几乎不稳定的事情 , 电子下跌 。
what's this ? this is what it looks like when you stand at the foot of one of the giant junipers at mount lala .	这是什么呢 ? 当你站在蒙古拉的一个巨大的犹太人群的时候 , 看起来像是什么样的 。
breathable leather interior aids in wicking moisture away from your feet so they stay healthy and dry .	可靠的皮革内部援助来自你的脚部 , 所以他们留下健康和干燥 。
she feeds the orphaned calf three to four times a day , the same amount an infant requires in a day .	她每天都感到了三次 , 同样的婴儿需要一天 。
to the best of our knowledge , brain capillary telangiectasia rarely has been previously reported by swi .	针对我国知识最好的报告 , 大脑的电脑电脑电脑电脑电脑显著被瑞典报道 。
ann: look , this news is about a post80s girl who spent 3000 yuan for her dog's birth .	安妮:看这份报告是在她的生儿3000元的女孩 。
used the er graph tool to design the system information model , and has constructed the system database physical information model .	利用erph工具设计系统信息模型 , 建立了系统数据库信息模型 。
no flooding on our way up to the land , but here and there in the mountain area are fallen branches on the road .	在我们的路上 , 没有洪水 , 但这里 , 在山区里 , 在路上 , 在路上就会下降 。
frame of manufacturing management layer and supervisory control layer network system make out subsection .	制造管理层的框架和监督控制层网络系统的框架 。
results and conclusion the present laboratory examinations do not show obvious help for the early diagnosis of bmt .	结论目前实验室检查不显著帮助bmt早期诊断 。
and the designed sensor can also be used to measure some other types of linear displacement or rotation angle .	设计的传感器也可以测量其他类型线性显示或转变角度 。
analysis about some phenomenon of using characters of bronze inscriptions in the han dynasty .	利用汉代特征的一些现象 , 分析了汉代新郎描述的现象 。
there are some different pt conditions between the west and east of the southern area to the chonglichicheng large fracture .	东南地区西部地区东部地区的一些不同的pt条件 。
schoolrunning strategy: adapt actively , advance moderately , and develop independently .	学校策略:适应现代 , 发展独立 。
the formula is therefore considered as available to the calculation of drawing force on tube sinking .	因此 , 因此 , 所以可以考虑在管道上的抽屉力计算 。
the value to set is a reference to either a java . lang . object , or a subclass thereof .	值设置是java的一个参考 , 语言 , 或一个子laclaclas 。
the national collegiate athletic association governs college sports in the united states .	美国国家大学体育协会的国家教育协会 。
" you mean the people who live in the big house next door , don't you ? " asked one of the girls .	" 你意味着那些住在大房子里的人 , 你不要问一个女孩 。 "
my husband's first coaching experience was with a juniorhighschool basketball team .	我的丈夫的第一次教练经验是一名监狱篮球队 。
objective to study the clinical features and treatment of traumatic cerebral intraventricular hemorrhage .	目的探讨急性脑梗死的临床特点及治疗 。
there are defects such as wash , blowhole , dispersed shrinkage in the butterfly type valve .	有缺陷 , 比如华盛 , 布洛霍 , 在蝴蝶类型阀中分散的闪烁 。
this amount increases each year you're here inline with inflation and subject to government regulations .	每年你在这里增加了通胀和主体对政府规则 。
the longterm causes of the cold war were fundamentally due to the ideological differences between east and west .	冷战的长期原因是东西和西方的思想差异 。
one of the downsides of antidepressant pills is that they can take a long time to work — between two and eight weeks .	其中一个抗抑郁药物之一是 , 它们可以在两周之间进行长时间工作 。
i have a great relationship with him , even after the primavera game he called me wanting to know everything about my condition .	我和他有一个伟大的关系 , 即使在阿马拉游戏之后 , 他称我想知道我的条件 。
the society of boys' centres is the main beneficiary of a scholarship & development fund set up by us .	男孩中心的社会是学者和发展基金建立的主要效益 。
in this paper , the construction management of the modern landscape greening project is analyzed in this paper .	本文对现代景观语言项目的建设管理进行了分析 。
guangzhou city people's congress , canton canton ya huang yongguang said school principals .	广州市人民国会 , 华盛顿华盛顿大学主席 。
objective :to establish a quality control of compound tetracaine hydrochloride gel newly prepared .	目的:建立复合蛋白质量控制 。
rooms divided into standard rooms , deluxe rooms , single rooms , all kinds of suites .	房间分为标准房间 , 房间 , 单房 , 各种套套套 。
objective:to investigate the bacteria infection and drug resistance state in the medical intensive care unit .	目的:探讨细菌感染和耐药状态 。
objective to investigate the absorption kinetics of ligustrazine at different intestine segments in rats .	目的探讨大鼠肠炎的吸附作用机理 。
i could smell the fresh , wonderful scent of devil's hole , the water , the moss , the laurel .	我可以闻到新鲜的 , 美丽的小学 , 水 , 摩擦 , 灯光 。
returned to south koreas ginger both smoke and willow township enjoy the two people in love time .	回到韩国的南韩两岸 , 让城镇享受爱的两人 。
so this is just the idea that the most electrons that you can have in a single orbital is two electrons .	所以 , 这只是一个单轨道中最有电子 , 是两个电子 。
forget about level surfaces , forget about standing back , and just pick up your quadrotor and throw it .	忘记了水平表面 , 忘记回来 , 只要把你的查询器扔去 。
" docking " means that adequate information sharing , mutual understanding and the parallel development of same period .	" 关键 " 意味着随着信息共享、互相理解和相同时期的发展 。
blue roses also have mythical qualities because until the japanese discovery they were impossible to grow .	蓝色玫瑰还有神秘质量 , 因为日本发现它们不可能增长 。
just before we left , the husband told me he and his wife had moved in 34 years ago , right before they got married .	在我们离开之前 , 丈夫告诉我 , 他的妻子在34年前 , 正是他们结婚之前 。
trapped in a crowd , the music is loud . i said i love my freedom too , now i'm not sure i do .	我说我太喜欢我的自由 , 现在我不肯定我做的 。
for an invention to be patentable it must not be obvious 'to one of ordinary skill in the art' .	本发明为艺术的普通技能之一 , 必须有明显的 " 普通技能 " 。
on may 5th , leonard stringfield releases and article in batavia , illinois about aliens .	在5月5日 , 《巴塔利亚》第5日发布和文章中 , 伊利诺斯关于阿利亚 。
st lucia is clearly an island on the move ; one can only hope that it will retain its unspoilt charm .	斯蒂利亚是一个岛屿 , 只有希望保留它的联邦魅力 。
please maintain clean environment , turn off cellular phone and b . b . call , prepare .	请保持清洁环境 , 转移细胞电话和b.呼吁 。
moreover , the treatment efficiency of hpac was better than which of traditional pac or aluminum sulfate .	另外 , hpac的治疗效率比传统的pac或铝酸 。
what value can songbird add if the user navigates from a music blog to cnn ? probably none .	如果用户命令从音乐博客中添加什么值 ? 可能没有 。
i was just in denmark , and it occurred to me there’s not a hint of a big gulp society there .	我只是在丹麦克 , 因此在那里 , 没有一个巨大的gulp社会 。
to deal with the increasing load of idp , it is essential to implement load balance based on cluster .	为了加强idp的负载 , 基于集群实施负载平衡的必要性 。
but in the presence of so violent a temptation , reason vanished ; nothing remained but instinct .	但是 , 在暴力的暴力中 , 原因的变化 , 原因仍然保持了 , 但昆虫 。
it is great to be here in the same time as the irish group . that gives us a new perspective about the way to work with ceramics .	同时 , 正如铁组 , 给我们一个新的观点 , 与陶瓷一起工作 。
first , service premium is a key issue of credit market with the transition from shortage economy to surplus one .	首先 , 服务预算是从短期经济转变的关键问题 。
she worry you listen , but didn t also way , then she saw the northsouth and mis blue , said later .	她担心你听说 , 但她看到北方和蓝人说 , 后来 , 她也看到了北方和米蓝 。
she saw it through a mist of fancya pale , sombre halflight , which was the essence of poetic feeling .	她看到 , 她看到了一半的笑容 , 是诗学感觉的精神 。
but change enough words , though it is only one at a time , and your thought ends up dead just the same .	但是改变足够的词 , 虽然只有一次 , 你的思想终于死亡 。
evidently two of the girls there had an altercation and one pushed the other off the wharf and into the water .	当然 , 两个女孩有一个方向 , 另一把猎物 , 进入水 。
the sunset glow floods the inlet of the river , blending with the hues on the horizon , and me .	阳光吹着河流 , 带着山脉 , 带着黄色 , 和我一起 。
one pair may not fit inside all of your shoes , so you may want separate orthotics for dress shoes or sports .	一个女孩不适合您的鞋子 , 所以你希望分离衣鞋或体育 。
he then surrendered to guards and handed over a letter , but details of his particular plight were not made known .	然后 , 他在信上处理 , 但详细地描述了他特别的插件并不知道 。
add to this ideas promulgated by religious groups in which transgressive sex is sinful even as a fantasy .	另外 , 通过宗教群体的宗教群体 , 即使是一个令人愉快的想法 。
a sponge that absorbs c02 and boosts hydrogen fuel production , said an australian researcher .	澳大利亚研究人员说 , 吸收c02和booorogen燃料生产的一项规模 。
ralph sings , norton plays " swanee river " and then " melancholy serenade " fast tempo .	拉尔ph歌曲 , 诺尔顿玩 " 甜河 "  , 然后 " 梅莱娜娜娜 " 快速温度 。
the transaction mechanism and the system will be maintained by the company , the proxy stores , retailers old sales .	交易机制和系统将由公司保持 , 代理商 , 零售商 , 零售商 。
to use the period inventory system effectively , the manager must be able to control inventory by visual inspection .	为了有效地利用周期投资系统 , 管理者必须通过视觉检查进行控制 。
but i say unto you , that it shall be more tolerable for the land of sodom in the day of judgment , than for thee .	但是我说 , 除非你 , 应该更好地为司法的土地 , 比以外 。
it's a sentiment once professed for every artist from shaun cassidy to paul mccartney .	这是一名艺术家 , 一旦教授每个艺术家都来自巴塞尔·麦卡尼 。
the cost savings are enormous , and the timetomarket for new applications or functionality is greatly improved .	新应用程序或功能性很大提高 。
out went suits in favour of the opennecked shirts that mr lafley usually sports .	拉夫先生通常运动 。
thenthe optimal driving curve under the conditions of matching and linear voltage control is derived .	在匹配和线性电压控制条件下 , 得到最佳驱动曲线 。
suddenly , huan zang could not control himself but began to laugh with his beloved wife and adorable babies .	突然 , 黄庄不能控制自己 , 但开始笑着他的妻子 , 可吸引孩子 。
i knew how hard dad worked to scrape together enough money for my accordion and lessons .	我知道 , 如何努力为我的承诺和教训一起赚足够的钱 。
get some pliers or something to hold the hinge with and hammer lightly at the hinge . do so for both hinges .	为了让某些祈祷者或有些东西 , 和哈默轻地坐在山上 。 所以 , 所以两人都恨 。
gentleness is a sharp sword . gentleness is a latent power which can let all the people submit themselves to it .	姑娘是一个悲剧的剑 , 姑娘是一个能力 , 让所有的人都把自己放到它 。
both in theory and in practice , ethics and the economy have become irreconcilable opposites .	在理论和实践中 , 经济和经济都变得不可重视的反对 。
for me it is a very dangerous if i didn't have any ready to enter for the exam , i will get a bad grade .	对于我来说 , 如果我没有任何准备进入考试 , 我会获得一个坏级 。
but the twotime academy award winner is also one of hollywood's highest profile christians .	但是 , 两项学院奖励者也是好莱坞最高的基督徒之一 。
number two , pointer dereferencing starts at the pointer and follows its arrow over to access its pointee .	数字两个 , 指针在点开始 , 并跟随它的箭头访问其指标 。
it is believed that on december 21st , 1891 , the first basketball game in history was played .	相信 , 在12月21日 , 1891年12月21日 , 第一次篮球游戏在历史上扮演 。
in the wake of the midterms , he has voiced a willingness to work with the republicans in congress .	在中方的醒来 , 他对国会的共和党人来说 , 会与共和党人共和党人一起努力 。
japan's is far greater , yet the yen has become one of the safe havens for those fleeing the dollar .	日本的安全更好 , 但日本已经成为美元的安全之一 。
the land they're squatting on has arable tracts , trees , hills to the west and natural springs .	土地的地方在西方和自然春天 。
dr . jenningswhite has published many articles on the topic of organic chemistry and perfumery .	吉宁白博士发表了很多文章 , 在有机化学和渗透剂上发表了许多文章 。
michael:paulo ? i don't believe it . i thought he worked all the timelike my brother .	迈克尔:巴罗 ? 我不相信他 , 我想他的兄弟 。
my sister has mistaken me for a mushroom . she keeps me in the dark and feeds me shit .	我的妹们已经错误我为穆什室 , 她保持我黑暗和感觉我 。
cardinal rosales praised the life of the “extraordinary” saint . “this is his home town .	卡尔罗斯在 " 边界 " 圣 " 的生命 。 " 这是他的家乡 。
" it's only the malicious guys who have to worry about what happens once they submit a result , " livshits says .	利福特说: " 这只是那些必须担心这些事情 , 他们会提交结果的巨大家伙 。 "
they made their way to the secondfloor store room , broke down the door and dressed themselves in officers' uniforms .	他们把他们的第二层商店房 , 带下门 , 把自己在办公室的平台上 。
the method of ontology merging based on fca can overcome the drawbacks of the traditional ontology merging methods .	基于fca的方法可以通过传统对传统对象编辑方法进行综述 。
hplc method for the determination of larginine in cefepime hydrochloride for injection was established .	建立了大量注射液注射液的hplc测定方法 。
software process engineering metamodel is the standard specification that formally describes the software development processes .	软件工程元素el是正式描述软件开发过程的标准规范 。
for experience discussion of , the article introduces the thinking of a large number of preqin confucianism and taoism .	文章介绍了大量前秦儒学思想的大量思考 。
returning to the familiar kitchen he slides a knife along his letters , slitting out their folded information .	回到熟悉的厨房里 , 他从他的信里放下了刀刀 , 慢慢地把他们的折叠信息 。
then the people of the land killed all who had plotted against king amon , and they made josiah his son king in his place .	然后 , 土地杀死了所有的人 , 他们在他地方的儿子王 。
ulta , another retail chain , was among the first to put mass and prestige offerings on the same selling floor .	另一个零售链之一 , 是第一次放大量 , 同样的销售流动 。
daguerre did not need to make money from the invention to live , since he had been pensioned by the french government .	大卫不需要赚钱 , 因为他被法国政府推出的法国政府 。
how can you tell people that eating the filets of a shark is fine , but eating the fins of that very same animal is not fine ?	你怎么能告诉人们吃一只鲨鱼的文件 , 但吃这只动物的最后一样的动物吗 ?
for sensing air temperature under heavy loading appliances such as fan heater , hot air tunnel ...etc...	对于高负荷的传感空气温度 , 比如温暖器 , 热气隧道...
when power converters operate at boost mode , the lowvoltage side battery will discharge and provide power for dclink ;	当电源转换器在波动模式运行时 , 低压电池将发电 , 为dclink提供电力 ;
its downfall occurred in 1256 as a result of the expansion of the mongol empire into iran and syria .	它的下面发生在1256年 , 由于蒙古帝国和叙利亚的扩张 。
this paper has established a bistable region diagram and a boundary diagram of the failure to attenuating vibration .	本文建立了一种可靠的区域图和边界图案 , 参考振动的边界图案 。
the contextual linkages of records should carry the information needed for an understanding of the transactions that created and used them .	记录的文本链接应该为创建和使用它们创建的理解交流提供信息 。
in this hot summer , let your computer desktop has become full of fantasy , full of temptation to it !	在这个热点夏天 , 让你的电脑桌面变得充分愉快 , 充分尝试它 !
micro electro mechanical systems multigranularity macromodeling nonstandard structure model order reduction ;	微电子机械系统多重宏观非标准结构秩序降低 ;
aim to investigate the chemical constituents of the rhizomes of anemarrhena asphodeloides bunge .	目的探讨亚氏菌菌的化学成分 。
" before it happened i loved school , i loved everything about it , " redding , now 19 , said on cnn television .	" 在我喜欢学校之前 , 我喜欢每一件事 , " 红色电视说 。
the space is dotted with various types of houses and tradesman 's workshops with their messy yards .	空间由各类房子和贸易人员的工作闪烁而成 。
we also learnt about some local fauna including a toad in the family bufonidae which is toxic if eaten .	我们还学习一些当地的农场 , 包括一个在家庭bufonida , 如果吃的话 , 我们就会学习 。
but therein lies a danger the danger of assuming that tangible , quantifiablethings are all there is to an impasse .	但是 , 在这里 , 有一个危险的危险 , 质量化的东西都有一个不可避免的东西 。
the construction theorem of regular semigroups with orthodox transversals was given by a simpler formal set .	通过简单的形式设置 , 给出了常规半交换器的结构理论 。
qualitatively analyze the existing problem of the antenna height scanning for the eut with radiating characteristicsin the measurement method .	定量分析了aatna高扫描的存在的问题 , 为辐射特征的测量方法 。
but we must remind our comrades that they must truly follow the spirit of the " may 7th directive " .	但是我们必须提醒我们的悲剧 , 他们必须遵循 " 5月7日直接 " 的精神 。
young bloods are full of ambition and pride once they have collected their first trophy the skull of their kill .	年轻的血液充满成员和价格 , 他们首先收集他们的杀手 。
tumbling this price positions significantly increase potential null layout has been positive .	模拟这种价格位置显著增加潜在的nlllayout的潜在增加 。
the result testified the difference of antiinfection for nematodirus spp between poll dorset and mongolian sheep .	结果表明 , 聚糖和蒙古羊之间的抗感染差异 。
" beyond the mountain's olive tree " , " little river up " , " village crossing " and others .	" 山 " 的老树 " , " 小河 "  , " 村子交叉 " 和其他 。
in a video image from new zealand's tvnz , men carry a wounded man after he is pulled from the rubble .	在新西兰电视台的影片中 , 男子在他从橡胶中追踪了一名女子 。
in 1990 hazen took on a second position , as professor of earth science at george mason university .	1990年 , 在乔治逊大学的地球科学教授 。
ozark's turkey farmers are not immune to the issues that are hurting farm communities everywhere .	奥兹卡的农民并不免费免疫到农业的问题 。
the alien seeds thus took roots , sprouted and grew into such big plantain trees on top of other trees .	由于其它树顶的大规划树 。
“the volksparteien are coming to an end , ” says peter l&ouml ; sche , a political scientist .	一个政治科学家的政治科学家 。
sediment samples collected from seven stations in xiamen western harbour were processed qualitatively and quantitatively .	小溪西部七站的沉积样本加工了质量和定量 。
both succumbed to the temptations of drink and women , and had uneasy relations with the critics and the press .	两者都结合饮料和女性的尝试 , 与批评家和压力的关系 。
dashboard receives contextual information from the focused application and uses it to query a selection of backend stores .	大卫板接受集中应用程序的下文信息 , 使用它查询一个后端存储的选择 。
agv grandbase system is a set of software to control and manage many agvs to accomplish many material transit tasks .	gvgandbase系统是一种软件控制和管理许多材料传输任务的软件来完成多材料传输任务 。
as the first chapter of book five begins , there is a drought in surrey which has prompted a hosepipe ban .	作为本书五章的第一章 , 有一个药物 , 这些药物已经推出了一个希望的ban 。
with convenient transportation:it's 220km from shanghai , 65km from hangzhou , 290km from ningbo .	上海220公里 , 65公里的杭州 , 290公里 。
when the swiss author robert walser created a portrait of a poet , he actually wrote a selfportrait .	当瑞士作家罗伯特·沃尔特创造了一个诗歌的时候 , 他实际上写了一个自我的肖像 。
everything you have thought , said , and done makes up the kind of person you are now , and also contains the seeds of your future .	所有的事情都有思考 , 说 , 现在 , 还包含了你未来的种子 。
one terrorist nuke , assembled from stray exsoviet fissile material , can ruin your whole day .	一个恐怖主义nuke , 由straysovievisile材料组成的恐怖学家nuke , 可以在整天运行你的整天 。
afternoon listening to two friends talk about the past , think of " the dream into reality . " this paragraph of word .	下午听过两个朋友谈话 , 想 " 梦想真实 " 的梦想 。
the nature and characters of operations research , the knowledge system , the developing history , applications , functions in the business decisions .	业务决策的自然性和特点 , 开发历史、应用程序、功能等 。
" i'm a vampire , and i've been alive for over 500 years , " bensley said , according to erickson .	" 我是一个疫苗 , 我已经在超过500年 , " 贝利说 , " 据埃里森说 。
so does theresa may , who is under pressure to cut police numbers as a result of the austerity programme .	因此 , 奥萨可能是在压力削减警察数量的原因 。
well it came when elijah , the amazing prophet of the one and only god picked me to be a prophet like him after he died .	当他死后的时候 , 只有上帝把我看起来 , 就像他死了 。
attending his reading , he said , were large numbers of hispanic people , 40 , 000 of whom lived in the same city .	他说 , 参加他的阅读 , 在同一个城市生活的40万人 。
in order to make sure , i think you should have a threeglass urine test made as well as an examination of the prostatic secretion .	为了确定 , 我觉得你应该有三层涡轮测试 , 以及测试安装部的检查 。
the school has minhang , yangpu two main campus , is now actively strive to build a new campus port .	学校拥有一座新校园 , 杨浦两座主要校园 , 现在在建立一个新的校园 。
the company has cable research institute with powerful technical strength and domestic advanced product r&d capability .	本公司拥有强大的技术强度和国内先进产品r&d能力 。
wang condensation cold that lost touch with organizations , the white sea angel dumpling also admitted his revenge .	王突然冷却 , 失去组织 , 白海也承认他的收入 。
therefore , it is critical that governments place investing in immunization high on their national health agendas .	因此 , 政府在民族卫生机构投资高等国家卫生机构投资的关键 。
this paper presents the principle and methods for design and calculation of the deviationmeasuring mechanism of the inclinometer .	文章介绍了其设计原理及计算机理 。
under the influence of welfare pluralism , community care has become one of main strategies of coping the problem .	在自我扩大多元化的影响下 , 社区职业的影响已经成为复制问题的主要战略之一 。
i actually jogged every day when i was in jail , and i took shower with cold water no matter if it was snowing oring .	实际上 , 我每天都喜欢在杰利时 , 我用冷水的水 , 无论如果它睡着或唱 。
richclient documents can be saved to a persistent medium as new documents or as part of the data from which they originated .	丰富的文档可以保存到一个持久的媒体 , 或者是他们开始的数据的一部分 。
the chemical deburring solution features good stability , long service life and lower roughness of the treated steel surface .	化学解决方案具有良好的稳定性 , 服务寿命和低粗度 。
he is supported by 4 junior ministers with specific responsibilites , who are also elected politicians .	他支持了4名司法部长 , 他们也选了政治家 。
housing activists and scholars said this electionyear bill will ease , but not end , the housing crisis .	家庭活动家和学者说 , 这个选举的比例会轻松 , 但不会结束 , 房子危机 。
jillian's goal is to capture the best portrait she can within that timeframe and your job is to assist her in doing so .	吉利亚的目标是为了帮助她做最好的支持 。
mr evans says that from now on immigration will play a bigger role in the “structure of australia’s workforce” .	埃及先生说 , 从现在的移民将在澳大利亚工作的 " 结构中扮演大角色 " 。
it is a very sobering responsibility to know that you are preparing for the future , china's next generation of leaders .	这是一个非常令人愉快的责任 , 知道你在未来的准备 , 中国的下一代领袖 。
this loss embitters humans , and they have a warlike view of diplomacy — swing first , ask questions later .	这个损失人类 , 他们有一个战争观点-第一次打开问题 , 问问问题 。
core plate strengthening soft soil base is with the characteristics of rapid speed , better effect and easy construction .	核心板加强软土基础具有快速速速、更好的效果和易于建设的特点 。
for example , mindtree consulting was founded 1999 in anticipation of the very threats that have now materialised .	例如 , 心理咨询已经建立了1999年的治疗 。
it is 50 times bigger than the original one and covers 240 sqm the equivalent area of 22 london buses .	它比原始的一个和cococo240m的相同区域 。
but god not only forgives the past , he clothes you in righteousness as though you had never committed a sin .	但上帝不仅承认过去 , 他在正确的时候 , 尽管你从来没有承认罪 。
watching people cling to6 each other , crying , and holding each other in that last embrace makes me appreciate what i have even more .	观察人每个人在这里看到6个人 , 哭泣 , 让我欣赏我更多的东西 。
delayed coke is a quite mature processing technic , and it is looked as an ordinary means of deepprocess .	延迟煤是一项非常成熟的工艺 , 看起来是一个普通的方法 。
at the peak of the housing boom in 2005 , sales of both existing and new homes were running at twice the 1976 rate .	在2005年房子的峰值下 , 2005年的房子销售和新家庭在1976年运行 。
methods: 6 sb patients and 8 normal persons were monitored with polysomnography during the whole night .	方法:全晚检查6例患者和8例正常患者 。
and her boys , were they getting on well at belvedere ? was that so ? father conmee was very glad indeed to hear that .	她的男孩 , 他们在水平上走了好吗 ? 父亲对此来说是非常高兴的 。
nonmedical use of prescription drugs was also more common in the 5059 age group than in the 60andover age group .	在60岁的年龄组中 , 非正常使用药物也比5059岁以上更常见 。
the distinguished chinese guests , it is certainly in the fundamental interest of our people to trade and be friend with chinese people .	中国客户 , 在我们人民的基础兴趣和朋友的基础兴趣 。
we can also guess that such a toothbrush may hurt the man’s teeth as well as his mood , inconveniencing him greatly .	我们也可以猜测这样的牙齿 , 还会伤害他的牙齿和他的嘴部 , 使他很好 。
but an overconfident lee thought that , having reinforced both flanks , meade would be weak in the center .	但是 , 一个不信心的学习思想 , 加强了两个银行 , 代码会减少中心 。
vanilla , being the most popular flavor , was in a separate case at the front of the store for quick pickup .	瓦伦亚 , 作为最流行的火焰 , 在商店前面 , 是一个独立的例子 。
women over thirty and/or women who are divorced have an almost leperlike status in chinese dating culture .	三十岁的女性在中国大学文化中 , 女性在中国女性的女性几乎在中国舞蹈文化 。
people familiar with these moors often miss their road on such evenings ; and i can tell you there is no chance of a change at present .	人们熟悉这些母亲通常会错过这样的晚上 , 我告诉你现在没有机会改变 。
sexy tianjin is a new shellfish tv show about love , lust , youth culture and street life in china's city .	性天津是我国青年文化和街道生活的新型羊毛电视节目 。
and then i heard the news on tv screen , the death roll is now 21 , 000 and over 100 , 000 injured .	然后我听到电视屏上的消息 , 死滚现在21 , 000人伤害 。
experimental results showed that eg inserted into the cellar char with a " worm " like structure after it was expanded .	实验结果表明 , 在扩展后 , eg加入细胞查询器的 " 伤害 " 等结构 。
insincere answer could be more natural just as the versatile golf player waves his arms at pleasure .	自然答案可以更加自然 , 高尔球员在快乐上浪费他的军队 。
other kinds of corn have less water and do not pop . when you heat a seed of corn , the water inside makes the corn explode .	另一类玉米的水量低 , 没有锅 。 当你热量的玉米 , 水里的水量使玉米开发 。
chemical in red wine , fruits and vegetables stops cancer , heart disease , depending on the dose	红酒、水果和蔬菜停止癌症 , 心脏病 , 依赖剂量 。
i had never realized i could spend so much before i got going on this adventure , now i have to live on my credit card for a while .	我从来没有意识到 , 现在我已经在这次冒险之前 , 现在我必须住在我的信用卡 。
are the responsibilities of each committee clearly defined ? do these definitions meet the needs of the district ?	是每个委员会的责任吗 ? 这些定义会满足区的需求 ?
one application the researchers envision for the camera is flow cytometry , a technique used for blood analysis .	研究人员在血液分析中的应用是流动循环 , 用于血液分析 。
he had promised , he said , to “maintain the confidence and preserve inviolate” the secrets of his client .	他曾承诺 , 他说: " 维持信心和保持他的客户的秘诀 " 。
in the paper the structure of dnb was introduced , and the theory of negative high voltage power supply was stressed .	介绍了dnb的结构 , 提出了负电源供电力的负电源理论 。
but how to standard conduct neuropsychological assess scale of pocd is no consensus currently .	但是如何标准产生神经学评价范围的标准是目前尚未考虑的 。
every time i ask her for advice , she is always ready to help , and explains to my full satisfaction .	每次我要求她的建议 , 她总是准备帮助 , 并解释我完全满意 。
this versatile dual scanner has two pairs of output lines which makes it suitable for a wide variety of uses .	这种双扫描器具有两种输出线 , 使其适合广泛的使用 。
if you treat bschool like an amazing educational experience , chances are you'll get a lot out of it .	如果你治疗教育经验 , 那么机会就会出现很多 。
britain withdrew an invitation to the ambassador from syria over violence against protesters there .	英国的邀请来自叙利亚的暴力保护者 。
i retorted angrily: “their vocal cord sounds as if it was kissed by god , without any hurt . ”	我回忆起来: " 第三角角声音 , 就像上帝 , 没有任何伤害 。 "
but subsequently they had quarrels and combats with the natives , of whom they killed a considerable number .	然而 , 随后 , 他们杀死了一个可考数的数字 。
the research study was thoroughly developed in the guiyang senior high school and obtained the remarkable result .	本研究在广阳高中开发的研究 , 获得了显著的结果 。
he got petya transferred from obolensky's regiment to bezuhov's , which was in formation near moscow .	他从奥伦斯基的政权转移到贝齐霍夫 , 这是在莫斯科附近形成的 。
strengthen intelligenceled operations , including the use of strategic undercover and covert operations .	加强智能操作 , 包括使用战略背景和覆盖操作 。
the second part is an introduction of the background of the english schoolbased curriculum development in our school .	第二部分是我校的英语课程发展背景 。
the dream is to be inmorpheuswhen , a few not by complete lowkey coriaceous cell group working place causes .	梦想是不能完整低关键细胞组工作的原因 。
the chinese premier also visited the luanda general hospital , a social welfare project funded by china .	中国总理也访问了罗沙亚医院 , 中国社会福利项目基金的社会福利项目 。
another example is changing the location of a table space container , which can also be done using backup and restore .	另外一个例子可以改变表空间内容器的位置 , 还可以使用背景和恢复 。
he believed that , without causing damage to the mansion of business name brand , but will enhance their clout .	他相信 , 没有导致商业名牌管理的损害 , 但将增强他们的切割 。
mercator's world is a bimonthly magazine on the exploration , discovery , and mapping of earth and space .	在探索、发现、地球和空间映射的地球和地球 。
the euricase will run you $198 . 95 and transferring video and images is done by usb from your computer .	欧洲电脑将运行198.95美元的视频和图像 。
an investigation of foraminifera was conducted in the last glacial loess along the coast of the bohai sea .	上海沿海沿海沿海沿海沿海海海海海海岸的调查 。
tests are similar to recent actual gres in length , question types , and degree of difficulty .	测试类似于最近的实际格式 , 问题类型和程度相似 。
the paper compares the economical efficiency of the vrv heat pump air condition system to the traditional heating systems .	比较了传统热系统的经济效率 。
the film is an american version of a two thousand eight french thriller called " pour elle . "	影片是一个美国版本的美国版本 , 叫做 " 诗歌 " 。
20 the lampstands of pure gold with their lamps , to burn in front of the inner sanctuary as prescribed ;	20层纯金的灯光 , 烧在内部圣经纪念碑之前 ;
there were many taoist sects in the t'ang dynasty , in which , the shangqing sect had the most important influence .	唐代的 " 唐代 " 有很多任务部门 , 上清选择最重要的影响 。
the development of commodity economy has given birth to the popular of christmas and other foreignfestival .	商品经济的发展已给基督和其他外国人生的生长 。
xu song in " a little knowledge of xinjiang " in the show every side of the ideological governance .	徐宋在 " 新疆 " 的一个小知识 , 展示了思想治的每个方面的思想治 。
the date of the first soaking rain in spring sowing period of liaoning province is of obvious inter decadal characteristics .	辽宁省第一次降雨时间是明显的内部特征 。
all ssaa inc . instructors have attained the certificate 4 in workplace training and assessment .	所有的工程训练和评估人员都安装了4项证书 。
" we could have given this money to the people in the camps in darfur , to the vaccine for aids , " ibrahim said .	" 我们可以把这笔钱放到达尔夫人 , 向艾滋病的疫苗 , " ibrahim说 。
see , us thumbslummers and boxjumpers , we get a little puckish when it comes to cars , you know ?	看来 , 我们的数量商和盒子 , 我们在卡车时得到了一个小惩罚 , 你知道吗 ?
who can know that your eyelids have not been touched with lampblack ? for your eyes are darker than rainclouds .	谁能知道你的眼睛并没有与拉拉拉布拉克 ? 因为你的眼睛比雨云更黑 。
and in the middle , you have a large number of " maybes " who seem like they might just be able to contribute something .	在中间 , 你有大量的 " 可能 " 的人似乎只能为他们贡献一些东西 。
is a change in the database manager or database configuration the reason for a bottleneck , such as a sort overflow ?	是数据库管理器或数据库配置的改变 , 例如rtflow ?
objective: to investigate the risk of cerebral infarction of patients with type 2 diabetes and control methods .	目的:探讨2型糖尿病患者脑梗死的危险 。
as soups in this cookbook are mildly nutritious , they are , therefore , suitable to be consumed all the year round .	因此 , 在这本书中 , 由此 , 适合每年都消费 。
resultsthe gestational age at delivery and birthweight were significantly smaller in severe group than that in mild one .	结果 , 交换和生长重量显著较小 。
president bush has chosen a cubanborn business executive to be his new secretary of commerce .	布什总统开放了一个公众商务执行 , 是他的新秘诀 。
although it's bad that i couldn't have rice as my lunch , i could still get by with those noodles and dumplings .	虽然我不能作为我的午餐 , 但我还能用这些鼻子和放松 。
last july , bpp was given degreeawarding powers , which meant it was allowed to call itself a university college .	去年7月 , bpp已经给予了德华权力 , 这意味着它能够称为大学大学大学毕业 。
i published my first chinese article in 1979 , but writing in earnest did not begin until the fall of 1983 .	我在1979年发表了我第一篇中国文章 , 但在1983年早期的写作并没有开始 。
when you can take a step back and begin to understand why things are happening , you can look for the positive aftermath .	当你可以做一个步骤 , 开始了解为什么发生的事情 , 你可以寻找正确的后代 。
this means you have to fight if you want to stay skilled , and gives less incentive to rest while your fiefs give income .	这意味着你想要保持技能 , 并给你留下的时间 , 同时你的财政给收入 。
rose of silver up the home , but in order to travel , therefore with guodong no instant returned to jiaming ;	为了旅游 , 为了旅游 , 因此 , 无法返回嘉明 ;
new standards in various industries , including healthcare , have prompted development of xmlenabled applications .	各种工业的新标准 , 包括健康的新标准 , 促进了xm可编程的发展 。
if you've made a serious mistake , if you've hurted others or yourself , it's of no use to feel guilty .	如果你有很严重的错误 , 如果你伤害其他人或者你自己 , 那就没有用来感觉安全 。
a host or service is determined to have stopped flapping when its percent state goes below a low flapping threshold .	一个主机或服务决定在下面的低冲击阈值下停止冲击 。
the variable coefficients , the solution itself and its normal flux may be discontinuous across the interface .	可变系数 , 解决自身和正常流动的解决方案 , 可能会在接口分散 。
aim to investigate the in vitro and in vivo stability of 9nitrocamptothecin lactone form in rat plasma .	目的探讨大鼠血浆中9nicctct形成的病毒稳定性 。
it should send parents — and pediatricians , educators and psychologists — looking for ways to help .	它应该发送父母 , 教育者和心理学家 , 寻找帮助 。
at the first outset , heavy , miry ground and a matted , marish vegetation , greatly delayed our progress ;	在第一次出现 , 迈里地面和马里植物 , 大延迟我们的进步 ;
dado: in classical architecture , the plain portion of the pedestal of a column , between the base and the cornice .	爸爸:在经典建筑中 , 基地之间 , 基地和角度之间的平面部分 。
shahin was a mechanic , this was his workshop , and there was a tattered mattress inside a tiny room at the back .	上华是一个机械 , 这是他的工作shop , 在后面的小房间里有一个更好的匹配 。
chang an received the news , not only did not escape , but wearing a suit , ready to rescue their parents .	长一次接受新闻 , 不仅没有逃避 , 但准备重新救父母 。
he captures the shantytowns where a billion people live now , and where three billion are expected to be living by 2050 .	他现在有百万人住在那里 , 三百万人都希望生活在2050年 。
some counties in midwest america have declared a state of emergency due to rainstorms and tornadoes .	由于雨林和托纳多州 , 美国的一些国家已经宣布 , 由于雨水库 。
gossip: spotted nate archibald learning you don't know a good thing till it's gone and found someone else .	上帝:发言娜·阿巴德学习你不知道这是一个很好的东西 , 找到其他人 。
conclusion lidocaine combined with dexamethasone could prevent the phlebitis caused by doctaxol .	结论:与德克斯沙酮相结合 , 可防止药物毒性引起的手机 。
two people wake up , suddenly see jun with spring flowers and adopted by who came and said to search for bingyin .	两人醒来 , 突然看到春花 , 通过那些来寻找生物 。
she muttered nonsense , silent moon shed a soft light , projected on the ground out of a circle .	她突然不奇怪 , 沉默的月亮 , 投影在圆形的地面 。
leaders , distinguished guests , ladies and gentlemen , all the employees of jinghua , good afternoon !	领导人 , 尊敬顾客 , 老婆 , 女人 , 一切雇员jhua , 后午 !
the typical lijiang spruce forest is hardly to see in the lashihai region because of the human's impact on it .	典型的林林林林林林林林林林林林林林 , 由于人类的影响 。
in fact , burros in the wild are related to pack animals that ran away or were freed by gold miners and others .	事实上 , 在野外的动物中 , 由金部长和其他人免费 。
archeologists surmise that the gardens were laid out atop a vaulted building , with provisions for raising water .	阿切斯学家确认 , 花园在建筑物 , 随着提高水 。
will the arctic be a 21st century sarajevo , triggering a major war over energy resources ?	本论文将是一个21世纪的萨拉夫 , 在能源资源的主要战争 ?
yueyue’s unexpected death has revived a fierce international debate over good samaritan laws .	耶鲁的死亡预期已达到了良好的萨玛利法律的火灾国际债务 。
the principle , manufacture and application of periodically poled lithium niobate are introduced in detail .	详细介绍了周期污染的原理、制造和应用 。
overcome by grief and dementia , leoric had many of the townsfolk executed for the crime of high treason .	由于法律和德里亚 , 学者对高原犯罪犯犯的许多城镇执行了很多城镇 。
result the membrane filtration avoided interference of media by using isopropyl myristate as solvent .	因此 , 膜熔融避免使用溶剂作为溶剂的溶剂的相互作用 。
in1893 , at the age of 27 , he reports on an illumination method he has devised for photomicrography .	在27岁的时候 , 他报道了一篇照片方法 , 他对照片进行详细的描述 。
thereby the significance of these poems to her was made very clear , and readers may benefit from her experiences .	在她的经验中 , 这些诗歌的意义是非常清晰的 , 读者可以从她的经验中获益 。
the making home affordable program aims to prevent up to 4 , 000 , 000foreclosureforeclosures .	制造家可靠的计划旨在防止到40000万辆汽车压力 。
in fact , gaseous velocity and pressure in a cross section change in radial and circumferential direction .	事实上 , 在传统和循环方程中 , 气速和压力变化 。
therefore , if you spend 2 hours in classroom training and evaluation , each student would earn 0 . 2 ceu .	因此 , 如果你在学校训练和评价 , 每个学生都会赚0.2个小时 。
accurate dft studies of the static dipole polarizabilities of anthracene and phenanthrene were reported .	报道 , 准确的研究 , 报告了甲烷和苯乙烯的稳态聚合物 。
next he put eggs in a pan of water on the stove . eggsalad sandwiches were bear's favorite .	接下来 , 他把蛋糕放在水里 , 蛋糕的砂轮是熊最喜欢的 。
the results show that the large margin is obtained in guangdong nuclear power plant with 18months fuel cycle .	结果表明 , 广东核电站18个月燃料周期的大规模获得了广东核电站 。
in laboratory tests , they found that a lectin called banlec was as potent as two current hiv drugs .	在实验室试验中 , 他们发现 , 一个叫blec作为两个电流hiv药物 。
the 400 im not only requires strength and speed in all four strokes , but also tremendous endurance .	这个400im不仅需要强度和速度 , 而且也是极端的保险 。
" when the exslave has fixed his thumbprint to this public document , " pandit says , " they can't go back .	" 当这份公共文档时 , " 帕特说 , " 他们不能回来 。 "
everybody can see that he is a class player . he is so different . i cannot find any other striker that looks like him or plays like him .	每个人都可以看到他是一个类玩家 , 他是不同的 。 我不能找到他看起来像他一样喜欢他 。
the researchers said their findings could also apply to those who claim they rely on a morning cup of tea to get their brains going。	研究人员说 , 他们的发现也可以适用于他们的早晨杯茶 。
" look no one's going to come and give you food or water , " said the man . " god will provide for me , " was the only answer .	" 看不人会来 , 给你吃水或水 , " 上帝会为我提供的答案 。 "
overeating won't increase your depression , but gaining weight will . you need to fit into your job interview suit .	过度不会增加你的抑郁 , 但是加重 , 你需要适合您的工作采访 。
after the iss got the internet , he started posting twitpics from space , earning a loyal following .	在互联网之后 , 他开始从太空中拍摄 , 赚一个忠实的贷款 。
ah mui also said , on the other day she just wanted to say what she thinks about the whole thing , without any intention to fight .	另一天 , 她想要说她对整个事情的思考 , 没有任何注意力 。
materials and methods: the model of transplanted tumor was made by vaccination of hepatoma h22 in the right axilla .	通过正确的aaaxaaaaxa对血浆h22的疫苗模型进行了研究 。
at least i got the senate to pass it late , so i could veto it after they went home and they couldn’t override it .	至少我到了晚些时候 , 所以我可以把它放在家里 , 它们不能把它放在这里 。
in this paper , we determined and compared the strength limits of mandible , ilium , skull and rib .	本文对人类的强度、ilium、kull和rib进行了测定和比较 , 比较了人类的强度限制 。
koth's species has been established as a zabrak , making him of the same alien species as the deadly darth maul .	韩国的种子被建立为zabrak , 使他同样的黑色物种是死亡的 。
with the extensive use of the hv ic , the design of hlv compatible integrated circuits have become more and more important .	随着hvic的扩展使用 , hlv综合电路的设计已经越来越重要 。
dam type power device: to be mainly fixed on the shore for providing electric power to factories , houses and others on shore .	大坝类型电力设备:主要用于供电源工厂、家庭等设备 。
the 21yearold denmark international is widely regarded as one of the brightest defensive prospects in europe .	欧洲21岁的丹麦国际关系广泛被视为欧洲最大的防御前景之一 。
the women , who were a median age of 35 years old at diagnosis , were observed for 17 , 408 personyears .	妇女是35岁的诊断年龄 , 观察了17岁 , 408个人 。
the midfielder's departure from bayern munich has already been confirmed and he will be leaving on a bosman transfer .	中场的部门已经确认 , 他将留在一个博客转会上 。
fascinating creatures , phoenixes . they can carry immensely heavy loads . their tears have healing powers .	面对生物 , 凤凰 , 它们可以尽量重载 , 它们的泪水有健康的力量 。
in such a case , the organization could use a simple progress checklist to exercise control over the mechanisms and initiatives .	在这样的情况下 , 组织可以使用简单的进步检查机制和机构运行控制 。
handcrafted in england of wood and fiberglass , the oval shaped interior measures just over 6 ft . in diameter .	在伍德和菲格拉的英格兰 , 奥运会只有6英尺的内部措施 。
knowledge capital is the generic name of all invisible capitals in hospital at era of knowledgedriven economy .	知识资本是医院知识经济时代知识资本的一般名称 。
the royal melbourne philharmonic has many reasons to celebrate . and it shared the celebration with the audience .	皇家梅尔伯尔·莫尔蒙有很多原因 , 共享着观众的庆祝 。
in the uae , shah rukh has endorsed du , the country's second telecom operator other than etisalat .	在英国第二次电信运营商中 , 上帝已经结束了 。
the forwardosmosis membranes only release fresh water into the ocean , and don't permit salty water to contaminate the bags .	前血化学成员仅释放新鲜水 , 并不允许alty水维持bag 。
we would have welcomed more help from our city council – that never ­happened , which is why we pursued kirkby .	我们将欢迎更多的帮助我们的城市委员会 , 这是为什么我们追求kkkkky 。
say you've got a limited wage budget and a maximum of 5k a week , yet the player you want is demanding 7k .	说你已经有限的wage预算和最大5k , 但是你想要的球员是要求7k 。
bloodsurge: now has a chance to trigger from any hit with heroic strike , bloodthirst , or whirlwind .	血清:现在有一个机会来自任何心脏病 , 血液 , 或wilind的机会 。
an efficient numerical method is proposed for calculation of the first crossing reliability of non stationary process linear combination .	提出了一种基于统计过程的第一跨连接可靠性的数值计算方法 。
as regard to marketing channels , the project shall adopt the authorized sales agent model to improve efficiency .	作为市场渠道 , 项目应采用权化代理模型 , 以提高效率 。
some farmers fear , however , that crosspollination could create lowerquality hybrid plants and lead to economic losses .	然而 , 有些农民担心 , 交叉反应可以创造低质量的混合植物 , 导致经济损失 。
the researchers learned that feathers of different shapes and sizes resulted in different frequencies with different harmonic structures .	研究人员学习不同的形状和不同频率不同频率的空气 , 导致不同频率的差异 。
objective to study the effect of retrograde intramedullary nail for the supracondylar and intercondylar fracture of the distal femur .	目的探讨急性腹腔狭窄的影响 , 探讨腹腔内骨折的影响 。
the tool is fitted with a progressive throttle action , which allows a low speed with a small throttle opening .	工具适合一个进步的螺旋行动 , 使低速开关 。
the pid control adopted the location algorithm , and restricted the extent of control quantity and integral increase quantity .	采用位置算法 , 限制了控制量和集成量的存在 。
pseudophase liquid chromatographyfor the separation of ionizable and strong polar organic compounds was developed .	研制了可溶性和强有机化合物 , 研制了伪相色谱法 。
mercure suzhou park hotel & suites is the ideal choice for your meeting or social occasion in suzhou .	在苏州的会议或社会场所选择的理想选择是你会议或社会场所的理想选择 。
the anatomic characteristics of the anterior communicating arterial fenestration were observed under the operating microscope .	运行微镜观察了反交通性能的特点 。
scissor cuts a flower to want to use sharp knife , need not shears , with early morning or dusk advisable .	扫描器切断一个流动 , 要使用沙普刀 , 不要穿早晨或尘埃可避免 。
in procedure aspect , argumentation from coherence needs an equal debate and dialogue among judge , party and other attendee .	在程序方面 , 从核心的论文需要对法官、党和其他参与对话的讨论和对话 。
forget about spending christmas eve watching a movie alone or the holiday vacation reading a 1200page book .	忘记花费基督书 , 看电影 , 或假期变量阅读1200页的书 。
terry lundgren is chief executive of macy's , the company that owns macy's and bloomingdales department store .	terrylundre是macy的首席执行官 , 公司拥有macy和bloomda部门 。
very possibly , whatever surprises you will occur in a group situation like a class , conference , convention or meeting .	很可能 , 你会在一个类、会议、会议、会议、会议、会议、会议或会议中发生什么样的价格 。
we generally trust our capacity to manage ourselves , but we do not trust the capacity of others to manage themselves .	我们一般信任我们自己的能力 , 但我们不信任其他人来管理自己的能力 。
vietnamese deputy foreign minister pham binh minh calls the talks , which ended monday , productive .	越南外交部长binh呼吁周一结束 , 生产力 。
invoke loud you heart trouble ... follow the rhythm ... zedoary their hair together nerve ... !	邀请你听到麻烦...遵循他们的头发...
the key points of the operation and the stripping methods and effects of the defective chromium deposit were introduced .	介绍了缺陷染色体缺陷染色体缺陷的关键和影响 。
if modulus matches the sign of the denominator , then the result of division truncates toward minus infinity .	如果模块匹配了决策者的信号 , 然后将分类信任转向终点 。
objective to study the effect of nasolacrimal duct reconstruction for refractory congenital dacryocystitis with ktp laser .	目的探讨鼻窦损伤的疗效 。
you have a single messaging engine that gets created automatically when you add the cluster as a member of the si bus .	当您添加si业成员时 , 可以自动创建自动化的消息引擎 。
a flat surface will block the wind flow and also create a dead water region to trap the bug before it is squashed .	平面将阻碍风流 , 同时也创造了深水区 , 在它平方方向前 , 就会停止燃烧 。
the report finds the united states continued to be the main country of destination for asylum seekers of all nationalities in 2008 .	报告发现 , 美国继续是2008年全国的所有国家 , 美国的主要国家 。
any number of response text documents can have their rich or plain text body field appended to an email message .	任何响应文本文本文档都可以拥有他们的丰富或pintt文件 , 适用于电子邮件消息 。
murrieta boasts an educated , highincome population comparable to communities in san diego and orange counties .	murrieta海岸教育 , 高收入相比 , 三角洲和橙色国家的社区 。
the panel is a nonvoting one , but even fda advisory panels which don't vote are still reviewed by the agency .	帕恩尔是一个非投票者 , 但即使是fda的顾问页面 , 还没有vote仍然被原因审查 。
under the market condition that has formed 10 years afore and experience , can more companies are joined , will build an industry chain .	在市场条件下 , 已经形成了10年的经验 , 可以加入更多的公司 , 将建立一个行业链 。
" you need a cut to force the institution to make changes to the system , " says berkson , who coordinated the budget deliberations .	伯克逊说: " 你需要一个削减机构来改变系统的机构 , " 伯克逊协调预算辩论 。
journalists learned that the previous inspection , guicheng has ordered two " five noes " in the construction of the plant work .	记者学习 , 广东已经订了两个 " 五节 " 的建筑物 。
he's the author of perfumes: the guide , and the subject of chandler burr's 2003 book the emperor of scent .	他是论文的作者:2003年书皇帝皇帝的主题 , 作者的指导 。
aibullet television ltd is a integrated video production , market research , planning , design and delivery of integrated services company .	aibullet电视公司是一家集成的视频生产、市场计划、设计和综合服务公司 。
to provide customers with high quality fashion products , and do a good job for every one thing ' is used to one style of qadir .	为了提供高质量的时尚产品 , 为每一件事都使用了一个类型的qadir 。
because of the common offset working mode of gpr , there are large amount of horizontal coherent noise in the gpr record .	由于gpr通用的工作模式 , 在gpr记录中 , 由于gpr工作模式有大量的热共同噪声 。
what does the new science tell us about how corina's 28yearold brain produced corina's 28yearold mind ?	新科学告诉我们 , 克林亚28岁大脑的28岁的大脑是怎样产生的 ?
we went to the seaside , the same blue sea and sky , on the beach sundrenched , is piece very enjoy it .	我们走到海岸 , 同样蓝海和天空 , 在海滩周围的海滩上 , 非常享受它 。
sagittarians are positive people ; they have a bright outlook on life , are enterprising , full of energy and vitality .	萨吉特亚人是积极的人 ; 他们在生命中拥有着明亮的外貌 , 是企业 , 充满能源和虚拟力 。
in general , wastes do not have or exhibit an intrinsic hazard of infectiousness , except in very specific cases .	在通常情况下 , 废物并没有或展示感染性 , 除了非常特别的例子 。
but nothing of the kind happens . instead , the arpeggios evolve through a succession of gently unexpected harmonies .	但是 , 无论如此发生 。 相反 , 阿格拉格奥进化了一步的希望和谐的成功 。
objective:to study the content of tyrosinase in the blood and hemorrheology in vitiligo animal pathological pattern .	目的:探讨血液和肝脏病理模式的含量 。
all jcss gases are assigned their values using gravimetric standard gases analyzed by the government agency .	所有的jcsss气体都按政府机构进行灰色标准气体分析 。
this step , however , is the one that has caused the most intense frustration in prebiotic chemistry research for the past several decades .	然而 , 在过去几十年来 , 这种步骤引起了最强烈的水果 。
each contestant was given a towel to sit on and to cover themselves when naked , but only after they had stripped completely .	每个建议者都在坐上 , 然而 , 只有完整的时候 , 只有他们完全安排 。
it provides a single and complete view of customers , partners , products , and business through data warehouses or federation .	通过数据仓库或联盟的数据仓库和业务 , 通过数据仓库或联邦提供了一个完整的视图 。
a company may sometimes resort to selling at a loss in order to force its rivals into bankruptcy , and then dominate the market .	一家公司可能会有时收购损失 , 为了它的风险进入银行 , 然后把市场 。
normally when using git , you can assume that your repository is a little bit behind what is located on kernel . org .	通常使用git , 您可以假设您的存储库是在kernel之后的一个小位置 。
now our electricity , phone , insurance and cable bills are automatically withdrawn from our account each month .	现在我们的电力 , 电话 , 保险和电缆账户自动按照我们每个月的帐户 。
thus he tried to alter and abolish the unequal treaties , limited and cancelled western powers' privilege in china ;	因此 , 他试图在中国独特的治疗 , 限制西方电源的原始 ;
if i focus the rays of sun with a burning glass , even in the coldest days of winter , i can kindle a fire with ease .	假如我焦虑一杯烧玻璃 , 甚至在冬天最冷的日子里 , 我可以用火 。
the government should take appropriate policies to assure these western enterprises' leading status in the technological innovation .	政府应该采取适当的策略 , 以确保这些西方企业的领导状态 。
therefore , if god sees us through the eyes of his beloved son , then we ought to start seeing ourselves through jesus as well .	因此 , 如果上帝看到自己的儿子的眼睛 , 然后我们在耶稣和华看到自己 。
but to a broadminded one , difference means richness in colors and postures and diversity embodies unity and harmony .	但是 , 在颜色和丰富的体育中 , 不同的意味着颜色的丰富和丰富的体育单位和谐 。
creative industries and nonwoven bag close economic ties , its nonwoven bag huge impetus to the development of industry .	创造性产业和非产业经济趋势 , 其非产业巨大冲击对产业发展的发展 。
this paper generalizes the characteristics of studies of lu xu in china this year and reveals the treads of future studies .	文章介绍了我国路易学研究的特点 , 揭示了未来研究的趋势 。
the first rule of camping is to keep a clean camp site . you can't leave anything which bears might think is food .	第一规则是保持清洁的校园网站 , 你不能留下任何东西 。
it makes it possible to reach oil deposits that can't be reached vertically like those under a town or a lake .	这使得它可以达到油沉积 , 不能达到城市或湖泊 。
it's the first time to report that network externalities is one of the import influence factor to imcl , and it's proved .	这是第一次报告 , 网络外部性是imcl的重要因素之一 , 证明了 。
security was tight because of a new terrorist threat . streets were closed . police lined the sidewalks .	安全是由于一个新的恐怖主义威胁 , 街道关闭 。 警察线 。
'i think it's great to see a dynamic woman in politics , ' said ryoko okamoto , 34 , an interpreter .	" 我认为 , 在政治上看到一个动态女性 , " 克里奥·乔奥 , 34岁的解释者说 。
air france industries will begin installing the enhancements at its le bourget airport facility near paris in 2012 .	法国工业将于2012年在巴黎附近安装其法律机场的增强 。
the public media places " benshan culture " into a new circumstance , and provides the opportunity for its further development .	公共媒体的 " 南山文化 " 成为新的环境 , 为其进一步发展提供机会 。
because high us interest rates tend to cause the dollar to appreciate , they are likely to make an already large trade deficit larger .	由于高度的利率将会导致美元升级 , 他们可能会做出更大的贸易赤字 。
the type of conduction had been widely used in electronic tubes of radio , television and many other modern devices .	电视和许多现代设备广泛应用于电子管、电视、电视等现代设备 。
in the serene riverside town , the pace of life is entirely subject to the gentle flow of the tinkling streams .	在海滨河流域 , 生命的流程完全对潮流动的影响 。
in june , a group of suicide bombers and gunmen launched a deadly attack on the luxury intercontinental hotel .	在6月 , 一群自杀炸弹员和枪枪枪发射了一个死亡的袭击 。
if the object were indeed a flying saucer , recovering it could potentially be worth millions or billions of dollars .	如果对象实际上是一个飞行器 , 恢复可能是数百万美元或数亿美元 。
dna mobility is related to its charge and the average size of the fragment as it twists and tumbles through the gel .	dna移动与其负荷相关的平均尺寸相关 , 由于它两者和模块的平均尺寸 。
the contents of cichoric acid in introducing plant of echinacea purpurea in china were assayed by hplc .	通过hplc分析 , 利用hplc分析了我国磷酸的含量 。
mr . thomas is making a long distance call . please wait for a few minutes . would you like some coffee or tea ?	汤姆斯先生正在做一个长距离 , 请等几分钟 , 你喜欢咖啡或茶 ?
the two to three founders saying that each of them owns x amount of newco and assigning all of their ip related to this venture to newco .	这两位创始人说 , 每个人都拥有xco , 并签署所有的ip与新co的相关ip 。
by appreciating and analyzing some compositions , we can rationally ponder upon chinese modern oil painting’s present situation .	通过对我国现代油画现代的现代油画现状进行分析 , 我们可以合理地聚集在中国现代油画现状 。
when general leclerc called them traitors and said: " how could you , the french , wear someone else's uniform ? "	当一般的莱克rc称为他们的跟踪者时 , 说: " 你怎样 , 法国 , 戴有人独立吗 ? "
research on the effect of laser igniting characteristics caused by doping graphite into b/kno3 with photoacoustic detection method .	利用光学检测方法对激光学特性进行了研究 。
the contribution of platelets to hyperacute rejection of both allografts and xenografts is well recognized .	同时 , 平板反射和xeno软件的分布具有良好的识别 。
in hong kong , it has only been recorded in sunset peak ; the locality is within country parks under protection .	在香港 , 它只记录了阳光峰 ; 地方公园在保护下 。
children's songs play an important part in children's education not to be replaced by other forms of poetry .	孩子的歌曲在孩子教育中扮演了重要的部分 , 不要替换其他形式的诗歌 。
what a vivid picture! just as the picture depicts, there are so many things or desires that the man has to bear or to seek .	影片的照片 , 只要照片描绘 , 有很多事情或精神 , 那些人必须追求或寻求 。
the report also predicts that continuing instability in the middle east will probably keep pushing prices up into the spring .	报告还预计 , 中东的稳定性将保持在春季的价格 。
another factor intel mentioned: companies building out on the backend to take advantage of socalled cloud computing .	另外一个因素提议:公司建立后端 , 以称为云计算的优势 。
based on the analysis of the development trend of transportation statistics , this paper puts forward " transportation accounts " concept .	针对交通统计的发展趋势 , 提出了 " 交通帐户 " 概念 。
not only students but also teachers were inspired by the news that wang leqing was admitted to qinghua university .	不仅学生 , 还是学生 , 王清大学的新闻 , 承认清华大学的新闻 。
this financial support allows the society to continue to grow its standards programs and fund future initiatives .	这个金融支持允许社会继续增长其标准计划和基金未来的未来机构 。
damage model was built based on the rules of projectile dispersion and the principle of armourpiercing mechanics .	基于工程分散规律 , 建立了基于模拟机械的原理 。
our " slot " system gives you several choices where to place decorative objects on surfaces , such as tables and dressers .	我们的 " 脚 " 系统给您提供了几个选择 , 比如桌子和裙子 。
the cradle towers of zhengzhou will comprise of five mixeduse towers swooping out of a ringshaped podium .	郑州的信用工具将包括五个混合工具 , 开关了环境污染物 。
you may recall that back in 2006 in the great hall of the people , the beijing summit of the forum on chinaafrica cooperation was held .	您可以回忆到2006年人民大厅 , 中国非洲合作论坛的北京承诺 。
perhaps most importantly , visiting judges have the opportunity to speak oneonone with u . s . judges .	也许最重要的是 , 访问法官对美国法官发言机会讲话一个机会 。
note the luteinized cells forming the inner cyst lining at the left with adjacent surrounding theca cells .	注意 , 用周围的细胞形成内循环细胞 。
blood viscosity , plasma viscosity , erythrocyte deformed index , fibrinogen and plt were decreased .	血粘度、血浆粘度、淋巴细胞变形指数、纤维素和plt降低 。
current coreos linux users can take advantage of a cloudnative platform to reach one of the world's largest markets .	目前 , 核心的linux用户可以达到世界最大的市场之一 。
with the computer and the database technology applied in the clothing industry , clothing mtm developed rapidly .	随着计算机和数据库技术的迅速发展迅速发展 。
the personal data collected will be treated as strictly confidential and will be used only for receipting and other communication with you .	个人数据收集将严格的信心 , 并且只用于接收和其他通信 。
each of the pen heads is separately matched with one of two caps . the liquid tube is arranged in the penstock .	每个pen头分别匹配了两个cap , 液体管在pentock中 。
from the above it has been proved that the lifetable method is practical and efficient in forecasting the supply of the mch manpower .	在此基础上 , 证明了可行的生命方法 , 在预测mchmanper供应商的供应 。
learn how to improvise when crocheting a scarf in this free crocheting lesson from an experienced crochet artist .	学习如何在这个自由crochroet艺术家学习如何在这个自由crochroet艺术家的课程 。
walmart also announced the resignation of clara wong , its senior vice president for human resources in china .	沃尔玛还宣布了中国人力资源的高级副总裁 。
due to its mild microclimate , graz is a city of lush parks with an almost mediterranean flair .	由于其混合微分解 , graz是一城市 , 几乎是中方公园的一个城市 。
you sneeze because you've got all these germs inside you and your body wants to get the germs out , so you sneeze .	你因为你在你的身体中得到了所有的德国 , 你的身体想要获得德国 , 所以你已经获得了 。
this is useful for adding extra information to portions within the block that are of interest , especially if the maps are shared between developers .	这对于开发者分享的话 , 尤其是如果地图分享在开发者之间的地图 。
those colors should be incorporated into your website in some way , even if it’s just in the header image or as accent colors .	这些颜色应该在某种途径中吸引你的网站 , 即使在头图像或中心颜色 。
another reality is that if the us is unable to expand its exports , pressure will grow to restrict its imports , instead .	另外一个现实就是 , 如果美国不能扩大其出口 , 压力将增长其进口 , 相反 。
for maximum safety , do not touch the product , test cables , or any other instruments while power is applied to the circuit under test .	对于最大安全性 , 不要触摸产品 , 测试电缆 , 或者在测试下应用的电路 。
much of buffett's wisdom stems from this one investment trait: when you don't know what to do , don't do anything .	大多数bufffet的智慧步骤从这项投资跟踪:当你不知道做什么 , 不要做什么 。
i was also glad that roger and mother hadn’t let themselves get too hurt by whites bringing up roger’s drug problem .	我也声称罗杰和母亲不让自己感到伤害 , 白人带着罗杰的药物问题 。
the trick is to constantly selfevaluate and selfimprove by not just improving their productivity but also improving their ways of working .	试验不仅提高生产力 , 提高自己的自我价值 , 而且提高工作的途径 。
we certainly welcome oem items to meet the needs of different customer , and we guarantee our quality and punctuality .	我们当然欢迎各客户的需求 , 我们保证我们的质量和惩罚性 。
" tony is cheerful and friendly , " one report stated . " his detention in hospital is preventing deterioration of his condition . "	" 托尼是很好的 , " 一份报告说 , " 他的死亡是防止他的条件 。 "
in 1954 , there were only a dozen armed robberies in london but , by the 1990s , there were more than a hundred times as many .	1954年 , 在伦敦 , 只有一个十名武装橡胶 , 但在1990年代 , 有数百余的时间 。
" what they also did is showed me a picture of murmansk at the end of world war ii , and it was an aerial photograph , " he says .	他说: " 他们也在世界战争结束的图片中显示了我在世界战争结束的图片 , 这是一个重要照片 。 "
this did not occur in a control group of volunteers who were trained in the morning and retested in the evening , with no sleep in between .	今天早晨 , 这不会发生控制志愿者的控制组 , 并且在晚上没有睡眠 。
exoffenders have gotten particular attention for their efforts to stop gang violence and work with troubled teenagers .	外交朋友们对他们的努力停止暴力 , 同时也有争议的青少年 。
it is better to distribute obfuscated version of your web content and to keep your original source code for yourself .	更好地分布您web内容的版本 , 保持您的原源代码 。
the war in iraq , katrina , and the wall street collapse were the three nails in the coffin of the age of reagan .	在伊拉克 , 卡拉里娜和华尔街崩溃的战争是第三名海军 。
that won an immediate laugh from the cast and crew on the first take , but enthusiasm waned after the first few hearings .	这是在第一次听到的第一次的时候赢得了一个直接笑容 , 但是英国第一次听到了 。
rediscovered from the bottom of that dirtladen heap , it was able to see the light , still in good state . it was such a relief !	来自德拉丁的底部 , 能看光 , 还有很好的状态 , 是这样的信赖 !
my father is center my mother is left forward my sister is right forward my wife is right guard and my brother is left forward .	我父亲是中心的母亲离开我的妹妹 , 我的妻子是正确的保证 , 我的兄弟离开了 。
it is nice to look back and see what we have done together , aware that we are part of a story that is without equal and is ongoing .	看我们一起做的事情 , 意识我们没有平等的故事 , 正在谈判 。
angry with himself , obiwan piloted the speeder up the mountain toward dooku's villa at maximum speed .	随着他自己 , 奥巴旦把山脉放到多州最大速度上 。
we are testing the contents of physical performance can achieve national norms , all the indicators this was our request .	我们正在测试物理性能的内容 , 可以达到国家标准 , 这是我们的请求 。
mebazaa has assembled an interim coalition government and claims that new elections will be held in the coming months .	梅巴萨已经成立了一个国际合作政府 , 并宣称新选项将在未来几月举行 。
wartime commemorations come round so often that the 70th anniversary of the siege of leningrad may seem unremarkable .	温暖的记忆常常常是70周期的雷达的产量可能似乎不可知的 。
count it , if you had above three among those , so congratulations you , you have already become lechery woman of one row .	国家 , 如果你在这里拥有三个 , 那么会计划你 , 你已经成为一个行的妇女 。
biemang , dug a fire burned the hell you are in an unenviable position , digging as soon as possible to add water .	双阳 , 尘埃火烧伤你在一个不可避免的地位 , 很快就会加入水 。
rockfall , a tiny community 20 miles south of hartford , is part of the town of middlefield , conn .	罗克莱尔 , 一个小型社区20英里的南部 , 是中场的一个城市 。
that will again be a friday but it will be at nine o'clock and he will be here so i think that will be a lot of fun also .	这会再次是一个星期五 , 但这将是九点钟 , 他认为这里会是很多功能 。
we're not sure of the unusual 'stone' finish in place of the usual wood grain , however this is purely subjective .	然而 , 我们不肯定 " 稳定 " 的完美 , 但这是纯粹的主题 。
the retroactivity of construction of law refers to if the new construction of law can apply to the past event and behaviour .	法律建设的反应性指出 , 如果在过去事件和行为中可以应用新的法律建设 。
but if you slow down and think about your attention , you'll agree that answering email while browsing the web is impossible .	但是如果你慢慢地考虑你的注意力 , 你会同意在浏览web是不可能的 。
most of the protesters are said to be in the capital , mbabane , and are unable to get to manzini , a 45minute drive away .	大多数的保护者都说在首都 , mbane , 并不能去曼西 , 一个45分钟驾驶 。
evenings were spent at the theatre . this ballet told the story of the triumphant building of a hydroelectric dam .	晚上 , 这个球迷们告诉一个水电坝三相建筑的故事 。
i like to use this tactic in lowkey situations , like grocery stores , coffee shops , book stores , etc .	我喜欢使用低键状态 , 比如巧克力店 , 咖啡店 , 书店等 。
following a small shan told reporters that he is on time every morning get up at 5 , the first thing is to help mothers understand toilet .	随着一个小山告诉记者 , 他每天早上5岁 , 第一件事是帮助母亲理解 。
for decades , who has had a strong presence in endemic countries , working shouldertoshoulder with local health officials .	几十年来 , 他在内部国家拥有强烈的前景 , 工作肩膀和当地卫生官员 。
aduh: that movie cat in the hat even shows our legislators fighting on tv . sheesh ! what a loss of face .	作者:这部电影节目甚至在电视上显示了我们的立法人 。 谢什 ! 脸上有什么损失 。
there is a wide variation in the amount of these cnv deletions which people have in their genome , with some people having several million .	在这些cnv删除中 , 有大量的变化 , 人们在他们的基因中有几百万人 。
“with a low cost of living and big texascharm , bachelors are sure to find love in this city ! ” rent . com says .	" 我是一个低成本的生活成本 , 巴基尔肯定在这个城市找到爱好 ! "
poweridea sparks believes openness is the single most important quality a resource integrator must have .	电力网络是唯一的资源集成者必须拥有的资源集成者 。
fungizone intravenous in powder form should be stored in the refrigerator , protected against exposure to light .	在粉末形式中 , 应储存在反射器 , 保护反射光 。
the semifloating layered burner is provided with a wind blowing coal device and a coal granule screening device .	分布式燃烧器提供了一种风吹煤装置和煤灰筛选设备 。
the fgets , fgetss , fread , fscanf , and fclose functions also return false on error .	fcanf和fclose函数也返回错误 。
the camera includes a stereoscopic imaging part , a stereoscopic vision information processing part and a motor drive part .	摄像机包括一个稳定的图像部分 , 一个稳定的视频处理部分和动机驱动部件 。
metabolic flux analysis plays an important role in guiding the genetic manipulation in metabolic engineering .	梅氏流体分析在冶金工程中发挥了重要作用 。
the kinds of approximations needed to , for example , simulate a firestorm , were in the past computationally intractable .	例如 , 在过去的计算中 , 在过去的计算中 , 模拟火灾监测器 。
displays a list of all of the names of columns in this database that have unique singlecolumn indexes .	显示该数据库中的所有列表列表列表 , 具有独特的单umn指数 。
as we geophysicists all know , the definite difference method is a numerical method widely used in geophysics .	地理学家都知道 , 地理学家是地理学中广泛应用的方法 。
new york new signs of surging corporate profits led to early gains in the stock market tuesday .	纽约新闻签署公司的利润引起股市早期收入的早期收入 。
to formulate work plans for dispatching representatives of state stock ownership to the state holding and jointstock corporations .	为了制定国有股东主权的工作计划 , 为国有股东和联合公司的合作计划 。
conclusion:il 4 of tibet pig was successfully cloned from the lymphocyte after stimulating 70 h with cona .	结论:4例组织猪成功从淋巴细胞模拟70h患者的淋巴细胞 。
the invention relates to a traction rectification reduction bed with a tiltable former section a tiltable latter section .	本发明涉及一种可组织前端分泌的传统修改床 。
other whole bovine skin leather , without hair on , of a unit surface area not exceeding 28 square feet	另外 , 全身的皮肤 , 没有头发 , 单位表面区不超过28平方脚 。
memory is a runaway rivers , and we are waiting for the pewww . qq3721 . comople on both sides .	记忆是一个路径风险 , 我们等待宠物 。 q3721 。
many dance studios offer special firsttimer promotions that allow newbies to take classes for under $10 , sometimes for free .	许多舞蹈学习提供专业的推广 , 允许新生在10美元下采取课程 , 有时为免费 。
objective to assess the sensory recovery in denervated wound surface covered with thick spilt skin graft .	目的评价厚皮肤覆盖的敏感性恢复 。
currently , the effective tax rate of mineral enterprises is lower 1526 percent than that of the nonmineral enterprises .	目前 , 矿业企业的有效税率低于非矿业企业的非矿业企业的1526% 。
in most species of social insects , such as wasps , bees , and ants , the females rule . the females are the workers .	在大多数社会昆虫 , 比如废物 , 蚂蚁 , 女性规则 , 女性是工人 。
the characteristics of the short circuited fault in low voltage system are studied by means of simulation and experiment .	利用模拟和实验研究了低电压系统短电路故障的特点 。
after inserting the contact into the table , the database returned the value of the id column of the row just inserted .	将接触到表之后 , 数据库返回行列的id列的id列值 。
for example , french impressionism or german expressionism , each has its own unique creative ideas and techniques .	例如 , 法国印象主义或德国表达主义 , 每个具有独特的创造思想和技术 。
it comes to a conclusion that the energy comsumption is decreased by applying mentioned methods in summer and winter .	结论 , 利用夏季提取法提高能源消耗的方法降低了能源消耗 。
conclusion no resistance to brodifacoum was tested in r . flavipectus . brodifacoum can be used for rats control .	结论无耐药性能在rr.flavict中检查 , 可用于大鼠控制 。
the meng age lady starts apt query a key question , " that he does this a batch of maneuvers do many and greatly ? "	梅迪开始了一个关键问题 , " 他做了很多的制造商做的战争 ? "
sam 'spike' witwicky: gentlemen... let me introduce you to my friend: optimus prime !	萨姆·'sake的wiwicky:gentlen...让我介绍我的朋友:最优先 !
yuxian northerly location , the department of taihang mountain top , is a temperate continental climate .	杨兴北地区 , 台山顶部 , 是一家温室气候 。
only in exceptional circumstances dandy may allow client to revoke or amend the relevant instruction or order .	只有在外界环境下 , 每天只允许客户重新重建或修改相关的指令 。
normal circumstances , and macular between the choroid , an extremely thin protection of the organization .	正常的环境 , 环境之间的宏观 , 一个极端的东西保护组织 。
have a professional designer of a variety of design styles for you to create , with years of experience in the construction team .	为您创建多种设计类型的专业设计师 , 经验在建设团队的经验 。
but the real advantage to lambdas is when you create functions on the fly and no variable reference is required . for example	但是当你在飞行上创建函数 , 没有变量参考 。
to find the people , old friends and relatives free search tool people , including 411 white " pages . "	为了找到人们 , 老朋友和相对自由搜索工具 , 包括41白 " 页面 。
this design , a variant on the double armchair style and just as lightly padded , was shortlived in france .	这种设计 , 双臂风格的变化 , 只有轻的模式 , 在法国 , 在法国 , 被短缺 。
if you benchpressed 100 pounds this week , for example , then next week you should try doing 105 pounds .	例如 , 如果你在本周的100磅 , 那么下一周应该尝试105磅 。
well , the conception of the universe that was widespread among ancient peoples is one that you're probably familiar with .	所以 , 古人之间的宇宙概念 , 你可能熟悉 。
the discoloring process in normal pectin production can be left out . the products possess high yield and qualified quality .	正常的宠物生产的分离过程可以离开 , 产量高 , 质量高 。
conclusion the key to improve the accuracy of atypical meningioma ct diagnosis is to locate the tumor .	结论血清ct诊断的关键是在肿瘤的位置 。
the whole work will be completed within two years , drafts of almost all of the manuscripts being on hand and under revision now .	整个工作将在两年内完成 , 几乎所有人类的描述都在手下完成 。
the ekf algorithm is adopted to solve the nonlinear measurement function with radome slope interference .	采用ekf算法来解决非线性测量函数的非线性测量函数 。
in india , it is the corporations that are building giant coalbased power plants which are major climate polluters .	印度是建立巨大的煤厂基于气候污染机构的公司 。
if you have covered induction at all and looked at meller's approach to induction i mentioned it last time very briefly .	如果你在所有的教育中 , 查看梅勒的方法 , 我提到最后提到它 。
an old farmer planted the seeds he bought from the market , autumn came and no harvest , for the seeds are fake .	一个老农业计划他从市场购买的种子 , 秋天 , 种子都是肥胖 。
the company’s overall gross profit margin grew to 36 . 3 percent , from 34 . 8 percent in the yearago quarter .	本公司的整体gregregregregregre36.3% , 来自年度的34.8% 。
of 186 liver transplant patients receiving sirolimus , 4 developed pneumonitis that was attributed to the drug ;	186例肝移植患者接受irolimus , 4例发育肺炎 , 属于药物 ;
" being a parent means being mature enough to help a child adapt to disappointment , " achenbach says .	achenbach说: " 作为一个父母的意义 , 可以帮助孩子适应消失 , " achenbach说 。
the outbound event sends this metric value from the monitor model of the loan_completionone process to the highlevel monitor model .	上述事件发送了该模型从高级监控模式的监控模式下 , 将该算法发送到高级监控模型 。
however , today than in the japanese rule of korea , its sinister means , what is more trivial difference .	然而 , 日本规则的日本规则比日本规则 , 其内容者意味着 , 更有争议的差异 。
memorial ceremony of qin is quite different from that of zhou and lu in sacrificial time , place , offerings , etc .	秦的记忆仪式不同于周边、地方、地方、地方等 。
we are even informed that cigarette smoking may gravely jeopardize not only the smokers , but also the nonsmokers .	我们甚至是信息 , 烟雾吸烟可能不仅是吸烟者 , 而且也是非吸烟者 。
objective: to summarize the clinical experience of professor shaonian fang in treating obstruction of qi in the chest .	目的:总结在胸腺切除术中的临床经验 。
none of the surveyed materials were found to be suitable for use as impedance matched specular radar absorbers .	无论在调查材料中找到了适合使用的特殊雷达吸收器 。
electrophoretic coating process on the aluminium alloy support used for solar energy heat unit is introduced .	介绍了铝合金支持的电泳涂料过程 。
of course , the sensory effects of coffee , and other warm beverages , like tea or cocoa , can lift your spirits .	当然 , 咖啡的感觉效应 , 其他温暖的饮料 , 比如茶或咖啡 , 可以轻松你的精神 。
objective to investigate the clinical and electrocardiographic character of idiopathic and secondary abnormal j wave .	目的探讨血管病的临床和电学特点 。
abstract: to study germination characteristics of mirabilis jalapa and althaea rosea by soaking their dormant seeds .	摘要:研究米拉比亚巴和阿尔西罗西的微小特点 。
introduced the scope of application and structures of multiblade vertical cutting machine and bead insulating line .	介绍了多层垂直切割机的应用和结构 。
the cylindrical container has a wide mouth opening for easy filling and convenient access to the contents .	循环容器具有广泛的嘴部开放方便 , 便便访问内容 。
rapid climate changes at millennial and centennial scales are one of the most important aspects in paleoclimate study .	近年来 , 近年来的气候变化是分子分子研究中最重要的方面之一 。
it is a common problem that the range of applying lien and interrogation is excessive broad in public security organs .	它是公安组织的普遍问题 , 应用林和环境范围是公共安全组织的广泛广泛广泛的问题 。
in 2009 china ended a quarantine blockade around a remote northwestern town hit by pneumonic plague .	2009年 , 中国结束了一个远北城镇 , 由泵浦东的普通平台 。
to address this issue , we have carried out a series of studies of tissue reconstitution by single hscs .	为了解决这个问题 , 我们已经通过单个hsc进行研究 。
objective to investigate the etiologic factors of chronic prostatitis following sexually transmitted urethritis .	目的探讨慢性前列腺炎的病理因素 。
as the eye health company , bausch &lomb dedicated to perfecting vision and enhancing life for consumers around the world .	作为欧洲卫生公司 , 基地和洛布斯将在世界各地的消费者的完善和提高生活 。
help pharmaceutical enterprise customers solve problems , the pursuit of human health is our lofty ideal .	帮助药品企业顾客解决问题 , 人类健康的追求是我们的心理 。
then a new method of block generalization based on street skeletonline and building skeletonline is put forward .	然后提出了一种基于街头keleton和建筑keleton的新方法 。
at the other end of the spectrum is su ming , who comes from a family of farmers and studies at a university in beijing .	在北京大学的农民和研究中 , 南京大学的农民和农民学习 。
some big firms have begun employing westerners with long experience in the best american and european facilities .	一些大型公司已经开始在最好的美国和欧洲设施的经验 。
and we can see the truth of the world in our own experience to confirm for ourselves the truth which the buddha was teaching .	在我们自己的经验中 , 我们可以看到世界的真实 , 以确保佛教教的真实 。
in order to realize the control arithmetic , this paper uses the plc , and designs the programs of both pid control and fuzzy control .	为了实现控制动态 , 利用plc , 设计了管道控制和模糊控制的程序 。
a few days’ break was declared for the religious holiday of eid aladha , beginning on november 17th .	在17年17月17日开始 , 阿尔哈的宗教节日宣布了几天 。
you can submit your own idea or comment on the list on our web site , theatlantic . com , or you can send us a letter .	你可以把自己的思想或评论在web站上 , 天主义 , 或者你可以发送信 。
as these individuals grow more comfortable around each other , you will see more head tilt and therefore more exposure of the neck .	因此 , 在每个周围 , 你会看到更多的头部组织 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 它们会更加舒服 。
other fringe parties enjoyed a record surge in support as voters abandoned their traditional allegiances .	另外 , 投票者在支持传统的合作中享受记录 , 支持他们的记录 。
conclusion the hyperbaric therapy for complication of carbon monoxide poisoning is high cure rate and low deformity rate .	结论碳氧化钾复合复合是高纯度、低性能的综合疗法 。
as a player , denver nuggets coach george karl napped , a ritual he passed on to his team .	作为一名球员 , 丹麦乔治·卡尔在他的队伍中传递了一个风险的风险 。
while certain fish are loaded with omega3 and protein , they also contain some mercury , dioxins and pcbs .	尽管某些鱼被载于奥马加a3和蛋白 , 但它们还包含了一些汞、二氧化物和pcb 。
there is no estimating the pride i took in this grandeur , or the affection that began to swell and grow in me for those people .	没有估计我在这个祖先的原因 , 或者对我来说 , 就开始瑞典和生长的影响 。
figure 1 shows an example of a checkstyle report generated with ant using the xslt task demonstrated in listing 1	图1所示 , 使用xslt任务显示 , 在清单1中使用xslt任务显示了一个检查方式报告 。
a community of central new jersey , a suburb of new brunswick . population , 21 , 731 .	一个中央新泽西的社区 , 一个新的brunwick 。 人口21 , 731 。
this method can overcome the limitation occurred by single evaluation method and meet the need of fine evaluation of acidizing effect .	采用单元评价方法 , 结合单元评价方法 , 满足提取效应的需要 。
the rising , warm air forms distinctive anvilshaped clouds , visible in both the satellite and model image .	在卫星和模型图像中 , 温暖的空气形成了显著的云 , 可见 。
a gadget differs from a bot in that it's a specialized miniapplication that helps you perform a focused task .	这是一个专业化的小说 , 帮助你做一个关注的任务 。
nearby muttrah has a charming mediterraneanstyle waterfront and a harbour now used mainly by cruise liners .	近年来 , 近年来 , 主要用crucrucruclisner使用的中型水印 。
to support this , three options of command vmdeploymgr . sh are provided which is the main application of the vdm .	为了支持这种情况 , 命令vmypypymr的三个选项 , sh是vdm的主要应用 。
although most securities are markedtomarket , this new gaap still allows securities to be carried at historical cost .	尽管大多数证券是马克·马克 , 但这项新型的安全仍然允许在历史成本的安全 。
if we want to make national public servants' property transparent we ought to establish and consummate the system .	如果我们想制造国家公共服务器的性能交流 , 我们应该建立和消费系统 。
with the development of internet , more and more people start to use bbs forum over internet as their tool obtaining messages and communions .	随着互联网的发展 , 越来越来越多的人开始使用bbbs论坛作为他们的工具获得消息和社区 。
that woman's days were spent in ignorant good will , her nights in argument until her voice grew shrill .	这位女子的日子在大会上花时间 , 她的夜晚 , 直到她的声音grewrill 。
pedal down hill while you are at the front of a bunch . cyclists dislike having to ride constantly under brakes .	当你在大脑前面的时候 , 循环障碍不断升高 。
the bronx zoo is incredible , fantastic , very wellmaintained , sprawling zoo with so much to see and do .	bronxzo是不可避免的 , 很好的地方 , 喷洒zo , 看起来很多 。
but why would one want to make crosstechnology mixed ui components anyway ? wayne explained some of the usecases	但是 , 为什么要做交叉技术混合ui组件 ? 路径解释一些使用cas的一些用途 。
under this background , based on jw1h hospital information system , we designed and developed military hospital library management system .	在此背景下 , 基于jw-1h医院信息系统 , 我们设计了军事医院图书馆管理系统 。
both fra and nfma strengthen the ability of developing countries to manage their forestry information base for their own benefit .	两者都强调开发国家的能力 , 为自己的利益而管理他们的森林信息基础 。
relatively smallscale chemical run off and contamination from us copper mines in colorado proved to be disastrous .	相对小型化学运行 , 由美国铜矿区的铜矿区 , 证明了灾难 。
the patient and 41 other passengers on the flight am098 arrived in shanghai from mexico on thursday .	本周四 , 上海墨西哥的墨西哥其他病人和41名其他病人 。
the innermost zone effect must be taken into account if the required accuracy of tc is at a onemgal level .	内部区的效应必须在一个mgal水平上采取帐户 。
a heavyduty , highbuild coal tar epoxy coating for the protection of steel and concrete in immersion service .	一种高型煤炭涂料 , 用于模拟服务的保护钢和混凝土的保护 。
" culpa in contrahendo " in civil law system started in the transition from freedom capitalism to monopoly capitalism .	" 民法制度 " 的文化体系开始从自由资本主义开始转变 。
any of these locations or styles worked fine users who needed to log in would find the way to do it without frustration or error .	任何这些地方或类型的用户都可以找到不断破坏或错误的方法 。
the indexes have been examined , such as ratio of liver weight and body weight , tg , tc , hdlc and ldlc .	研究了肝重、tg、tg、hdlc、ldlc等指标 。
" this shows that our system integration and research and manufacturing capabilities have reached world standards , " said mr zhang .	张先生说: " 这表明我们的系统集成和制造能力已经达到世界标准 , " 张先生说 。
4then jesus asked them , " which is lawful on the sabbath: to do good or to do evil , to save life or to kill ? "	4en耶稣问他们 , 「 这是律师:要做好好 , 为了保存生活或杀死吗 ? "
the body of a 19yearold worker named ma xiangqian was found in front of his highrise dormitory at 4:30 a . m .	一个19岁的工人名叫小庆的身体在他的高层门前找到了他的高层门前 。
you may also recall that the media referred to this as a " nearsighted mr . magoo " and " trouble with hubble " .	您还可以回忆到媒体的 " 附近媒体 " 和 " 麻烦 " 。
but after he enrolled in the university of edinburgh , he proved more interested in natural history than medicine .	但是他在爱德伯格大学毕业后 , 他证明了自然历史的兴趣 。
q . my teenager is involved in so many activities: school , babysitting , church , sports .	问 。 我的青少年参加了很多活动:学校 , 孩子 , 教堂 , 体育 。
and it came down to what somebody else said here: that left the election on the other dimension , which might have been character or whatever .	这里有人说: " 这里的选举在另一个维度上左右的选举 , 这可能是特征或是什么 。
the findings highlight the importance of refining our understanding of the relationship between weight , body fat and disease , says loos .	罗斯说 , 高度重、体脂和疾病之间的重要性 。
friends lists: allow your users to maintain a list of their onsite friends , and see who others have added as friends .	朋友列表:允许您的用户保持自己的网站朋友 , 并看其他朋友添加 。
politicians talk about wage equality , butmy father has made it a practice at his company throughout his entire career .	政治家谈论wage平等 , 但my父亲在他的整个职业中获得了实践 。
in the history , there were such cruel beauty fashions too , such as the chinese threeinch golden lotus and the western corset .	在历史上 , 有这样的美丽的时尚 , 比如中国三金洛杉矶和西方公司 。
earlier this month , apple granted both vodafone group and telecom italia the right to sell the iphone in italy .	本月早些时候 , 苹果两家vodafone集团和电话意大利销售iphone 。
'the concept is to stock your pantry with things you can't get or that you miss from home , ' mr . lord says .	耶和华先生说: " 概念是停止你的裤子 , 你不能从家里找到或你错过的事情 。
i agree with victor fleischer's basic premise that carried interest is a fee for managing other people's money .	我同意维奇·弗莱克的基本预测 , 卡里的利益是管理其他人民的资金 。
from a great deal of fogging experiment , getting that the directflash technique can satisfy the experiment .	从大量的混合试验 , 得到直接式技术能够满足实验的满足 。
there is 1500w separated wall type air condition set each in the two guest room , which can adjust the temperature .	有1500w的墙类型空气 , 可调整温度 。
an arresting image to draw the eye and cover lines that reward that curiosity by presenting an intriguing idea .	一个逮捕图像来绘制眼睛和覆盖线 , 给出一个注意想法 。
my hands are small ; please don’t expect perfection whenever i make my bed , draw a picture or throw a ball .	我的手是小的 ; 请不期待我做我的床 , 画一张照片或扔球 。
over the last five years , the chronicle found , their median increase , adjusted for inflation , was 19 . 6 percent .	近五年来 , 慢性发现 , 他们的印度增加 , 调整通胀率为19.6% 。
methods the telomerase activity of a 2780 cells was examined by modified trapelisa assay .	方法对2780细胞的血清酶酶活性进行了改性的调查 。
you don't need to make many choices , but if you are wondering what to do , consult the ocap ri project wiki page .	你不需要做很多选择 , 但是如果你想做什么 , 咨询ocap风险项目网页 。
as a freshman , i won't let you down and i believe that i will do my best to cooperate with this team well very soon .	作为一名新鲜人 , 我不会让你下下来 , 我相信我最好的合作 。
emily dickinson lived with her unmarried sister lavinia in an elegant house called the homestead .	埃及住在一个叫做家的家庭 。
then i stayed up the whole night , waving a hardboard to keep mosquitoes from approaching her just like a guard .	然后我住了整个夜晚 , 醒了一个硬盘来保持她的蚊子 。
but when you start thinking about these issues in the context of what you're doing in the meditation , they make it even more stabilizing .	但是当你开始考虑这些问题 , 即使更加稳定 。
yet in practice , we see that government officials belong to the most criminal and " lawless " profession around .	然而 , 我们看到政府官员属于最刑事和 " 法律 " 专业 。
secretary . we're out of time ! you have to give encer acce to the carrion device and have it extracted from the city !	秘密 。 我们离开时间吧 ! 您必须给她带来汽车设备 , 并从城市提取了它 !
to optimize the acoustics , we've built in a series of ports , each with its own unique purpose .	为了最好地建立了一系列运动 , 每个独特的目标 。
in 1946 , anna met her future husband general claire chennault , who was a major war hero in china .	1946年 , 安娜接受她的未来丈夫陈娜·陈纳尔 , 他是中国的主要战争英雄 。
it needs men who can be prompted without an aim except the aim to be on the move , to function , to go ahead .	除了移动的目标 , 要求那些能够推动动的男人 , 要先进 。
this actually i think derives from a greek word , " synkope , " synkope , synkope .	这实际上我认为 , 从希腊词中产生了 " ynkop " , " ynkop , ynkop , ynkop 。
a further effect is the erosion of city revenues , as the propertyvalue base for such taxes continues to shrink .	进一步的效应是城市收入的进一步 , 因为这样的税收仍然继续shrink 。
now the m1 is maybe the best bike in motogp , yamaha have great riders , so it looks like they don’t need me any more .	现在的m1可能是摩托普最好的bibibi , 瑜伽拥有巨大的危险 , 所以它们不需要我 。
for all the joy he bring to my life , for every dream he make come true , for all the love i find in him , i will be forever thankful .	对于我的生命 , 每个梦想来说 , 爱我找到他 , 我永远不会感谢 。
the black ant gains years of working experiences , cooperate with s&w to design special and perfect business plan .	黑抗年的工作经验 , 合作和完美的业务计划 , 为设计特殊和完善的业务计划 。
considering the same characteristic of the large mechanism remote testing , this system can be used in other large mechanism testing process and find farranging application .	考虑大型机械遥控试验的相同特点 , 可用于其他大型机械测试过程 , 找到变换应用 。
one of the most popular recipe apps is epicurious with its 28 , 000 recipes from gourmet and bon appetit .	最受欢迎的应用是目标和博伦竞争的28 , 000个参加者之一 。
growth is slowing worldwide . it weakened from a year earlier in 19 of 26 countries that reported apriljune data .	在196个国家的26个国家报告的4月数据报道 , 增长速度减慢 。
traditionalists wring their hands about the " vaporization of value " and " demonetization " of entire industries .	传统的主义者们把自己的 " 价值变化 " 和 " 共同化 " 的整个工业 。
and your cells making transfer rna , if they make a transfer rna molecule that has here , they only put leucine at the other end .	你的细胞转移rna , 如果他们在这里做一个转移rna分子 , 它们只在另一端 。
relative water content , water saturation deficit , free water , bound water and cell sap concentration were all correlated with pf .	与pf相关的水含量、自由水、边水和细胞盐浓度均与pf相关 。
the two major attacks , one in lahore and the other in quetta , killed more than 100 people and wounded hundreds of others .	两个主要攻击 , 另一位队伍 , 杀死了100多人 , 伤害了数百人 。
it seems that there is no obvious law between the difference of flower colors and the content of total flavonoids .	它似乎没有明显的法律 , 花颜色和总黄酸含量的含量 。
in grand style , the 1996 annual report is made of textured coffeecolored paper created from espresso grounds .	1996年的年轻报告是由斯坦地区创造的文本咖啡纸制成的 。
way home i strode easy steps , wearing sandals , with my heart , " pops , " sings its song .	路上我很容易的步骤 , 穿着我的心 , " 诗 , " 歌曲 。
no , i won't be drinking tonight because i am the designated driver . just give my glass of wine to the designated drunk .	没 , 我晚上没有喝酒 , 因为我是设计的驱动器 , 只要给我的玻璃给我设计的醉酒 。
at last , the difficulties of research on ladderlike polysiloxane are mentioned , and the development prospect is looked forward .	最后 , 探讨了激光聚合物的研究难点 , 提出了发展前景 。
in this paper the fullscale test results of " the customs 301 boat " with or withoutflume tank and seas are presented .	文章介绍了 " 客户301船 " 的完整试验结果 , 还没有流动罐和海岸 。
however , there are other volcanic sites , such as mt etna , and volcanoes in china , that may fit the researchers' model .	然而 , 有其他的火山站 , 比如mtetna和火山 , 可以适合研究人员模型 。
pandu immediately sent out orders for the finest sapphires , rubies , and diamonds that could be had .	帕丁立即将送出最终的沙漠、橡胶和钻石 。
make sure you do not get bogged down with pressure and are allowing yourself some recreational activities like movies and dating .	确保你不会把压力放下来 , 并且允许自己的一些重新活动 , 比如电影和舞蹈 。
she says that among her circle of friends , work choices is the issue that is likeliest to tip their vote away from the government .	她说 , 在她的朋友之间 , 工作选择最有利于把他们的电视从政府中走出来的问题 。
leaders of the two countries have reached consensus on adhering to the general direction of joint development and accelerating consultation .	两国领导人在加盟发展和加速咨询的一般方向上达成了共同方向 。
that's bad news for arjen robben and joe cole and i'm struggling to see how they will earn a regular place in the team .	这是阿森·罗布森和乔莱尔的坏消息 , 我正在寻找他们如何在队中获得正常的地方 。
in a home stay facility safely , water , enjoy pure water of the comfortable , afternoon 4 o 'clock because rain returns .	在家庭住宅里 , 水 , 享受舒适的水 , 下午4日 , 雨回来 。
hence , yu yingshi's textual research on the purity of the ideal world in a dream of red mansions holds little water .	因此 , 杨志的文本研究在红人梦想的梦想世界的梦想世界 。
this is achieved through the elimination , or masking , of both planned and unplanned downtime by eliminating single points of failure .	这是通过消除或制造的 , 两个计划 , 通过减少单点失败的单点 。
right arm likelycontinuing recovery , as the left arms remains fixed while the left wrist flexesto initiate the pull .	右臂可能继续恢复 , 左臂仍然固定 , 而左腕 。
objective: to study the expression of angiotensin ii type 1 receptor in hyperoxia induced chronic lung diseased .	目的:探讨高氧诱导慢性肺疾病的表达 。
contains response information returned as a result of a registration lookup table refresh operation on the peer resolver .	包含响应信息返回作为注册表示新鲜操作的结果 。
amendements any amendments to this contract shall be in the form of addendum in writing be signed by the buyer and the seller .	在购买者和销售商签订的任何建议中 , 应当在此合同中签署任何建议 。
high speed computing center in institute of space science provides high speed computing environment for students and faculty .	高速计算中心的空间科学院提供高速计算环境 , 为学生和家庭提供了高速计算环境 。
after having obtained the degree of licenciéès sciences , i entered ourisson's laboratory in october of 1960 .	在1960年10月 , 我进入了我们的实验室 。
gpo's catalog of us government publications — a searchable database of federal publications , with links to those available online .	美国政府公开的资料库 , 联邦公开的链接连接在线 。
between 2006 and 2010 , the u . s . pto did not award a single patent to any chinabased units of five out of the 10 companies .	2006年至2010年之间 , 美国pto并没有进入中国基于10家公司的一个专利 。
although anticipates to make the direction , but zhao wei also stressed that the performance work delimits the rests by no means .	虽然反对制造方向 , 但赵同样强调性能的工作承诺不意味着 , 但赵伟也应该强调 。
second , hayek and robbins stress that the keynespigou skepticism about private frugality is shortsighted	第二 , 哈利和罗宾应该强调私人水果的关键主义 , 短缺私人水果的关键主义 。
the spartans in ancient greece were a nation that paid the greatest attention to eugenics and exercised important influences .	古希腊的西班牙人是一个重要影响力的国家 。
constrained by its size , the virus uses overlapping shifted reading frames to generate the full complement of proteins .	根据其大小 , 病毒使用超级阅读框架来生成完整的蛋白 。
the second dimension is that you need much more fiscal stimulus — in the countries that can afford it — that is frontloaded .	第二维是 , 您需要更多的财政刺激 , 在这个国家可以加强它 , 这是前载的 。
clean and exfoliate your face by washing it with lemon juice . you can also dab lemon juice on blackheads to draw them out during the day .	清洁 , 用柠檬汁洗洗脸 , 还可以在黑头上抽出柠檬汁 。
objective: to modify and develop the syndrome differentiation of threeyang and threeyin discussed in the classic of treatise on febrile disease .	目的:探讨三阳和三苯三甲基酸在可行性疾病的经典应用 。
not in indoor optional piled up some flammable and explosive substances , indoor to absolute forbid fireworks .	不要选择一些可燃烧和爆炸物质 , 室内吸收燃烧火 。
extends capabilities to automatically locate all databases , in both production and test environments , for monitoring and protection .	自动地点所有数据库 , 在生产和测试环境下 , 为监测和保护 。
domestically , our customers include bao steel , handan steel , anyang steel , jiugang group , and other large iron and steel groups .	国内外 , 我们的客户包括竹钢 , 手钢 , 珠宝集团 , 其他大型铁集团 。
the u . s . secret service estimates that some $1 billion of counterfeit u . s . dollars are printed every year .	美国秘密服务估计 , 每年都印刷1亿美元的美国美元 。
teacher's professional ethics in tao xingzhi's thought derived from two aspects: history and practice .	老师教师的专业生态 , 从两个方面来看 , 历史和实践 。
in this paper , selforganize competition neural network is applied in the parameters' identification of asynchronous motor .	本文采用自组织竞争神经网络 , 参数对同步电机的识别进行了应用 。
objective to establish a hplc method for the simultaneous assaying of compound ofloxacin and ketotifen nasal sprays .	目的建立一种hplc方法 , 为复合材料和ketifennasray的合成方法 。
it’s possible the u . s . defense establishment knew that china had cracked the f117’s secrets .	这可能是美国防御建立的可能性 , 中国已经破坏f17的秘诀 。
according to a recent survey , about 78 . 9% of the college students want to further their study after their graduation .	根据最近的调查 , 大学生的学生希望进一步进一步研究 。
there's a ghost often described as harassment of human evil , was on behalf of justice for the eradication of momotaro .	人类邪恶的暴力通常被描述为人类邪恶的危害 , 是蒙塔罗的正义 。
the high aperture ratio is achieved by overlapping ito pixel electrode and bus line using a photo_sensitive polymer .	采用光敏聚合物 , 实现了高温率 , 利用光敏聚合物 , 得到了高温电极和汽车线 。
and the financial situation for graduates was especially bad , with half saying they had so much student debt they could not save .	毕业生的金融状况特别是坏的 , 半说他们不能节省的学生债务 。
among his hit series , charlie's angels , love boat , dynasty , beverly hills 90210 and melrose place .	其中 , 在他的山系列 , 查尔利的角色 , 爱船 , 唐代 , 永远山90210和梅罗地 。
the joint un programme on hiv/aids has set up a commission to study the disease and its impacts on development in asia and the pacific .	根据hiv/aid的联合项目 , 建立了对亚洲的疾病及其发展的影响 。
as rosenblatt notes , criticism of black writing has often served as a pretext for expounding on black history .	黑写作的批评者经常为黑人历史上暴露的前景 。
you should be reminded that you will be disqualified to attend any revelant events about this conference unless you give correct and complete information .	您应该提醒 , 您将参加任何关于这个会议 , 除非你给正确和完成信息 。
its bold engineer , thomas senkel , took the machine on its first manned flight this week lasting 1 minute 30 seconds .	它的焊接工程师 , 托马斯·塞尔在这周的第一次人飞机上拍了机器 。
in view of my shallow knowledge , the lack of practical experience , the text of the error in the hope that readers criticized .	在我应该知识的方面 , 缺乏实践经验 , 希望读者批评的文本 。
at this moment , for me , the heart of earth is this sleepless spring night , greeting this early morning in tranquil meditation .	对于我来说 , 地球的心脏是这个睡眠的夜晚 , 希望这早晨的早晨 。
“migrants shouldn’t be treated so cruelly , ” says a despairing parent . “they are so prejudiced towards us . ”	" 史密人不应该治疗 , " 一位失望父母说 , " 这就是我们的预测 。 "
the museum showcases animated characters from the studio's catalog of films and has a handson exhibit of an animation studio .	博物馆展示了影片的动画特点 , 展示了一场戏剧的动画室 。
join the flames together about a third of the way or midway from the base of the fire and have the flames separated going up from that point .	加入火焰的第三条途径 , 从火场分离出来 , 使火焰分离出来 。
night , quietly into the west , overlooking the earth 's subtle or , how many shadow hovers in the imagination of the edge ?	晚上 , 安静地进入西方 , 把地球的底部或许多阴影在边缘的想象中 ?
when she whipped her silver mare on her right flank the mare went left , for a horse's first instinct is to flee from danger .	当她把她的银子放在她右边的时候 , 马上第一个投资就是从危险中逃避 。
the results show that transverse rolling sheet could create comparatively perfect structure due to the occurrence of secondary recrystallization .	结果表明 , 由于第二次记录的发生 , 转换壳壳体的结构可以产生比较完美的结构 。
rfx and dfx move data between the current record of the data source and the field data members of a recordset object .	rfx和dfx移动数据源之间的rfx和dfx数据组成器 。
coordinating the balance of nitrogen supplicattion and nitrogen requirement by fertilizing made the rice yield stable and high .	利用肥胖的水稻产稳定和高的氮化要求 , 结合氮供应和氮的平衡 。
furthermore each post with a new queen bee who led the subbed , then , look at the number inside the nest almost no honey .	另外 , 每个诗人都带领了一个新的季节 , 然后看近几乎没有蜜蜂的数量 。
if johnson left camp with his crew to rebuild a road or a blownout bridge , gilbert waited for his return .	如果约翰逊离开卡车 , 他的crew重建路线或布鲁诺桥 , gilbert等待他的回来 。
it has been proved that the adopted diversity heat treatment is a new method of realizing different property on relevant rotor forgings locations .	通过多样热处理方法 , 证明了相关的旋转位置的不同性能 。
product description: 1 ) novel appearance , beautiful printing and attractive color can upgrade the package of the drug ;	产品描述:1 ) 小说出现 , 美丽的印刷 , 吸引颜色可以增加药品包 ;
since then , fathers had been honored and recognized by their families throughout the country on the third sunday in june .	于是 , 父亲在6月第三日在三天的第三天 , 父亲被认识到 。
why do so many of us plonk ourselves down in front of the telly with a microwave meal after a tiring day ? because it's convenient ?	为什么我们在一天的时候 , 为什么很多人把自己带着微波饭 , 因为它是方便吗 ?
since json is just plain text with a simple bracketed structure , many channels can exchange a json message .	由于json只是一个简单的框架 , 许多通道可以交换json消息 。
drivers and attendants of emergency vehicles , unable to abandon their posts , died where they had stopped to give aid and assistance .	驾驶员和参加紧急车辆 , 无法阻止他们的邮件 , 死亡他们停止给援助和援助 。
kevin rudd made a pact with the voters of australia last night to step forward with them and forge a new future for the nation .	最后一晚 , 澳大利亚的投票人 , 与他们前进 , 忘记了一个新的未来的未来 。
this article studies the reactionmechanism of oligomerization of butadiene and the situation of reaction product utilization .	本文研究了反应产品利用现状的反应机理及反应产品的现状 。
once you start to look really closely , our wild flowers are as intimately beautiful as anything we cultivate in a garden .	一旦你开始寻找真正的 , 我们的野花就像我们在花园里培养的任何东西 。
this wellpreserved painting is among thousands that were discovered on a 2008 expedition to document rock art in australia .	这个好的绘画是在澳大利亚的文档摇滚艺术中发现的数千人之一 。
life time is short...everyone has the right to enjoy life , to enjoy beatiful things , including this little gift .	生命时间短 , 永远有享受生命的权利 , 享受美丽的东西 , 包括这个小礼物 。
the effective up papaya soup red wine , red wine , the official website of papaya soup , wine , papaya soup with effect ?	红葡萄酒 , 红葡萄酒 , 酒 , 酒 , 酒 , 酒 , 酒 , 茶汤有效吗 ?
the results showed that the age of shaoxing ducks and dietary cp level significantly affected the cp retention ratio .	研究结果表明 , 股东鸭年龄和饮食cp水平显著影响cp注释率 。
the new collections of custom furs around town reveal plenty of folderol , but there are practical things too .	城镇新收集的自定制 , 显示了很多折叠 , 但还有实际事物 。
china international pro audio , light , music & technology exhibition undertaken by ceta is held each year from may to june .	中国国际音乐、音乐、音乐和技术展览下 , 每年5月举行 。
therefore , it can be deduced that the doping level of the pani film increases with film thickness during film growing process .	因此 , 在膜增长过程中 , 可以减少膜厚度的增加 。
the imt of carotid artery and the area of carotid atherosclerosis plaque significantly reduced compared with control group .	与控制组相比 , 心肌动脉和心肌动脉的相比 , 显著降低了心肌动脉动脉的作用 。
this paper summaries the structure of vsam file , and the data space , catalog , protection of data and functions of vsam .	综述了vsam文件的结构 , 以及数据空间、数据保护、vam的数据和功能 。
methods 358 lesions of 79 stable vitiligo patients were treated 10 to 30 times with 308 nm excimer laser .	方法对79例稳定病人治疗10到308例nm激光患者进行358例 。
relevent suggestions for smooth progress of the 2nd generation peasant workers " citizenization are rasied in the last part . "	相关的建议在最后一部分引起了2nd生成农民工的相关建议 。
those who preferred agency service enjoyed the agencies in shorter distance , lower cost and managed or supervised by the government .	那些喜欢在短距离、低成本、管理或监督政府的机构 。
the authors then assess their influence on physical and mechanical properties of rock in the three gorges reservoir area .	然后对三峡储层区的物理性能和机械性能进行了评价 。
if the machine where these servers are deployed is close to the minimum disk or ram requirements , then they should be reconfigured .	如果这些服务器部署的机器关闭最小磁或ram要求 , 那么他们应该重新配置 。
methods patients were divided into different groups , then all patients underwent renal color doppler energy imaging examinations .	方法分为不同组的患者 , 然后所有患者都明显地理解肾肿瘤肿瘤的能量检查 。
li glass in no mood to li junkai smile , always wipe out drunk that night with liu qian hui sex scenes .	李玻璃在没有母亲的笑容 , 总是用luqianhi的醉酒 。
on the other hand , discontinuing effective antidepressant medication during pregnancy entails a 60% or more risk of relapse .	另一方面 , 在妊娠期间 , 除了有效的抗抑郁药物 , 包含了60%或更换的风险 。
results in animal study , lumbricus could inhibit the growth of staphylococci , bacillus coli and bacillus aeruginosus .	结果在动物学研究中 , 肺癌可能抑制血清细胞生长、基础炎和基础疾病 。
when there are buildings , they're usually poor structures of mud or adobe that don't survive the rainy season .	当建筑物的时候 , 他们通常是贫穷的泥土或吸收雨季 。
i think this could be a significant turning point . i think the economic crisis has shown up the weakness of uncontrolled immigration .	我认为这可能是一个重要的转变点 , 我认为经济危机已经显示了不控制移民的弱点 。
and a universal cpldbased controller for twoamplitude actively clamped resonant dclink inverter is proposed too .	同时提出了一种基于cpld控制器的基于两个模板控制器 。
a criminal complaint charges mooresaia with stealing substantial funds from wells fargo during her time as a bank employee .	在她的银行员工时 , 一个犯罪赔偿的莫萨亚亚和法国基金来自法国基金 , 作为一个银行员工 。
other civil servants shall normally participate in the offthejob training for not less than 12 days accumulatively every year .	其他民事服务人员通常参加职业培训 , 不超过12天 。
the catalytic activated carbon deodorizing device was used for purifying odorous gases in sewage pumping station .	采用催化碳脱硫装置 , 为了在污水泵泵泵中提取食用气体 。
the geonames geographical database is available for download free of charge under a creative commons attribution license .	地理数据库可用于在创造性的范围下载自由下载频率的下载频率 。
mistletoe also known throughout history as the golden bough has several different legends associated with its beginning and its meaning .	米斯托还知道 , 金购买了几种不同的传统和其意义 。
a particle swarm optimization algorithm for low voltage apparatus blanking part layout optimization was presented .	提出了一种低电压表面的特殊游泳优化算法 。
that doesn't sound right . ' and finally the va told me that i was suffering from ptsd — posttraumatic stress disorder .	这并没有声音 。 " 最终我告诉我我我 , 我从ptsd中遭受的压力障碍 。
in the temple courts he found men selling cattle , sheep and doves , and others sitting at tables exchanging money .	在校园课程中 , 他发现男子卖猫 , 羊和其他坐在桌子交换金钱 。
the vbelt equivalent coefficient of friction indicates that the bearing capacity of vbelt is higher than that of flat belt .	摩擦等效系数表明 , vbe带的轴承能力较高 。
children usually have night terrors at the same time each night , generally sometime in the first few hours after falling asleep .	孩子通常在同一晚都有夜恐怖 , 通常在第一小时下午睡后 , 一般有时在下午 。
the incremental cost per lifeyear saved was calculated for all eligible individuals and for highrisk individuals .	计算了各种敏捷的个体和高个体的生命成本 。
others may use the guibased administration tool provided by the container to modify the container based on a specific environment .	另外 , 可以使用基于包含器的管理工具提供基于特定环境的包含器 。
licorice is a nourishing herbal medicine . the indication of licorice is expelling phlegm and arresting coughing .	鉴定是一种保护性药物 , 指标的药物 , 预测phgm和逮捕咳嗽 。
liren rpo consultant process outsourcing service provides part or overall specialized various services to customers during the recruitment .	lnrpo咨询服务提供了各种特殊的服务 , 来在恢复期间 , 客户提供各种特殊的服务 。
for the past fifty or a hundred years , transferred nationalism has been a common phenomenon among literary intellectuals .	在过去的五十年里 , 转移民族主义是文学知识中常见的现象 。
butyraldehyde glycol acetal was synthesized from butyraldehyde and glycol by using iodine as catalyst .	用催化剂合成了黄醛醛醛和甘蔗酸酯 , 用催化剂合成 。
this paper surveys interface automata , timed interface automata , resource interface and gamebased idea in them .	本文对接口自动自动表面、时间接口、资源接口和游戏思想进行研究 。
traumatic events , such as the 9/11 terrorist attacks , also tend to become seared in children's memories .	比如9/1恐怖袭击 , 还会成为孩子的记忆中搜索的搜索 。
therefore , the initiation of semiotic study of the stars is of multidimensionally academic and practical significance .	因此 , 星系半学习的初步研究是多维学术和实践意义 。
students's good or bad will character plays a significant role in achieving teaching objects and teaching task .	学生的良好或坏事会在教学对象和教学任务中扮演重要作用 。
that would undo years of reforms introduced by the liberal democrats to resuscitate japan's longstagnant economy .	这将是由自由民主党引起的改革 , 重新重建日本长期经济的改革 。
the advanced liquid nitrogen truck in the world has been applicated in oilgas production and has got good effect , which was imported in 1994 .	1994年 , 世界上最先进的液氮卡车已适用于油田生产 , 获得了良好的效果 。
sure my strange addiction features people who dress like babies , collect dead things , and compulsively bathe in bleach .	确保我的角色添加特征 , 像婴儿 , 收集死亡的东西 , 尤其是婴儿 。
fdf president ross warburton said the ambition plan showed that members were taking a leading role in developing sustainable food production .	fdf总统罗伯顿说 , 成员计划显示 , 在发展可持续的食品生产中 , 成员正在采取领导作用 。
rover had saved evazan again , by surrounding the doctor with his gelatinous form and dropping from the castle wall .	路透一起 , 路透医生围绕着他的巨大的形式 , 降低了猫墙的下降 。
now let us also retrieve whatever portions of our grid work is our own from others , taking energy only and reweaving the holes and gaps therein .	现在 , 让我们重新检索我们的gid工作的部分 , 我们的能源 , 只要重新重新到洞里 。
for someone who once subsisted on cookies and soda , the road to a wholegrain , occasionally vegetarian life began with this staple .	对于一些人来说 , 有人曾经在烹饪和苏达州的路线 , 尤其是蔬菜生命开始 。
finally , the " interface effect " and the occurrence of polycrystalline during the vgfgaas crystal growth were discussed .	最后 , 讨论了vgfga晶体生长的 " 接口效应 " , 并讨论了多晶体的发生 。
they often retain their telephone numbers , including the area code , when they move from state to state , so it is hard to know where they are .	他们经常保持他们的电话号 , 包括区域代码 , 当他们搬到国家 , 所以他们知道他们是什么 。
methods 11 cases in exacerbation stage were chosen to study . swan ganz catheterization were taken for hemodynamic monitoring .	方法采用11例高血动态监测方法对1例患者进行研究 。
the aim of this thesis was to make some helpful research in this region though the research mode which was built in the thesis was still insufficient .	本文的研究模式是对该区域建立的一些有助的研究模式 , 即使在此基础上建立的研究模式 。
business first , pleasure afterward , as king richard said when he stabbed the other king in the tower , before he smothered the babies .	业务第一 , 高兴 , 王先生说 , 当他坐在塔旁的其他国王时 , 他吸烟了婴儿 。
porous silicon and its preparation technology have been used broadly in the fields of microsensors because of its special p...	由于其特殊pcroser领域的微生物材料 , 采用了大量的硅和制备技术 。
it looks as if that safety device is gone in this campaign and nothing will protect them from the hurt of failure at liverpool this evening .	看起来如果安全设备在这场竞争中得到了 , 即使在利物浦的失败 。
these images are from messenger , a nasa discovery mission to conduct the first orbital study of the innermost planet , mercury .	这些图像是来自senger的 , 一个纳萨发现导致内部植物的第一个轨道研究 。
my former teacher told me that as an english major i should read major barbara , one of the major plays by g . b . shaw .	我的前老师告诉我 , 作为英语大师 , 我应该阅读大巴拉 , 其中一个主要的球员之一 。
jerome sans , curator of the exhibit , says liu's work shows one reality of a modernizing china the people who are left behind .	刘的工作显示 , 刘氏的顾客 , 表示 , 一个现代化的中国人民左后面的现代化 。
with the three treasures he winged his way back to heaven . when he got outside the pearly gates , he decided to examine his mementos .	随着他走回天 , 当他离开珍珠门外的时候 , 他决定检查他的措施 。
they may touch cheeks , lips , chests , legs , and feel their partner’s hand along their back , thighs , or stomach .	他们可能触摸酪、唇、腿、腿部 , 感觉他们的伴侣 , 大腿 , 或胃 。
the regional climate response to land use and land cover changes of arid region in china is studied by a regional climate model .	利用区域气候响应 , 研究了我国地区气候变化的区域气候响应 。
se plays its biofunction through selenoprotein , of which selenoprotein p is a special isoform with 10 se cysteines .	通过传感染色素p的生物功能 , 是一种特殊的细胞 。
it showed that the concentration of chci_3 and ccl_4 were higher in waterworks than in source water , especially for ccl_4 .	结果表明 , 在水源水中 , 尤其是为ccl3和ccl4浓度较高 , 尤其是为ccl4 。
also , it should have a few big bombing scenes that could provide moments of action and destruction , so it is likely to be both fun and titillating .	另外 , 应该有一些大炸弹场景 , 可以提供运动和毁坏 , 所以这两者都是有趣的 。
the bus was reaching the hill top and will go downhill after a turn . the right side of the bus was facing an unfathomable cliff .	汽车正在达到山顶 , 将下跌 , 汽车的右侧面面面面面面面面临不可接近的障碍 。
“i want to be fair to my employees , ” explains mary ellen elia , hillsborough’s superintendent .	" 我想要成为我的员工 , " 玛丽·埃利亚 , 希尔波罗的超级人 。
bookable associated or nonassociated facility such as a commentary position , observer seat , camera position , etc .	书面协会或非相关设施 , 例如一次评论位置、观察器座位、摄像机位等 。
it has been used by science communicators worldwide to develop strategies for involving the public in decisions relating to science progress .	通过科学通信者世界范围 , 开发公共交流策略 , 涉及科学进展 。
denmark led the pack with 72% of people reporting that they were thriving , while the united states came in at no . 12 , with 59% .	丹麦克领导了72%的人报道 , 同时美国在北约12月12日 , 随着59%的59% 。
this article explores these considerations and discusses how an air or watercooled system can help you optimize your mig or tig welding performance .	本文探讨了这些考虑和讨论空气冷却系统能帮助您最优化的小型焊接性能 。
there are some differences among them , the temporization is as much as the transcendent , but they enrich and develop the text theory together .	其中有一些差异 , 温度的差异比传统 , 但他们在一起发展文本理论 。
the academy awards started the visualeffectscategory in 1963 , though it was called “special effects” at the time .	学术奖于1963年的视觉效果 , 虽然它被称为 " 特殊效应 " 。
join exnavy seal richard " mack " machowicz on a wild ride around the globe in search of the ultimate weapon .	在最终的武器搜索中 , 加入海豹 " 麦克 " 机械化 。
i called my dad and it seemed that he had been waiting for the call and picked up and gave me the address incredibly efficiently .	我叫我的爸 , 看起来 , 他正等着电话 , 然后把我放到地址 。
deals heavy damage to your target over 9 seconds , and greatly reduces their armor . only usable from the sides or rear .	在9秒钟的目标上 , 大量降低他们的内存 , 只能从侧或重复使用 。
the division of malaria control of kenya , working with an international research team , has been monitoring the coverage and impact of this intervention .	国际研究团队的马拉利亚控制部门 , 监测该干预的覆盖和影响 。
it can be deployed within 30 minutes , and its selfmanaging , selfhealing capabilities minimize the need for human intervention .	在30分钟内 , 自我管理 , 自我能力最小减少人类干预需求的需要 。
pd ports has submitted plans to develop a us$102 million import centre at teesport for the use of a major uk retailer .	pdport已经承认计划在一个主要的uk零售商使用的主要uk零售商开发一个美国102亿美元的进口中心 。
sentimental , timid and small nonpoint , prince of frozen cold , blunt nerve cavalier , dance big triangle !	情绪 , 无点 , 无点 , 红色的神经节 , 舞蹈大角 !
land disposal laws made it progressively easier for farmers to purchase undeveloped land from the huge public domain .	土地疾病法使农民在大型公共领域购买独立的土地 。
in answer one mode you can set a predefined number and select the number of rings after which the phone should autoanswer .	在答案中 , 您可以设置一个预定的数码 , 并选择电话的数量应该自动答案 。
approximately 20 , 000 employees at over 800 locations worldwide provide technology , system and knowhow optimization .	世界上800名员工提供技术 , 系统和知识优化 。
the next time you experience one of these emotions and you cannot figure out where it came from perhaps it came before your physical birth .	下一次你经历了这些情绪之一 , 你不能在你的身体生命之前来到那里 。
china , in short , would like to consolidate its industry into companies resembling bloomberg , time warner and viacom , analysts say .	分析师说 , 中国 , 在短期内 , 希望加强其工业 , 将重新记住布洛伯格 , 时间战争和维拉克 。
if a rac node stops working , oracle will not failover the dtp service until the oracle rac cleanup and recovery is complete .	如果一个rac节点停止工作 , 或者acle将不会失败dtp服务 , 直到轨道清洁和恢复完成 。
in the nottoodistant past , a developing nation tended to be seen as a country that lacked access to modern technology .	在过去的过程中 , 一个发展国家正在被视为缺乏现代技术的国家 。
objective to investigate the evaluation of fdgpet delayed image in diagnosis of malignant neoplasm in abdomen .	目的探讨fdpet在腹腔镜诊断中的应用价值 。
this paper analysed the traits of emergence of malodor contamination in summer and put forward corresponding manipulative measures .	本文分析了夏季大量污染的特点 , 提出了正确的管理措施 。
methods: by means of colorimetry the complex was determined by combining picric acid and berberine hydrochloride .	方法:用色谱法测定复合磷酸和berine水解法测定复杂的方法 。
li yiliang was relieved of duties as delegate of the sichuan people's congress due to suspect of taking bribes .	李丽丽是由于承担贿赂的嫌疑 , 由于在四川人民的国会 。
word of this follows earlier proposals from political advisors , calling on the government to relax the policy .	此之后 , 政府呼吁政府放松政策的政治顾问 。
the reason why the whitecollars suffer increasing workrelated stress is that they pursue work achievement in career .	因此 , 为什么白酒会增加工作压力的原因是他们追求工作成就 。
and then all this earthquake happened , i thought , is that karma ? when you are not nice that bad things happen to you .	然后 , 所有这个地震发生了 , 我认为卡尔玛 ? 当你不知道坏事情发生的时候 。
when codified , this collective knowledge makes a valuable extension to software patterns and classified as antipatterns .	当配置的时候 , 这个集体知识使软件模式和分类为抗ipter 。
in this article , the recent achievement and application of magnetic polymer microspheres for immobilized enzyme are summarized .	综述了近年来的磁聚合物聚合物的应用及应用 。
elephant trunklike dust pillars point towards the hot blue stars and are telltale signs of their eroding effect .	相反的银屑指向热蓝星 , 被告诉他们血液效应的智能信号 。
but very old unix and linux systems didn't implement the protective mechanism snprintf is supposed to implement .	但是 , 很旧的固定和linux系统并没有实现保护机制nntf的保护机制 。
if a shipper should use a p . o . box address , the recipients telephone number must be included on the label .	如果船员应该使用p.box地址 , 那么机电话号必须包含在实验室 。
that is the kind of study that we need to have in order to make a final decision about how long we really need to continue dual antiplatelet therapy .	这是我们需要做最后决策的研究 , 我们真正需要继续反复治疗 。
for whatever reason , i tend to think of him as a lowprofile “insider , ” but his publication history belies this image .	无论是什么原因 , 我想他是一个低级 " ider " , 但他的公共历史相信这幅图像 。
vila formerlyequaly sneaked in the goal for the national sports team , this time he scored against england .	维拉前锋在国际运动团队的目标 , 这次他对英格兰进行攻击 。
the parents of old is old son return very jubilate , let an eldest son help its arrange the job immediately .	老儿的父母是老儿子回来很好 , 让一个孩子帮助自己的工作 。
the energy centres are located at major branchings of the human nerve system from the base of the spine to the top of the head .	能源中心位于人类神经系统的基础上 , 从头部的顶端 。
you must trust your instinct when deciding on one specific business motivational speaker to rule and guide your team .	当确定一个特定的业务运动员规则和指导你的团队的时候 , 你必须信任您的昆虫 。
an initial version of a new connection web site , the clinical and translational science network , will be launched soon .	新连接网站的初始版本 , 临床科学网络 , 将很快发布 。
breakage is an important factor to influence wetting deformation of coarsegrained materials ; and farther study is necessary .	破坏是影响燃烧材料的重要因素 ; 研究必要的必要性 。
the working principle of 3d scanning with structured light and the system calibration of atos optical scanner are introduced .	介绍了三维扫描机的工作原理 , 介绍了光学扫描器的系统构造原理 。
the world health organization has sent inspectors to the granjas carroll farm . the results of the investigation have not been announced .	世界卫生组织已经发表到格兰卡罗斯农场的检查人员 , 调查结果不被宣布 。
signing signature right have the attribute of personal right , involving status right and personality right , and property right and absolute right .	签名权有个人权的属性 , 涉及状态权和个性权利 , 属性权和绝对权利 。
this article is a perspective study on its physical , chemical , biological properties and the immunochemical detecting methods .	本文研究了其物理、化学性能和免疫化学检测方法 。
general macarthur described the weapon as " one of the strongest contributing factors to our victory in the pacific " .	通用宏观描述了武器作为我们的胜利因素之一的 " 强烈贡献因素之一 。
but the team concluded that those anomalies were created by jumbling of strata when debris flowed back into the crater after the impact .	但是 , 团队结论 , 这些原子被破坏后的冲击引起的时候 , 这些原子被破坏 。
likewise must the deacons be grave , not doubletongued , not given to much wine , not greedy of filthy lucre ;	同样 , 必须是灰色的 , 不要双子 , 不给太多葡萄酒 , 没有绿色的薄膜结构 ;
the two size mixtures of grafting starch and pva1799 were blending , and the stability of solution system was analyzed .	分析了移植淀粉和pva179混合的两种大小混合物 , 并对溶液稳定性进行了分析 。
the preconcentrated juice is provided to a multieffect evaporator , which removes a second portion of water to form a concentrate .	中央法官提供了一种多效的蒸馏剂 , 除了第二部分水 , 形成了集中 。
in the summer of 1974 , an ancient junk of sung dynasty was excavated in quanzhou bay , fujian province .	在1974年夏天 , 宋代的古代玉湾 , 福建省的福州湾 。
to say that travel is the luxury – and not necessity – of the fossil fuel generation is an oversimplification .	为了说 , 旅游是奢侈---不必要的 , 化石燃料生成是一种简化的 。
this is in vertical position . 149 . 9 but i would think that the uncertainty of my measurement is probably 1 millimeter .	这是一般的位置 。 149.9 , 但是我认为我测量的不确定性是1千米 。
this paper is an analysis on the current situation of internal accounting control within the agricultural research institutions .	本文对农业研究机构内部帐户控制现状进行了分析 。
glass shows chemical inertness in the daily environment and does not react with living things , so it has extensive applications .	玻璃在日常环境中显示化学意义 , 没有反应生物的反应 , 因此它具有广泛的应用 。
the first total synthesis of squamosamide was achieved in seven steps by us , with an over all yield of 14% .	利用14%的产量 , 获得了平衡合成的总合成 , 获得了14%的14% 。
for example , if the registrar at a university is also taking courses , he or she may play the role of both student and registrar .	例如 , 如果大学注册课程也是教授 , 他或者她也可以扮演学生和重建的角色 。
migration results of the seg foothills overthrust model synthetic data shows that this approach is in high imaging accuracy .	仿真结果表明 , 这种方法在图像精度高 。
we will ensure an adequate supply of agricultural products and increase farmers’ incomes through multiple channels .	我们将确保农业产品和农民收入 , 增加农民的收入 。
objective to know mycobacterium culture , bacterial type and medicine sensitiveness of outerpulmonary tuberculosis .	目的了解外肺癌性肿瘤的细菌培养、细菌类型和药敏感性 。
analysis has been carried out on the main factors which make the whole structure to be simplified , dutylightened and visualized .	分析了整体结构简化、双重化和视觉化的主要因素 。
synergism of certain essential oils when mixed with other essential oils or synthetic insecticides .	当混合其他原料油或合成剂的合成时 , 某些原料油的合成主义 。
this means , there are no hidden elements that could improve the renderings later , making it easier for you to follow along .	这意味着 , 没有隐藏元素 , 可以提高重新 , 使它很容易跟踪 。
this example presents graphically , . the confidence level and uncertainty limit of gaussian of uniform r . v . .	这个例子显示 , 统一rv的信心水平和非确定限制 。
the tube deformation characteristics on assel mill are deformation concentrating at shoulder and wall thickness in rolling zone increasing .	在滚动区的应力和墙厚度的变形特征 , 增加了滚动区的变形特征 。
generally that , do not the history of the private sector is not yet included in the official history of the history books .	一般来说 , 私营部门的历史并不包括历史上官方历史的官方历史 。
the 21st century is info society , and info security is one of the part of our national security stratagems .	第21世纪是社会 , 福利安全是我国安全战略的一部分之一 。
the effects of particle size of tungsten powders and tac quantity on densification and grain size were investigated .	研究了钨粉的粒子尺寸和陶瓷质量对密度和粒子尺寸的影响 。
the drug resistant rates of two kinds of staphylococcus were similar , drug resistance to vancomycin was both 0 .	药物耐药率相似 , 耐药性耐药率为0 。
stealth technologies , target characteristics and detection technologies for the stealth cruise missile are discussed .	讨论了钢筋混凝土混凝土工艺、目标特点和检测技术 。
objective to study high frequency color doppler ultrasound in pulmonary artery place affection imaging on children .	目的探讨高频彩色多普勒超声对儿童的影响 。
the third rules are has carried on the numerical control complex components the processing programming as well as the simulation process .	数值控制复杂组件处理程序以及模拟过程 。
objective: to discuss the feasibility of twodimensional ion chamber array in daily quality assurance of accelerator .	目的:探讨两维离子膜的可行性 。
educational ethnography is a research model or method that is applied the paradigm of ethnography in educational environment .	教育学是教育环境的研究模式或方法 。
with the rapid development of industrialization today , industrial accident have become a common personal injury accident .	随着工业化的迅速发展 , 工业事故已经成为一个常见的个人伤害事故 。
however , the poll showed people were less willing to date someone with a lifelong sexually transmitted disease or someone with poor hygiene .	然而 , 调查显示 , 人们对生活性传播疾病或贫穷的危险 。
using coordinate rotation based on pwave particle vibration , aligning the source components at different depths have been achieved .	利用基于p波粒子振动的协调转变 , 实现了不同深度不同深度的源组件 。
electric heating pads are cumbersome , generally inflexible , and don't work away from a source of electricity .	电热模式是数字 , 一般灵活 , 无论从电源来源来自电源 。
" zhuangzi " is the the warring states period zhuangzhou's works , which is one of the important classics of taoism .	" 张州 " 是当代战争状态 , 张州的作品之一 , 这是太空主义的重要类型之一 。
the other compounds or treatment concentrations had no clear attractive or repellent action against the female adults .	另外的化合物或治疗浓度没有明确的吸引力或反对女性成年的活动 。
oblivious to its cause , this scientist called the photography company and ordered a replacement for the " defective " film .	显然 , 这种科学家称为照片公司 , 订单了 " 缺陷 " 影片 。
today and the coming next 10 days , i will be doing overtime at chq due to the huge amount of customer orders .	今天 , 接下来10天 , 我将在chq的大量客户秩序做 。
he said he would ask congress to increase aid to pakistan but in return he expected pakistan to tackle the safe havens .	他说 , 他将要求国会增加巴基斯坦 , 但在他期待巴基斯坦重新返巴基斯坦 。
if i use mms early and wisely , i may never have another cold , bronchitis , flu , or pneumonia in the future .	如果我使用mmmmms早期和智慧 , 我从来没有另一个冷却 , bronchiti , 流感或肺炎 。
maybe there will be some kind of backlash when they hit adolescence , but at least they will have had most of their lives to assimilate the information .	可能会有一些背景 , 但至少他们都有他们的生活 , 他们就会刺激信息 。
eclipse lets you automatically generate the hashcode and equals methods for your classes so you don't have to do it yourself .	eclipse允许您自动生成hco代码和同样的方法 , 所以你不需要做自己 。
the architect determines which use cases can be implemented by preexisting applications or services and which use cases need to be constructed or extended .	用例可以通过预先应用程序或服务实现的架构确定 , 用例需要建立或扩展 。
we should rather recognize in it the speculative spirit of our language rising above the me 'eitheror' of understanding .	我们应该在我们的语言上识别 " 理解 " 的理解上提高语言精神 。
because microflows perform better than longrunning processes , use a microflow for your proxy process implementation if possible .	由于微流量比运行过程更好 , 使用您的xy流程实现 , 如果可能性能更好 。
but the stapes would not take on its familiar role as a component of the terrestrially adapted tympanic ear for millions of years .	然而 , 星期不会把其熟悉角色作为一个严格适应现代耳朵的典型元素 。
kim jongil inspects the newlybuilt kanggye farm at chagang province . photo released on december 11 , 2009 .	2009年12月1日发布的照片发布了12月1日 , 2009年12月1日 。
red colobus monkeys would be among the primates most threatened by warminginduced leaf changes , a new study says .	新研究报告称 , 红色核心键将是由温暖的叶变化而导致的最严重的 。
inspired participation in your game is choosing to engage in something that matters to you , playing it fully and enjoying it .	参加你的游戏的参与是选择在某种事情中选择的事情 , 使它充分享受它 。
you shouldn't ask your date if they're having a good time , and you shouldn't ask the interviewer how you did at the end of the interview .	你不要问你的日期 , 如果他们有很好的时间 , 你不应问你在采访结束的结束 。
and us retail major walmart has ruled that from 2008 , all its deep freezers in the us and worldwide will be lit up with leds .	我们零售主要的沃尔玛已经从2008年运行 , 美国和世界范围内的深度冻结了 。
the authors noted that prospective , randomized , placebocontrolled trials are needed to confirm the findings of this observational study .	作者指出 , 随机化、地板控制试验需要确认该观察的发现 。
you know no more about unicorns than i do , for i've read the same books and heard the same stories , and i've never seen one either .	你知道不多关于我做的事情 , 因为我阅读了同样的书 , 听到同样的故事 , 我从来没有见过一个 。
he says p2p players do almost everything that banks do—market products , evaluate borrowers , underwrite and service loans .	他说 , p2p球员几乎做银行的所有东西 , 评价浏览器、下文和服务贷款 。
in the case of the sales house the program required linear movement from one end of the building to the other as a device to move people through .	在销售房的例子里 , 该项目需要的线性运动至另一个设备 , 以移动人们 。
tea attained the prime in tang dynasty , which spread from southwest china through yangtze river over thousands of years .	茶在唐代的首先 , 从南方的江流过千年 。
after a long day at the office , you might be inclined to stagger home and collapse in front of your new flatscreen television .	在办公室之前 , 你可能会在家里停止家庭和崩溃 , 在你的新平台电视前 。
in india , 8 . 6% of girls aged between 15 and 19 are having babies ; in nepal , that figure tops 10% .	印度 , 印度 , 8.6%的女孩在15岁和19岁之间的孩子 , 在下一步 , 图10% 。
kate's story examines kate's life as a photographer and accessories buyer , as well as being a party girl .	凯尔的故事检查家的生命是摄影师和访问买家 , 同时也是党女孩 。
everyone can make you smile . many people can make you cry . but it takes someone really special to make you smile with tears in your eyes .	每个人都可以笑 , 很多人都能让你哭泣 , 但它会让你笑着泪 。
as former marine and dog handler mike dowling put it in an interview , " as long as the dog is with the handler , he's loving life . "	正如前海军和狗手迈克 , 把它放在一次采访中 , " 只要狗是手工 , 他失去生活 。 "
also while he was at disney , burton developed his blackandwhite short frankenweenie , about a boy who revives his dead dog .	尽管他在迪尼 , 布尔顿开发了他的黑白白白色短缺的弗兰克·福尼 , 约一位男孩接受死狗 。
one expert argued that , for years , the united states has underinvested in technologies to make automobiles more fuelefficient .	一位专家认为 , 美国已经在技术上投资的技术 , 使汽车更加丰富 。
people who are worried about losing their jobs do things that keep them from getting laid off they drink less and take fewer risks .	那些担心失业的工作人员 , 让他们从饮食中减少 , 减少一些风险 。
pointing at a large concrete building in central zlitan , the man added: " they have a close watch on all our movements .	指出 , 在中央zlitan中心建筑的大型混凝土建筑物: " 他们看着我们的运动 。
hi frank if u had to release a single wot type of stuff would using about and would u like to do a duet wiv anyone ?	hirank如果u必须发布一个单一的ttuf会使用 , uuuuctvvvvvw的人呢 ?
but when it comes to studenttofaculty ratio , their rankings drop , with tsinghua at 22th and peking at 23rd .	但是当它来学生的比赛时 , 他们的跑步下降 , 新华在22-3rd 。
the paper has put forward a new method for quickly and accurately predicting the shelf life of silastic with the least experiments and cost .	本文提出了一种快速预测硅自我生命的新方法 , 最小的实验和成本 。
also check out your cellphone or pda—you'll never miss a deadline when your schedule is in your pocket or purse .	另外 , 检查你的手机或pda-yo'永远不会错过你的手机或追求 。
in fact , susquehanna says , in january “kayak was priceline’s fifth largest source of traffic worldwide . ”	事实上 , 苏珊娜说 , 在一月份 , 价格第五大贸易世界的最大资源 。
we want 4 . 000 friends to our account only from greece and who will be mainly be advertising companies or type centers !	我们想要4000个朋友来自希腊 , 主要是广告公司或类型中心 !
those who believe that transparency has inherent value , or that it should be the norm , may initially have difficulties with this approach .	那些相信 , 传统的价值 , 或者应该是正常 , 最初可以与这个方法有困难 。
you can use this technique when you need to separate an input array into two or more smaller arrays based on criteria in the input data .	您可以使用这种技术 , 当您需要分离输入数据的时候 , 根据输入数据分开两个或更小的阵列 。
the dow jones industrial average rose 178 . 08 points , or 1 . 53 percent , at 11 , 836 . 04 .	门琼斯工业平均平均平均每公斤178.08点 , 或1.53% , 836.04 。
it's a step up , procedurally , from the bigbang model , in that it at least requires some idea of what the product requirements are .	这是一个步骤 , 从大型模型来说 , 至少要求产品需求的一些思想 。
high quality steamed bread was made with adding a proper quantity of baking soybean flour or dietary fiber made from soybean hulls .	采用高质量蒸馏剂 , 加入豆黄料或糖纤维 , 制备高质量的蒸馏剂 。
the chemist jeanbaptiste dumas , french minister of agriculture , was charged with stopping the epidemic .	化学家janbaptite杜马 , 农业部长 , 停止药物 。
lee scott , the boss of walmart , the world's biggest retailer , is said to see great scope for improving his supply chain .	李科特 , 世界上最大的零售商 , 据说 , 为了提高供应链的大规模 。
and , israel continues to amass ground troops around gaza in preparation for a possible ground offensive .	并且 , 伊拉尔继续在加沙制备可能的地面开采 。
tourists go to the beach , they go to lamu island , they go to malindi , they go to mombasa , they sit and drink beer .	旅游者走到海滩 , 他们去拉姆岛 , 他们去马尔迪 , 他们坐在莫巴萨 , 他们坐着喝啤酒 。
sife is an incubator , breeding a lovingheart , nourishing selfconfidence and producing many a young group which can do well .	sif是一个基础者 , 将自我信心和产生很多年轻的年轻组 , 可以做好好 。
it is the cunning of reason , no doubt , but one has to recognize the cunning of the reasoner , and take one's hat off to him .	这是原因 , 没有疑问 , 但是一个人必须认识原因 , 要求一次发生他 。
more gratifying is the fabric after cold rolling feel softer , quality improves , as benign and usher in a new customer .	更加激光的是冷轧感觉 , 质量提高 , 作为新的客户 。
using pictures taken with the spitzer space telescope , scientists first removed light from closer stars and galaxies .	通过照片 , 科学家首先从克隆星和加勒斯星中删除灯光 。
help your child set her own achievable goals she'll learn to take pride in herself and rely less on approval or reward from others .	帮助你的孩子设置自己的成就目标 , 她会学会在她自己的价格 , 依赖于其他人 。
second , libya's cities and oases are islands in a sea of sand and of pivotal importance as supply depots .	第二 , 利比亚的城市和奥运会是沙漠和猪肉的重要性 。
other names for this bird are celebes imperial pigeon , celebes green imperial pigeon and green imperial pigeon .	这个鸟类的其他名字是细胞胚胎 , 细胞生长和绿色的猪 。
keep it clean , clear , pseudo impartial , but definitely focused on benefits for specific customers .	保持清洁 , 清洁 , 清洁 , 清洁 , 但确切关注特定客户的利益 。
a major part of economic theory deals with largescale phenomena such as stock market fluctuations or gross national products .	大规模现象的经济理论 , 比如股市市场流动或葡萄牙国家产品的大型现象 。
step 7: social life giving yourself a break from the activity which is stressing you is as good a relaxation tool as any .	步骤7:社会生活让自己从活动中破坏自己的活动 , 压力你是很好的放松工具 。
and in the case of the completely inelastic collisions that we have seen last time , we lost kinetic energy , which was converted to heat .	在最后我们看到的时候 , 我们失去的动力能量 , 这是转换热量 。
also , gypsies may be buying pieces of land on green belts and have little or no knowledge of the administration system .	另外 , gyps也可以购买绿带的土地 , 并且没有知识管理系统 。
spanish is what we call a " romance " language , meaning that it is based on latin , the language of the ancient roman empire .	西班牙是我们称为 " 浪漫 " 语言 , 意味着它基于拉丁语言 , 古罗马帝国的语言 。
apple is allowing publishers to set their own prices , and the titles shown at the demo retailed for $12 . 99 and under .	苹果是允许出版商设置自己的价格 , 并且在民主零售量为12.9美元 。
he says celebrities who act like they do not want to be photographed are hypocrites who secretly adore the attention .	他说 , 像他们不想拍摄的照片 , 那些秘密的注意力 。
a hardness separation system for steel ball based on preventive multifrequency testing eddy current technology was presented .	提出了一种基于预防多频测试染色电流技术的硬度分离系统 。
this creates a field with a matching label on the design canvas and automatically binds the field to the node in the instance .	这是一个配置的实验室和自动绑定字段 , 将字段绑定到实例中 。
the activities of pod in the serum , muscle and hepatopancreas of the injected shrimp remained stable .	血清、肌肉和肝脏胰岛素的活动仍然稳定 。
but he was a gallant warrior , and when he rose to make his final adieu his mouth was grimly set and his shoulders were squared .	然而他是一个伟大的战争 , 当他玫瑰使他的母亲的时候 , 他的肩膀正等着他的肩膀 。
for example , belgium sent four f16 jets and 150 military personnel to help with the libyan nofly zone .	例如 , 贝尔玛发出了四大jet和150名军事人员帮助利比亚区的帮助 。
redwinged blackbirds were perched on fence posts . farmers were out in their fields , preparing for another season .	红色的黑鸟在他们的领域 , 农民在他们的领域制备了另一个季节 。
the state could not curtail such activities without inflaming the entire populace , although it periodically tried .	国家不能在整个人口 , 尽管它经常尝试这样的活动 。
one brand that's hot in the fashion world is miro , and its trendy designs of clothing and shoes originate in barcelona .	这个时尚世界的一个品牌是米罗 , 它的趋势 , 在巴塞罗那初创的设计 。
but days later , experiencing something similar while i was alone triggered a memory that made me miss andy acutely .	但是 , 后来 , 专业了一些类似的事情 , 当我一直触发了我错误的记忆 。
at the same time , close study of the text has been an ample reward to use for the effort expended , as we hope it will be to others .	同时 , 文本的关闭研究是一种利用努力支出的努力 , 因为我们希望它是其他的 。
the paper is concerned with two aspects:a necessary and sufficient condition for convex hull of a set in e2 being closed ;	本文关注了两个方面:sa必要和高效条件 , 为e2所闭合的e2 ;
in the movies he always wore a fake mustache , had poor man's clothes and often walked funny with a cane .	在电影片里 , 他总是穿着一个面包的肌肉 , 有穷人的衣服 , 经常穿着蜡烛 。
france mercilessly crushed rebellions in tonkin , and sat back while over one million vietnamese starved after world war ii .	在世界战争后 , 法国拒绝反叛 , 同时 , 法国民族战争后 , 一百万胜利 。
as a result , you get two parallel connectors , one for each navigation direction , from screen 1 to screen 3 , and one back .	因此 , 你得到了两个平板连接器 , 每个航空方向 , 从屏幕1到屏幕3 , 一个回来 。
yet when standardsize clothes are altered for a man like mr . lefkowitz , the final proportions can come out all wrong .	然而 , 当标准化衣服的时候 , 就像李波特先生 , 最后的比例都会出现错误 。
the route varies every year , taking riders and fans through mountains , tiny towns , and the streets of paris .	每年的路由变化 , 通过山谷、小镇、街道的街道 。
qg: you have been practicing in landscape design and urban design for 15 years . did you ever have any frustration in your career ?	qg:你在景观设计和城市设计的实践中实践了15年 , 你曾经在你的职业中有任何破坏 ?
an elegant chardonnay from yarra valley with delicious citrus , nectarine and fresh apricot flavors .	雅拉谷谷歌 , 附近和新鲜的杏仁香味 。
" the child stared at him open mouthed and horrified for a minute , then gasped: " didn't you get my email ?	" 孩子们在他打开嘴里 , 为一分钟 , 然后盖: " 你不能得到我的电子邮件 ? "
southwest said three planes had cracks similar to those in the phoenix jet and would be repaired before they fly again .	南方人士说 , 三个计划在凤凰jet之前 , 将再次重新修订 。
direct mail and telephone solicitation are such effective fundraising tools that most large social movement organizations use one or both .	直接邮件和电话解决是这样有效的基础工具 , 大多数社会运动组织使用一个或两者 。
engineers have long known that designing smaller , lighter vehicles is an ideal way to meet tighter fueleconomy standards .	工程师长期知道 , 设计更小 , 轻型汽车是满足战略自由标准的理想途径 。
listen people the senator is 25 points ahead in the polls but he wants us to keep running scared like we're way behind .	听听众的参议员是25分钟 , 但他想让我们在后面运行的时候 , 就像我们一样 。
safrian added , “they knew his face , and . . . even after ten days , staying in the sun , his face had not changed ! ”	桑夫兰还说: " 你知道他的脸 , 甚至有十天 , 停在阳光 , 他脸没有改变 ! "
this article clears the measuring coupling relationship between horizontal azimuth and pitch angles by detailed mathematical deduction .	本文通过详细的数学决策 , 通过详细的数学决策 , 探讨了水平动物和磷的耦合关系 。
first , it proved indubitably that she and her husband occupied separate rooms , in itself a shocking enough state of affairs .	首先 , 她和丈夫分离房间 , 自身攻击足够的国家 。
it's highly prohibited that nonoperator or nonrepairman should enter the safety protection rails of the mold soaker to avoid scorching .	高度展示 , 非营业人员应进入模具的安全保护铁路 , 避免扫描 。
at present , the development and application of acetate fibers in textile industry in some developed countries such as america and japan have been relatively mature .	目前 , 在一些开发的国家和日本 , 如美国和日本相对成熟 。
the accuracy of the aromas index model of tobacco established in this study on tobacco aromas types was 87 . 9% .	本研究对烟草类型的aroma指标模型进行了研究 , 建立了烟草co类型87.9% 。
methods:the models with hyperglycemia were induced by alloxan to observe the effects of balsam pear grande on the blood sugar .	方法:采用合金氧烷对血糖的影响 , 观察血糖对血糖的影响 。
in addition , the learning content and function structure are abstract to the educational model in practice by eml educational modeling language .	另外 , 研究内容和功能结构对教育模式的实践模型进行了探讨 。
based on geostatistics regionalization variable and variogram , kriging interpolation technology was described in detail .	详细介绍了基于地球化区域化变量和变量的基础 , 详细介绍了kriing解释技术 。
if allowed to come into contact with the skin , croton oil causes blistering and painful skin irritation which can last up to three weeks .	如果允许与皮肤相互联系 , croton油原因突破和疼痛的皮肤灌溉 , 可达三周 。
the discrete time sliding mode controller design for stability and active power distribution of a twogenerator parallel running system is discussed in this paper .	本文讨论了一种双代理运行系统的稳定性和活性分布的分布方案 。
though more cases were reported by the specific reporting system than the routine system , the problem focus on delayed reporting cases . so , it is needed to perfect...	尽管通过特定报告系统报告系统的特殊报告系统报告系统 , 但需要完善报告案例的问题 。
more than 500 relief agencies are operating in haiti and the skies are filled with aircraft ferrying supplies to portauprince .	超过500余的救援机构 , 航空飞机供应到港口 。
as a kind of ideal transmission medium in the shortdistance communication network , polymer optical fiber has great foreground of development .	作为短期交流网络的理想传输介质 , 聚合物纤维具有良好的发展前景 。
this amerigo accompanied several expeditions to the new world and actually found a great deal of new land in the southern part of the hemisphere .	这个美国在半球南部的南部地区找到了几个新的地方 , 实际上发现了一个很大的新的地方 。
alli alloys is a new type of material of airplane construction which rises recently . it is famous at its low modulus of elasticity .	合金是一种新型的空气建筑材料 , 最近在其低模块下的弹性低模块 。
and answer is " it " imperative tool settlement does not provide " emissions " regulations and the environmental protection agency for compliance .	答案 " 是 " 冲击工具设置不提供 " 排放 " 规则和环境保护机构 。
in the fortieth year of the reign of david they were sought for , and there were found among them mighty men of valour at jazer of gilead .	在大卫的抗年里 , 大卫们被认为是因为他们在吉尔德的大卫中发现的 。
compared with economic strength and practical needs of both sides , bilateral business cooperation enjoys huge development potential .	与经济强度和实践需求相比 , 双边商务合作 , 享受大型发展潜力 。
the predominance of positive experiences permits the absorption , integration , and mentalization of the negative segment of experience .	积极经验承诺吸收、集成和精神化的精神化 。
dried fish , dried squid , shells , sea cucumbers , shelled shrimp , dried sea snake , agar , and others .	干鱼 , 干燥液体 , 海核 , 壳壳 , 干燥海蛇 , 其他 。
with the method of prescribed burning , the effects of burning on leymus chinensis population in inner mongolia steppe were discussed .	文章讨论了在内蒙特步骤中产生的影响 。
when phosphate fertilisers are used in such countries , yields increase but at a high cost to farmers and to the environment , he said .	他说 , 当磷化肥者在这种国家使用的时候 , 产量增加 , 但在农民和环境上 , 高成本增加 。
objective to compare the contents of amygdaloside in ephedra decoctions made by using traditional method with that by soaking granules with boiling water .	目的比较采用传统的玻璃溶液法 , 用水溶液溶液溶液溶液溶液的含量 。
only , a dynamics model of bridging fiber is built , fracture dynamics problems of composite materials are solved very well .	建立了混合材料的动力学模型 , 解决了复合材料的结构动力学问题 。
christian dior launched a multimedia photo exhibit in shanghai in midmay , showing off its lady dior line of handbags .	基督徒死亡在上海的多媒体展览中 , 展示了它的手袋死亡线 。
in 2002 , hm king abdullah ii of jordan outlined a strategy to make jordan a regional information technology hub .	2002年 , hm国王阿卜拉·阿德拉德·阿德拉德·阿德拉德·阿德拉德·阿德拉德·阿德拉德·阿德拉德·阿德拉德·阿德拉德·阿德拉德·阿德拉德·哈尔德拉德·哈尔德·
in your life , be sure to make yourself more magnanimous , for a person like that won't be puzzled with insoluble problems and can be optimistic .	在你的生活中 , 肯定让自己更加恶性 , 对于一个人来说 , 没有无疑问的问题 , 可以最优化 。
art form is an important category in simmel's art thoughts , and is also the expression of aesthetic redeeming in ails .	艺术形式是imimmel艺术思想的重要课题 , 也是审美的代表 。
as you will be loving for the longhaul , make sure you avoid the friction , pain , and discomfort that can result from working each other raw by using lube .	正如你将失去长哈尔 , 确保你避免摩擦 , 痛苦 , 使其它原因可以通过使用lube进行工作 。
in some places , one person will play a small gong and sing songs to praise the coming of spring . this person will give a picture of an ox to every household .	在一些地方 , 一个人会扮演一个小的歌曲 , 提高春节的音乐 , 这个人会给每个房子的照片 。
oh , captain butler , you shouldn't hold me so close . i will be mad if you do ! another dance and my reputation will be lost forever .	哦 , 卡佩林 , 你不应该保持我那么衣服 , 如果你做的话 , 另外一个舞蹈 , 我的表达会失去永远 。
in the long span of the chinese history , the descendants of the yellow emperor have been righteously proud of the existence of the outstanding confucius .	在中国历史上 , 黄帝的建议已经正确地骄傲了外交冲突的存在 。
his colossus , whose size would be appropriate to a temple or city square , is a young , crouching , barefoot boy .	他的颜色 , 大小将适当一个寺庙或城市平方 , 是一名年轻 , 浴室 。
the results of landscape index of ndvi patch grades in thousand island lake area reflect the status of the plant communities on them well .	数千岛湖地区景观指数指数指数显著反映植物社区的状况 。
more organic fertilizer can not only improve soil aggregates structure and basic character , but also be propitious to the effect of water and soil coupling .	更有机肥料不仅能改善土壤混凝土结构和基本性质 , 而且对水和土壤耦合的影响 。
this unique , easy to rinse formula leaves hair soft , smooth and easy to manage with a fresh , light fragrance .	这种独特的是 , 轻松地升高公式的发发发软 , 吸烟轻松 , 轻松地管理 。
pedrito tried once more to picture his wife and small son , his parents and his relatives , all of whom he felt certain were standing outside .	菲利托试图绘制他的妻子和小儿子 , 他的父母和他的父母 , 所有他感觉到他在外面 。
this paper proposes a threedimension reverse design method of blade based on turbine according to the flow parameters and revolution of pump .	本文提出了一种基于涡轮机流参数和革命的三维逆转设计方法 。
it now contains a bouquet of highend boutiques , possibly what mr . beane’s joke about those antiques dealers was alluding to .	目前还有一个高端债务的瓶子 , 可能bean先生关于那些反方债务者的工作 。
when the new trains start running it will only take one and a half hours . that's just a little longer than it takes to eat lunch and have a nap !	当新训练开始运行时 , 只有一半小时 , 这只比它吃午餐 , 还有一个名字 !
sulzer chemtech was built on innovation and the key to our success continues to be ongoing development of new ideas and concepts .	ulzer化学技术建立了新思想和概念的关键 , 继续发展新的思想和概念 。
however , mscs cocultured with normal hippocampal slices expressed bdnf at a lower level at any times of coculture .	然而 , msc与正常hpocaal滑动表达的bdnf在任何时候 , 同时 , msc计算了msc 。
of all the fragrances — sandal , tagara , blue lotus and jasmine — the fragrance of virtue is the sweetest .	在所有的框架中 , 沙拉 , 塔格拉 , 蓝色的洛杉矶 , 犹太人是游泳的框架 。
company is a foreign investment company under b multicountry company , which belonging to the h steel group , the largest steel enterprise in australia .	公司是一家外国投资公司 , 属于汽车集团 , 澳大利亚最大的钢铁企业 。
according to the hibernate shards documentation , this property is quite expensive and should be turned off in a production environment .	根据hibernard文档 , 这种属性非常昂贵 , 应该在生产环境中转变 。
uprise shocked regnant group of rome , become acute clique of the noble in curia and the contradiction that civilian sends .	上升群的罗马群体 , 成为当前的诺贝群体 , 民众发送的矛盾 。
objective: to study the composition , microstructure and microhardness change of the surface reaction layer of titanium cast with three investments .	目的:探讨三项投资的表面反应层微硬度变化及微硬度变化 。
metrics tool performance and compatibility the volume of our data overwhelmed our hyperion brio desktop metrics tools .	电力工具性能和兼容性能 , 使我们的数据覆盖了我们的超极电极工具 。
literature evaluation: among 3 501 obtained indexes , 35 concerning inclusion criteria were selected for summarized .	文献评价:总结了351指数 , 35例关注评价 。
multiple sizes or alternative facepiece designs can provide the individual with additional options for obtaining a good fit and seal .	多个尺寸或其它的faces设计可以提供更多的选择 , 以获得良好的适宜和安全的个性选择 。
firstly , according to the news text , the figure is found among urban employees which is to say not include people without a work .	首先 , 根据新闻文本的数据 , 城市员工的城市员工 , 说没有工作 。
though wimbourne does not exist in modern britain , there is a wimborne minster a small town on the southern coast of england .	虽然wmbourne不存在现代英国 , 但在英国南海岸南部的一个小城市 。
also , to stimulate the economy , the government should back low interest loans . uh , this is for housing , cars , bigticket items .	另外 , 刺激经济 , 政府应该回顾美国的利益贷款 , 这是为房子、汽车、大型键盘项目 。
rebooting geronimo will correct the error for one , but then generate the exception again when the database is accessed by the other .	反映geronimo将为rrror , 但是在数据库访问的时候 , 当数据库访问的时候 , 再生成数据库 。
kate beckinsale , playing a nurse , declares . " before doolittle's raid , americans knew nothing but defeat ; "	美国人知道 , 美国人知道没有什么事情 , 没什么事情 。
after analyzing cop cobweb algorithm , an approach for combining background knowledge into category utility was proposed .	通过对cobweb算法进行分析 , 提出了一种结合背景知识结合背景知识的方法 。
the root length , the state of root system , stem height , stem basal diameter , biomass of above and belowground were investigated .	研究了罗根长度、茎高、茎基质量、生物量的根长度、根源长度、根源体系 。
a letter believed to be written by mostafaei was posted on the internet on saturday , calling for the release of his relatives .	一封信通过大多数的网络编写的信件 , 称其相对的释放释放 。
studies show that the smoking cessation drug such as zyban , available by prescription , helps many people quit without gaining weight .	研究显示 , 吸烟药物如zyban , 可用 , 帮助许多人参加重量 。
a total of 12 eligible studies representing 7 of 10 incidence groups in 24 jeendemic countries were identified .	鉴定了24个年代的24日性国家的24日性疾病群体的12个恶性研究 。
science and real estate development to determine the size of the supply of land to enhance landuse regulation to stop land hoarding behavior .	科学和房地产开发决定土地供应量的规定 , 提高土地监管行为 。
then the method of combustion heat is employed to distinguish the stability of heat in different crystal modifications of disperse violet hfrl .	然后对不同晶体变化的热稳定性进行了研究 。
the doctorial advisor team construction of the doctorial students is vital to the training qualities of the doctorial students .	医生学生的医生咨询团队是医生的培训质量 。
in this paper , a power balancing method is proposed in multiinput multioutput cellular systems , and ber performance is analysed .	本文提出了一种多输入多输入细胞系统的功率基础方法 , 并分析了ber性能 。
the clustering technology provides a lowlevel messaging structure which keeps all the nodes in the cluster synchronized .	集群技术提供了一种低级消息结构 , 保持集群综合征的节点 。
the flu virus is usually spread in the small droplets of saliva coughed or sneezed into the atmosphere by an infected person .	流感病毒通常是通过感染者传染的血液病毒或肾脏病毒 。
the xml encryption specification lists a number of required and optional cryptographic algorithms including	xml加密算法包括多个要求和选择晶图算法 。
jinshun warns mingzhang not to break zhenghong and jiahui up or he would divulge mingzhang's true identity .	金刚警告minshang不要破坏郑州 , 或者他会分解明华真实的认识 。
he seemed studiously to seek out all the tender spots in her consciousness so as to inflict on her the cruellest wounds possible .	他似乎在她的意识中寻找了所有的青少少年的东西 , 所以在她最危险的伤害中冲突 。
research indicated cellular automata modeling technology is one simple effective method to study the dynamic problem of traffic flow .	研究显示细胞自动模拟技术是交通流动态问题的简单有效方法 。
foreigners can apply for chinese driving license using their respective country's drivers license . the information on the same is as shown below .	外国人可以使用他们的尊重国家的驾驶版本 , 同样显示同样的信息 。
the processing of the nonstaple cereals include the processing of oat , buck wheat and barley as well as the preparation of barley malt .	非稳定细胞的处理包括氧化物、牛肉、牛肉及其制备的过程 。
the chemical industries special ltd . was a successful example that government and merchants cooperated under the special ltd .	化学工业有限公司是一个成功的例子 , 政府和商业合作的成功的例子 。
the wave induced seabed liquefaction is a main attributor to forming of the submarine physiognomy in huanghe river delta .	黄河河河流域地区的地震作用是黄河河流域地区地震生态学的主要属性 。
the algorithm and the learning rule of the neuron adaptive pid controller for pulp consistency control system are described in this paper .	介绍了pulp控制系统的神经自适应管道控制器的算法和学习规律 。
turnofthecentury elocutionists taught their students how to gesture to communicate specific emotions or messages .	十世纪的情绪学家认为他们的学生如何转变特殊的情绪或消息 。
conductivities measured at room temperatures must be corrected if they are to be used for rocks at depths greater than about 1000m .	房间温度测量的产量必须正确 , 如果他们在死亡情况下 , 要比1000米 。
ceramiclined compound copper tube is used in tube mould having excellent service effects and decreasing the production cost of tube blank .	采用陶瓷化合物管 , 提高管生产成本的生产成本 , 降低了生产成本 。
the " he runs , the nobody smiled ...... " yan sen moment turns the facial statement of face for the cordial style form .	" 他运行 , 没有人笑... " yan感的时刻转变了正式形式的面部声明 。
some strong seedlings in the first four to five leaves and smoke after the second take ear , born in the removal of the ear was spent .	在第二次采取耳朵的时候 , 一些强烈的种子在第四个叶子和烟雾之后 , 出生于耳朵 。
this paper presents the development of a new power coil , which is to address the problem of power supply for online monitoring system in high voltage side of transmission lines .	介绍了一种新型电力燃烧系统在线监测系统中 , 提出了一种新型电力燃烧系统在线监测系统的电力监测系统 。
the retail space in kingkey financial centre in caiwuwei , luohu district , will be launched for prelease shortly .	本公司的零售空间 , 主要的金融中心 , 卢华区 , 将迅速推出预期 。
on december 15 , i reached an omnibus budget agreement with congress , the last major legislative victory of my eight years .	十五年12月15日 , 我达到了一个与国会协议 , 最后的立法胜利 。
it has all the benefits related to loosely coupled architecture , such as code reusability , and it also limits the testing effort required .	相关联耦合结构 , 比如代码可靠性 , 同时也有限制测试努力 。
like a person swinging a tennis racket in her right hand , the decay of cobalt 60 has an intrinsic handedness that is reversed by a mirror .	就像一个人在她右手中打开一个铁路 , 卡巴尔60年代的工具已经被镜头转换了一个特殊手段 。
just as in previous seasons there seems to be no real link between the midfield and the attack , and the need for a new trequartista is glaring .	正如前赛季 , 在中场和攻击之间没有真正的连接 , 需要为一个新的频率 。
joshua was grateful for god's help . he knew that the israelites would have to fight many battles before they could live happily in their new homeland .	他知道 , 在他们能在新家里生活很多战争之前 , 伊斯兰的帮助 , 他知道 , 伊斯兰人会有很多战争 。
facebook’s ad sales team is now led by carolyn everson , who replaced longtime vp of global sales mike murphy .	facebook的销售团队现在被卡琳·埃尔顿发布了长期的全球销售迈克·迈克·迈克·迈克·迈克·迈克斯的长期投票 。
at last , we give a example of this model , and analyse some influencing factors of the price of a ratecapped swap with bermudan swaption .	最后 , 我们给出了一个例子 , 分析了一类农业市场价格的影响因素 。
stars and planets form within swirling clouds of dust and gas that visible light cannot penetrate , but which infrared radiation can .	淀粉和淀粉形成的尘尘和气体 , 可见光不能渗透 , 但这种红外辐射能 。
but as mr . sandman cautions , an impressively documented process only has the appearance of control , thus having only the feel of mitigating risk .	但是如此 , 沙曼先生 , 只有控制风险的表现 , 所以只有限制风险的感觉 。
her life was often regarded as a fairytale and her legendary marriage to baseball great joe dimaggio was the hallmark of this perception .	她的生命经常被视为一个精神的婚姻 , 她的传统婚姻是这个观念 。
through invoking mathematic library and hybrid programming , the numerical results derived on deepcomp 6800 are satisfactory .	通过调用数学图书馆和混合程序的数学结果 , 对深度6800是满足的 。
at present , the aids " four frees and one care " policy in tianjin full implementation of the national aids in lowprevalence state .	目前 , 艾滋病 " 四种免费和一项关注天津全国艾滋病实施的政策 。
stay positive . don't whine and complain . it gives people a negative impression about your outlook on life and makes people think you are 'grumpy' .	留下积极的 , 不要为什么和抱怨 , 让人们认为你是 " rump " 。
make a list of things you always wanted to do but couldn't because you were raising your kids . maybe it's writing or learning the piano .	让你总是想做做的事情 , 但是你不能提高你的孩子 , 或者学习po 。
dubai's al wasl club is expected to make a formal announcement on signing diego maradona as its coach for the next 2 years .	杜巴的阿尔伯俱乐部希望在接下来2年的基础上进行正式宣布 。
the guessing problem is troubling because two test takers with same knowledge can end up with different scores or two people with different knowledge levels can end up with same scores .	指导问题是因为两个测试者可以结束不同的知识水平 , 以及不同知识水平 , 可以结束同样的知识水平 。
while most of us head for shelter when we hear a huge storm coming , one daredevil photographer has made it his job to get as close as he can .	当我们听到一个巨大的暴力的时候 , 大多数的照片师在他能接近他的工作 。
i’ll finish this guest post by 11:59pm on august 31 . i know this , because if i don’t , i’ll lose $1 , 000 .	我将在8月31日完成这个客户邮件 , 我知道 , 因为我不会失去1 , 000美元 。
the games lost popularity , however , largely due to the growth of cheating and were abolished by emperor theodosius i in 394 ad .	然而 , 比赛失去了流行性 , 大部分因为我在394年出生的化学成长而受雇 。
the analyzing of the dragon image can make people feel interested , because dragon is an image that has a close relation with traditional chinese culture .	龙图像的分析可以使人们感觉兴趣 , 因为龙是传统文化的相关图像 。
it’s is the age old battle ; good versus evil , arrogance versus humility , handsome versus , well not so handsome .	这是年龄的战争 , 良好的邪恶 , 愤怒的版本 , 手术版本 , 手术版本并非手术 。
in europa are similar suitable locations for elf transmitters , to be found in areas covered by the baltic and the caledonian shields .	在欧洲 , 同样的地方 , 由巴勒和加拿大利盾构成的地区找到了相似的地方 。
the sun was shining gloriously , so karen and the old lady went along the footpath through the corn , where it was rather dusty .	阳光闪烁 , 所以 , 老太阳沿着玉米 , 在那里 , 在那里 , 这里 , 这里 , 阳光正在闪烁 。
in addition to paying for fuel and wearandtear on a fleet vehicle , the plumbing shop needs to cover the time spent traveling to my home .	除了支付燃料和穿着汽车车辆 , 泵泵需要覆盖时间旅行到我的家里 。
in places where fragile governments cannot assist us and health infrastructure is nonexistent , fighting the poliovirus is costly .	在此基础设施的地方 , 不能帮助我们和健康基础设施 , 战斗警察是成本的 。
he spoke as pickup trucks loaded with fighters headed to the front and the thud of mortar shells was heard at twominute intervals .	他在前面的前面听到卡车 , 模板的udud听到两分钟的间歇 。
" when i first saw al pacino in the film , i , for the first time in my life , thought that i wanted to be like another person , " he recalled .	" 当我第一次看到帕诺在影片中 , 我第一次在我的生活中 , 想我想像另一个人 , " 他回忆道 。
tarim basin is a huge superposed basin composed of paleozoic cratonic basin and mesocenozoic foreland basin .	塔里斯盆地是由巴勒唑盆地组成的大型超级盆地组成的盆地 。
background: clusterin has many biological functions , especially the great protection effects on histiocytes in pathological conditions .	背景:集群有很多生物功能 , 尤其是对病理条件的抗保护作用 。
chatting on line , students can express their feelings and opinions more freely , and even get help with their foreign language studies .	在线上 , 学生可以表达自己的感觉 , 甚至有助于他们的外语学习 。
the second argument is that , even if it never came to war , taiwanwould still be an obstacle to better sinoamerican relations .	第二个论题是 , 即使它从未来战争 , 台湾还是更好的中美关系 。
the problem is , i have never worked in an office setting and i'm not sure how to go about learning etiquette , how to speak appropriately , etc .	问题是 , 我从来没有在办公室设置工作 , 我不肯定如何学习 , 如何说话 , 等等等 。
secondly , it proves the academic feasibility of wrh by establishing mathematical model and using the method of comparative analysis .	其次 , 利用比较分析方法对wrh的数学模型进行比较分析 , 提出了wrh的可行性 。
how to become hostages escape , agent after school also pay special attention to training " spy " and " videotape likes agent .	如何成为学校 , 学校也注意培训 " 和 " 视频 " 类似代理 。
in this paper , a company formed through a mcgs one to more than mode of remote monitoring network for monitoring the work of the satellite transmitter .	本文通过一家mcggs的模式 , 通过对卫星传输工作的监测网络进行监测 。
mr . garcía fumes . he would like to see the bankers he considers responsible for the country’s problems taxed and prosecuted .	他希望看银行们负责国家问题税收和支持的责任 。
romans8:32 he who did not spare his own son , but gave him up for us all how will he not also , along with him , graciously give us all things ?	罗马斯8:32岁的儿子 , 但是他对他来说 , 和他一起 , 和他一起 , 让我们所有的事情吗 ?
in practical terms , the west bank has been increasingly separated from east jerusalem , which is still the most populous palestinian city .	在实际情况下 , 西方银行已经增加了东耶路撒冷的东部 , 仍然是巴勒斯坦城市 。
and catch my second software raid article , in which we'll take a look at some more advanced software raid functionality and raid1 .	我的第二个软件raid文章 , 在我们将看一些更高的软件功能和raid1 。
daily a voice would sound in his head , and his mind's voice would respond with an answer , while he labored at his endless task .	每天的声音会听到他的头部 , 他的心音会回应答答答案 , 而他在无端的任务 。
the present petroleum exploration has trended from structural reservoirs to lithologic and stratigraphic reservoirs .	目前 , 石油勘探已经从结构储层到生理和地理储层 。
for example , the meridian pertaining to the kidney is named the kidney meridian , and the rest may be deduced by analogy .	例如 , 尼尼亚的尼尼亚州的尼尼亚尼亚州的尼日利亚 , 并且其余的休息可能会减少 。
outside of beaujolais this variety hasn't been very successful but it is cultivated in the loire valley and california .	除了北京外 , 这种品种并没有成功 , 但它在伦敦谷和加州培养 。
david took the philistine's head and brought it to jerusalem , and he put the philistine's weapons in his own tent .	大卫把哲学家的头脑带给耶路撒冷 , 他把哲学家的武器放在自己的帐篷里 。
the algorithm satisfies the needs of the new character nc machining technique that generates the tool path by the character skeleton .	通过特征keleton生成工具路径 , 该算法满足了新的特征nc技术的需求 。
if such sale was effected without cent by the trustor , and the trusteetrader made up the deficiency on its own , it is binding on the trustor .	如果这样的销售是没有中心的 , 那么信任者对自己的信任 , 正在绑定信任者 。
although data is sent synchronously , the protocol provides for resending messages lost during network transmission .	尽管数据在网络传输过程中发送同步的协议 , 但协议在网络传输中提供重新消息丢失 。
when the temperature condition is favourable but soil water content is low , the development process is prolonged , and the survival rate is decreased .	当温度条件可靠 , 土壤水含量低 , 发展过程降低 , 降低了生存率 。
the physiological state of a vessel is the state of loading physiological pressure in vivo and the zerostress state in vitro .	船舶的生理状态是维生素和零应力状态的状态 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowd was busy at handshaking .	随着葡萄酒 , 强烈混合 , 由希腊覆盖的灯光 , 棕色在手上忙碌 。
to the extent that state subsidies are cut and privatisation increases , more work often devolves on people who must do that work without pay .	因此 , 国家的子项目正在削减 , 越来越多的工作经常会改变那些不付款的人 。
come back ? " the gold xiao xiao suddenly asks a , the tone is cold , but takes the idea of forcing for several pence . "	回来吗 ? " 金小说突然问一句话 , 玩具冷 , 但要求几个照片的想法 。
clearly determined to look his best , the well turnedout mammal spent a long time carefully checking the rest of his fur for any dirt .	清楚地决定自己的最好的时候 , 好转变哺乳动物花了一段时间 , 仔细检查其剩余的死亡 。
modern paintings were impressed by the variety of painting and performance of the various kinds of methods in chinese painting found in the selfexpression .	现代绘画品的各种绘画和表现 , 在中国绘画中发现的各种方法 。
last week , the government published online information and leaflets aimed at persuading pregnant women to have the vaccine .	上周 , 政府发表了在线信息和叶片目的目标 , 为妇女提供疫苗疫苗 。
what legal obligations do aggregators of foaf information have under the dataprotection law in the jurisdiction under which they operate ?	foaf信息的法律责任是否在他们操作的数据保护法律 ?
we spread the blankets inside , and ate our dinner there . soon it got dark and began to rain . the wind blew hard , too .	我们在那里 , 吃饭 , 吃饭 , 吃饭 , 吃饭 , 吃饭 , 吃饭 , 开始吃饭 , 风吹起来 。
most analysis for rock slope stability have dealt with singlefaced slopes with a planar surface of a constant strike .	大多数分析了岩坡稳定性的分析 , 具有稳定性的滑坡 , 具有稳定性 。
the oxfordeducated bachelor was sworn in during an ancient buddhist ritual in a palace overlooking the thimphu valley .	奥斯福教育馆在古老的佛教风险中游泳 。
the program also introduced occasional mutationsand randomness , on the off chance that one of them might produce an accidentalgenius .	项目还介绍了偶尔突变机构 , 在办公室的机会上 , 其中一个可能产生正常的原因 。
stirfried noodle:put it in boiling water until the hard core is vanished , then stirfrying with meat pieces or eggs .	搅拌的鼻子:把它放在锅里 , 直到硬核心 , 然后搅拌肉或蛋 。
the atime is the last access time of a file , and each time a file is accessed , the underlying file system must record this timestamp .	目标是文件的最后访问时间 , 每次访问文件系统必须记录这个时间 。
meanwhile , high temperature zones reduced gradually until fire extinguishments along with the vaporization of water mists .	同时 , 高温区逐步降低 , 直到火灾 , 与水灾变化的变化 。
while this type of unauthorized computer intrusion is clearly against the law , the fight against ratting is a challenge .	虽然此类型的非授权计算机造成明显反对法律 , 但反对比率是一个挑战 。
the higher the proportion of stateowned shares , the fewer the financing bounds , the smaller the influence of the cash flow on investment .	国有股份的比例 , 投资量较小 , 投资的影响较小 。
" i propose that we undertake a joint review of nato's and russia's common threats and challenges , " he said .	" 我建议我们对南约和俄罗斯共同威胁和挑战的评论 , " 他说 。
after hydrolytic lactalbumin was added into media , the vitrified seedlings reduced , but the contamination rate was always very high .	在水解乳液中添加了含量降低 , 但污染率总很高 。
these hydrolysates yielded the meaty flavoring necessary to make these rapidcooking soups , meaty and so enticing .	这些水溶液产生了肉类的含量 , 使这些快速烹饪汤、肉类等 。
recommended dishes include hakka style brewed bean curd , steamed egg with shrimp , and shrimp dumpling .	建议的餐厅包括哈ka类型的beancurd , 蒸馏蛋 , 和shrimp 。
frequency downshift and upshift of microwaves reflected by laserinduced plasma were detected in the experiments .	在实验中 , 采用激光激光激光激光激光激光器对微波反射的频率下降和转移 。
rubbish collectors are following behind the procession picking up discarded bottles , bound to be making a big fortune today .	rubish收集器在过程抽取的瓶子后 , 周围正在制造一个大型的tus 。
please accept my sincerely congratulations on your success . i hope letters reporting greater success arrive thick and fast !	请接受我自己的成功祝贺 , 我希望更加成功的信件获得厚度快 !
in beijing, up to 150 police were posted along roads around the zhongnanhai leadership compound in beijing last night .	在北京 , 北京 , 到150名警察沿北京沿海领导组成的北京 。
yes , that's a memorable scene in one of my favorite movies , called gorillas in the mist , based on a true story of mrs .	是的 , 这是我最喜欢的电影之一 , 叫gorillas , 基于真正的故事 。
this equipment is extensive to used for food processing plant , food warehouse etc . unit tidies up to go to miscellaneous .	这种设备被广泛应用于食品处理厂、食品仓库等 。 单位老虎去米细胞 。
founded in1540 , campeche was frequently sacked by buccaneers in the17th century . population , 128 , 434 .	建立在17世纪 , 人口128 , 人口128 , 434 。
the implementation and application of the technology have accumulated experiences for constructing oil and gas storages in other area in our country .	在我国的其他地区 , 工艺的实施和应用程序具有积累的经验 。
chapter four analyzes the characteristics of university faculty assessment mechanism in jiangsu since the new century .	第四章分析了江苏大学文化评价机制的特点 。
the other names of this dog are chinese pug , dutch bulldog , dutch mastiff , mini mastiff and its country of origin is china .	这个狗的其他名字是中国猪 , 杜克·布鲁格 , 迈尼·麦特和其它国家 。
a new singlecore and doublewinding magnetic field sensor prepared from cobased amorphous ribbon was studied .	研究了一种新型的单核和双螺杆磁场传感器 , 研究了基于基于形态的ribon 。
let’s admit it—the economy in america is still terrible and it is incredibly difficult to find a job nowadays .	让我们承认 , 美国经济仍然是不可避免的 , 直到很难找到工作 。
ltg cross flow quench airconditioning and its control method were introduced . some modifying opinions on the existing problems were put forward .	在现有问题上 , 介绍了ltg跨流量调控和控制方法 , 提出了一些改进的思想 。
the research objects of this thesis are underachievers in junior high school . the research starts by studying underachievers'psychological problems .	本文的研究对象 , 本文的研究对象 , 通过研究理论问题研究 。
objective:to investigate the relationship of " dysfunction of the spleen in transport " with gastrointestinal enterocrine cells .	目的:探讨 " 动态功能 " 动态功能的关系 。
some consumers buy organically grown foods because they believe the products are healthier , tastier and better for the environment .	一些消费者购买有机增长食物 , 因为他们相信产品是健康、更好的环境 。
in this work the dynamic response of an fpso to slamming loads in extreme waves was studied by experimental method .	在此基础上 , 利用实验方法对fpso动态响应进行了实验研究 。
worldwide data losses now represent us$40 billion in losses to affected companies and individuals each year , dewalt says .	德波说 , 世界数据失去了40亿美元的损失 , 每年都影响了个人和个人 , 世界数据损失 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowed was busy at handshaking .	随着葡萄酒 , 强烈混合 , 由希腊覆盖的葡萄酒 , 胡萝卜在手上忙 。
the different population structures of abies yuanbaoshanensis in different associations reflected the process of succession of community .	不同协会的不同人口结构反映了社区成功过程的成功过程 。
as it is appeared in the log , that getname method signature is not matching to the wsdl or application servergenerated mapping xml .	如此 , 在逻辑中 , 获得方法签名方法并不匹配wsdl或应用程序服务器映射xml 。
the application data section contains the actual data sent from one program to another , and its content and structure are defined by the applications that use it .	应用程序数据包含一个程序的实际数据 , 并通过使用它定义的应用程序定义了其内容和结构 。
east region and nka controlled pw% very well and keep it within year target and also achieve or over 100% ytd gs target !	东区和银行控制pw% , 保持年目标 , 还达到100%的ytg目标 !
we need to be mind and body becoming one if the mind can be into the inside of a cell and can penetrate the membrane of a cell intentionally .	我们需要是心理和身体变成心脏 , 如果心脏内部的内部 , 可以提高细胞内膜的膜 。
brucellosis in sera of 710 samples of milk goats was detected by the application of spa elisa in comparison with sat and cft .	通过比较sa和cft的应用 , 测定了710个样本 , 利用spasaelisa的应用 。
the effect of inkwash in oriental paintings , and its use of lines for spatial delineation are augmented in this work to gain new philosophy .	介绍了东方绘画的影响 , 利用空间描述的空间描述方法 , 获得新的哲学 。
they may point down to your shoe and say , “your shoelace is untied . ” if you believe them and look down to see , you are an april fool then .	他们可能指着你的鞋子 , 说: " 你们的鞋子不安 。 " 如果你相信他们 , 你是一个四月折 。 "
she compulsively or inadvertently places herself at the apex of triangulated relationships and fails to see the pain she causes in the process .	她通常在交换关系的指标和失败的痛苦 , 看她在过程中产生的痛苦 。
conclusion: the main activity of phospholipids on phospholipids complex is to promote the absorption of the cell .	结论:磷酸的主要活性是促进细胞吸附的吸附作用 。
cognition software engineering is a subject of application and theory , which needs both high technology and lots of experience from jobs .	认知软件工程是应用程序的主题 , 需要高技术和很多经验的经验 。
confidence and arrogance is little different , but there are worlds apart . in particular , i hope i can instead of selfsufficiency .	信心和安全性较小 , 但特别是 , 我希望我能自我满足自我 。
this year the weak economic has admission's officer's nervous that some families may not be able to paid for colleges as planed .	今年弱的经济已经承诺了一些家庭的神经性 , 一些家庭不能为大学计划提供资金 。
the officers open the trunk of their patrol car and pull out what looks like a toy model aircraft with four rotors and a video camera .	办公室开了他们的车辆 , 推出四轮机和视频摄像机的车辆 。
cherubic and deceptively guileless , she used " humour as a dodge , intimacy as a smoke screen " , ms salomon notes .	她用 " 胡默 " 作为一种吸烟屏 " 的吸烟屏 " 、mlomon注释 。
the miser overheard this . he rushed out and shouted angrily at the servant , " who gave you permission to make promises for me ? "	这个错误在这里 , 他走出来 , 在仆人的时候 , " 谁给我承诺的承诺 ? "
dee , sam , ellie linda and ian have promised , if necessary , to carry me on board the balloon . i cannot miss this .	亲爱 , 伊丽莎 , 莉莉娜和安娜承诺 , 如果必要的话 , 我不能错过这 。
" if sex is something quite different from love , as you seem to say , then is there any necessity at all to do anything about sex ? " asked the young man .	" 如果性是不同于爱情的东西 , 那么你似乎说 , 那么你都有什么必要 ? " 问年轻人 。
i made clear to her how laughable would have been the waywardness of english spelling but for the tragic compulsion we were under to cram it for our examinations .	我明白她如何做出英语语语语言 , 但对于我们的考试来说 , 我们正在考试 。
check out what your daughter is reading or watching and discuss it with her . encourage her to talk about and question what she's seen or heard .	检查你的女儿阅读或观察它 , 并讨论她的问题 , 鼓励她对她看到或听说的问题 。
follow the documents work as per national filing regulations and shanghai regulations , to classify , rank and identify documents .	随着文档作为国家文档和上海规定的规定 , 分类和鉴别文档 。
often impulsive , occasionally overeager , danny had to learn to be patient before he could become skilled in the ways of the long con .	通常会出现严重的 , 丹尼必须学会 , 在他可以成为长期的途径 。
the tense man sitting in the pilot's seat swung the plane into the wind and soon they were in the air , though flying erratically .	尽管飞机在飞机上坐在飞机上 , 飞机飞机 , 尽管飞机在空中 。
for long time china paid attention mainly to small leaf tea and neglected the large leaf ones , the tea output and export have decreased day by day .	长时间 , 中国重视小叶茶 , 忽视大叶 , 茶叶输出和出口日增加 。
in the long long night of endless , much like they have a sweet dream , even if the moment of quiet sleep , but can not do , which is insomnia .	在长久的晚上 , 比如他们有甜的梦 , 即使安静睡眠 , 但不能做 , 这也不能做 。
" all this is leading to a lot of bitterness , " said sheikh manzoor ahmed , editor of an indian urdu news agency .	" 所有这些都导致了很多事业 , " 深圳华的编辑家 , 印度的消息机构 。
bachelor degree in biochemistry , biology , medicine , or related science with minimum of 5 years of related experience .	生物化学、生物学、医学或相关科学相关科学 。
conclusion:the method is a little damage , bleeding . it is a safe and handy method during thyroidectomy for manifest thyroid .	结论:该方法是一种小损伤 , 泡沫 , 是一种安全的手术方法 。
they may also reside on the world wide web , which is the mediarich component of the international communication network known as the internet .	他们也可以在世界广泛的网络 , 这是国际通讯网络的媒体组成部分 。
the implementing of transmission line nonsetting protection based on twoterminal information and singleterminal information are included in the paper .	介绍了一种基于两端信息和单端信息的传输线性非传输线性不断保护的实施 。
he lives a simple and fragul life . he is indifferent to money and lust . he always missed dining time because of his work .	他住了一个简单、脆弱的生命 , 他对金钱和lust来说 , 他总是失去时间 , 因为他的工作 。
last year , san francisco's board of governors passed a local law banning the use of the chemical in children's products .	去年 , 旧金兰科的董事会经历了当地法律 , 在孩子产品中使用的化学法 。
therefore , luo yin is a late tang not allow to neglect writer , its poem obvious region has by the tang to song transition trace .	因此 , 罗尼是一个晚唐的唐 , 它的诗歌区域 , 是唐宋传统的 。
chelsea was reminded of our roots on monday when sue mears , the great granddaughter of the club's founder paid us a visit .	切尔西在星期一宣布我们的根据 , 俱乐部的创始人为我们提供了一个访问 。
but see , this is just exactly what's wrong with the whole system the nursing home doctors unload this gomer on us because they're unable to treat him...	但看来 , 这只是与全体制度医生的错误 , 因为他们不能处理他...
objective to evaluate the rodenticide control efficacy of diphacinena salt for a test field and bromadiolone for b test field in camping area .	目的评价二甲烷盐对催化剂区bromol酮进行试验领域的影响 。
the greater the wind , for the first time this year , wrapped up in the wind to hear the mournful whistle , dry leaves a crowded fall .	第一次 , 为了今年的风吹起来 , 把风吹起来听到了巨大的风 , 干燥的下跌 。
hughes promised to continue to build the “shared connections” that bring together people who want to live in peace and freedom .	胡锦涛承诺继续建立 " 的连接 "  , 这使人们共同生活在和平和自由生活 。
for china , at this time , the national revolution was going on among warlords . the actions of imperialism in china were no longer unfettered .	在中国 , 国民革命在战争中 , 中国的冲突行动不再受到影响 。
today , i have slept for 14 hours . i thought i was very tired . it was time for dinner . i must go ! i am very hungry .	今天 , 我已经缓慢了14小时 , 我觉得我很累了 , 晚上 , 我必须饿 ! 我很饿 !
a leading statesman and presidential aspirant , clay's political intuition earned him the nickname " the great compromiser . "	一个领导国家主席和总统 , 克莱的政治主义学习他 " 最伟大的编译者 " 。
witch : i know what do you want to do , you're a silly girl . however , my dear , i can help you so that your dream can come true .	智慧:我知道你想做什么事情 , 你是一位笑的女孩 , 我的亲爱 , 所以你能帮助你的梦能真实 。
thirdly , treatment of spoken and written examples of the most common words is obviously unbalanced in ldoce3 .	第三 , 治疗最常见的词 , 是不平衡的 。
whenever i took the 7 train from flushing , i was always trying to interpret the chinese characters on the newspaper people reading beside me .	然而 , 当我从流动的7训练时 , 我总是试图解释我在报纸上阅读中国特色 。
while the worst of the price drops appear to be over , home values nationwide are expected to show tiny gains if any throughout 2010 .	虽然最糟糕的价格下跌 , 家庭价值的国家价值预计在2010年的时候 , 如果没有超过任何超过 。
if wordofmouth proves effective , american express could engage in viral marketing campaigns designed to create " buzz " .	如果词汇证明 , 美国的表达可以在维尔市场竞争中创造 " buz " 。
lionel messi is " playing a kickabout with jesus " but must not make the wrong choices , diego maradona said today .	迪戈纳说: " 与耶稣 " 但不要做错误选择 , 迪拜纳说 。
if you want to change the name of a samba server to something other than the unix name of the server , use the netbios name parameter .	如果您想改变sa服务器的名称 , 比服务器的独立名称 , 使用网络名称参数 。
the new ipod nano , starting at $149 , comes with an fm receiver and pedometer in addition to the builtin video camera .	新的ipodnano , 开始149美元 , 来自fm接收器和pedomet附加到建立视频摄像机 。
but swedish newspapers have suggested that the birds had been pecking at salt on the road when they were run over by a passing lorry .	但是瑞典报纸已经建议 , 当他们通过路径运行耶和华运行时 , 孩子们正在停止 。
to measure any physiological differences , researchers euthanized certain individuals from each group to study their brain tissues .	为了测量任何生理差异 , 研究人员从每个组分分分分分组中分别从大脑组织学习它们的脑组织 。
the english language was first written in the anglosaxon futhorc runic alphabet , in use from the 5th century .	英语语第一次写在罗萨克语言的语言 , 在第5世纪使用 。
and we have a shared obligation to ensure that the federal courts have enough judges to hear those cases and deliver timely rulings .	我们有一个共享的宗教 , 确保联邦法院已经足够的法官听到这些案例和交换规则 。
the visitors' center and the museum provide information about the history of the culture of the ancient pueblo people and about presentday indians .	参观者的中心和博物馆提供了关于古代的文化历史和现今印度的传统文化的信息 。
its emperor dances to the tune of a halfvandal general , its powerless senators idle on vast , poorlymanaged estates .	它的皇帝舞蹈是一个半带通信的基因 , 它的无力参考者id , 潜在管理估计 。
the total mk and type 4 mk levels in both central veins and peripheral arteries rose significantly during cpb .	在cp期间 , 总mk和类型的mk水平和周围动脉的旋转相对显著 。
it is a very special pleasure for me to have this occasion to publicly express my deep admiration and appreciation for grigori perelman .	对于我来说 , 这是一个非常特殊的乐趣 , 公开表达我的深度承诺和欣赏我的希望 。
other helpful steps include asking for help from others , using humor , learning to be assertive , and practicing problem solving and time management .	其他有助步骤包括帮助其他人 , 使用幽默 , 学习是安全的 , 实践问题解决和时间管理的问题 。
" this bill misses the mark because it unavoidably leads to higher energy costs for businesses and consumers , " says harman .	哈曼说: " 这项计划是因为它不可能导致商业成本更高的能源成本 。 "
see <wasce_home>/var/directory/server . xml for the configuration properties used by the directory server .	查看<wacehome>/var/目录/server.xml用于目录服务器使用的配置性能 。
try it out next time you need to drive your car . cover your left nostril with your thumb and breathe only through your right nostril for one minute .	尝试下一次 , 你需要把你的汽车 , 覆盖你的左鼻子 , 只能通过你的右鼻子 。
the accident taught them two lessons , they say . no matter how safe the ship , the most mundane human error can sink it .	事故使他们两个课程 , 他们说 , 无论如何安全船 , 最多的人类错误都能让它感觉 。
the report a month ago was that second quarter growth was even slower than sharply revised forecasts , coming in at only 2 . 4% .	报告说 , 第二季增长比上述预测 , 只有2.4% 。
customer value need will appear netlike in the future and companies should play the role as both agent and integrator of customer value...	客户价值需要出现在未来和公司的角色 , 应当扮演客户价值和集成者的角色 。
a cup or plate that , according to medieval legend , was used by jesus at the last supper and that later became the object of many .	根据媒体传统 , 耶稣在最后供应商使用的杯子或平板 , 后来成为许多物体的对象 。
in the end , i send them out with a long shopping list , set the timer on my phone to go off in ten minutes and drag colin upstairs .	最后 , 我将他们送出一个长购物列表 , 设置在我手机上10分钟的时候 , 拖着颜色 。
anyway , offyear in ah , wish the family is in this year , we can health more happiness of life together is good , not too right , all right .	无论 , 在今年 , 希望家庭在一起健康 , 我们可以健康生活的幸福 , 不好 , 好吧 。
mr aliev told msnbc: " we really can hide objects . . . . we can switch for a short moment and make it disappear .	艾尔夫先生告诉msnbc: " 我们真的隐藏对象 , 我们可以开关短时间 , 使它失望 。
one of the unique characters in the implementation of russian ecology law is that russian ecosocial groups play a major role .	俄罗斯生态法的独特特特性是俄罗斯生态法的主要角色 。
the data was statistically analyzed using frequencies , means , reliability , and gap theory with spss 15 . 0 and excel 2003 .	利用频率、可靠性和可靠性分析数据的统计分析结果 , 并对sps15.0和2003年spssssc15.0进行统计分析 。
singer celine dion is suing a us supermarket tabloid for $20m over a report which claimed she was pregnant with twins .	歌曲线迪松是美国超级目标的报告 , 声称她怀孕了2000美元的报告 。
and he would not move until he was sure his men were ready . mcclellan's plan was to put his army on boats in the potomac river .	直到他确保他的男人准备好 , 麦克莱斯的计划是把他的军队放在池塘河上 。
for power distributing , a power scaling plan has been given for this specific a/d converter , achieving good tradeoff between power , area and performance .	针对电源分布 , 提出了一种特定的a/d转换器 , 实现了电源区和性能 。
in music teaching , case teaching can be infiltrated into theory teaching and combined with the practice of music class teaching .	在音乐教学中 , 可以通过音乐课教学实践结合音乐课教学实践 。
this is why the ireland coffee cup is more heatproof than general glass cup , and have the linear reason in color in two golds .	这是为什么爱尔兰咖啡杯比普通玻璃杯更加热量 , 还有两个金色的线性原因 。
these sweeteners are considered safe in moderation so talk with your health care provider about how much nonnutritive sweetener is acceptable during pregnancy .	这些游泳者正在考虑现代健康的健康保健提供者的安全性 。 在妊娠期间 , 这些游泳者是可接受的 。
results:it could prevent iatrogenic tumorcell spreading and local seeding through the nontumor technique cooperation at operation strictly .	结果:采用非肿瘤合作 , 可防止血管肿瘤扩展和局部感染 。
the paper presented a plan of twodimensional servo four color pattern identification , and its boundary treatment techniques , wh .	本文提出了一种双维伺服四色模式识别的计划 , 以及其边界处理技术 , 为什么 。
a joint sourcechannel decoding scheme implemented by simultaneously decoding and updating parameters based on hmm is proposed .	提出了一种基于hm的基础上 , 建立了一种基于hmms的基于模拟降解和更新参数 。
several activators were investigated and evaluated to substitute uop's activator act1 used in benfield process for co2 removal .	研究了多种激活剂 , 探讨了在贝尔德遥感过程中使用的uopv-1的活性 。
so far as " badila " planted in summer was concerned , the number of effective stem and yield were not markedly related to the sowing norm .	所以 , 在夏季的 " 巴迪拉 " 计划 , 很多有效的蒸汽和产量不明显相关南方规范 。
like " romance of three kingdoms " in the liu bei , the original selling straw sandals , but later to organize the uprising conquer .	就像 " 三国王 " 的浪漫 , 原卖traw沙漠 , 但后来组织上述条件 。
chaban electronics ltd is a foreign buyer from israel , need to purchase products of telecommunications etc . categories .	城市电子有限公司是以色列买家 , 需要购买电子通信等产品 。
we have overcompensated for the lack of customer focus in traditional methodologies—by giving control of prioritization to the product owner/manager .	我们对传统方法的缺乏客户关注的缺乏 , 为产品的主体化和管理者提供了依据 。
when both pieces were finished , arachne saw , to her surprise , that she had been beaten , for the goddess ' design was infinitely superior .	当他们都完成的时候 , 阿拉克斯看到了她的惊讶 , 她曾经被爱好 , 因为上帝的设计是有限的 。
the silts dredged from ocean , lake and river always have different clay contents which lead to different strength of solidified silts .	由海洋、湖泊和河流都有不同的土壤含量 , 导致不同的土壤的强度 。
provincial health department as requested in the provincewide establish and improve maternal and child aids prevention and control system block .	省卫生部请求省级卫生部门 , 改善母亲防治和控制系统块 。
professional: a member of national pest control association of america and china mouse and sanitary pest damage prevention and control association .	专业人员:美国和中国母亲和卫生损害预防和控制协会成员 。
'juhuanao' and 'nanjing yeju' are potential parents in chrysanthemum breeding for small inflorescences .	" uhuaao " 和 " 南京的父母在基督教小流程中具有潜在的潜在的父母 。
in some cases the salesclerks had just sold the students a pair of shoes — in which they might well have a genuine smile of satisfaction .	在某些情况下 , 销售rk只是卖学生的一双鞋子 , 它们可能有很好的微笑 。
the main work and achievements are listed as follows:1 ) selfturnoff pulsewidth modulation for oled grayscale controlling .	主要的工作和成就是以下:1 ) 自我无法模块为老灰色控制的自我模块 。
made the supplementation , incorporation , modification and necessary deletion of the tabular forms for technical document of construction completion .	为建设完成的技术文档 , 建设完成、修改和必要的删除 。
" the only one with the power to unify the party that has grown hugely is ozawa , " said democratic party lawmaker akihisa nagashima .	" 民主党法律师阿卡马马尔说 , " 唯一的权力是奥扎瓦 , " 民主党法律师阿吉拉马·纳萨马马 。
that is , 30hour chunks of data which require a search of a spindown parameter as well as sky position . but nothing is set in stone .	这是30小时的数据 , 需要搜索速度参数和天空位置的搜索 。
it is unforecasted to know a series of consequences the greenhouse effects may bring about , but the socalled benefits are little to count .	因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 所以 , 所谓的利益小于国家 。
systemicfunctional linguistics and psycholinguistics are considered as two greatly influential linguistic theories in the twentieth century .	二十世纪 , 系统功能语言学和心理学是两大影响语言学理论的两大影响 。
lannes was speaking on saturday at a conference on luxury goods organized by the china europe international business school in shanghai .	上海的欧洲国际商业学院发言 , 拉恩在上海举行的一次会议上周六在上海举办了一个会议 。
and jesus , immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him , turned him about in the press , and said , who touched my clothes ?	耶稣 , 直接知道 , 虚拟已经离开了他 , 向他说 , 谁触摸我的衣服呢 ?
" baitullah mehsud is now taking on the americans , " said talat masood , a retired pakistani general turned analyst .	" 巴勒拉拉拉·梅斯现在正在美国人 , " 一位退休巴基斯坦总统转变的分析师说 。
one of the principles of access to nutrients can not make zengpang food , prunes , raisins , and other worthy when this task .	营养者的原则之一不能使零食物 , 雨 , 其他值得这项任务 。
" we just need to stress that to people who drink and drive can really cause a lot of heartaches for families and we need to stop that , " said woodridge .	" 我们只需要强调那些饮料和驱动的人们真正会导致很多家庭的心脏病 , 我们需要停止那样 。 "
speaking to reporters , mr . obama said he would devote new energy to diplomacy and other nonmilitary aspects of u . s . global power .	奥巴马总统说 , 奥巴马说 , 他将对美国全球电力的解释和其他非军事方面的说法 。
the inspiration to china is to pay attention to role of strategic oil reserve , to increase exploration input and pluralize the oil impo...	中国的投资是关注战略油储备的作用 , 增加油量输出 , 更加加加加加加加加加加加加加加加加加加加加加加加油量 。
it is characterized by extracapsular invasion , metastasis to the cervical lymph nodes or distant organs and histopathological atypia .	通过扩展血管输出 , 转移到临床淋巴节点或不良组织的病理性 。
the frasnian is a critical time interval for understanding paleodiversity variation before the devonian frasnianfamennian mass extinction event .	在德国福尼亚大学大学基督教事件之前 , 巴西人是一个关键的时间 。
this paper first introduced the concept of the teacherstudent interaction and the basic characteristics of the interaction between teachers and students about to find out .	本文首先介绍了教师互动的概念 , 探讨教师与学生相互作用的基本特点 。
such cellar recognition events are common to cancer , allergy , viral infection , inflammation , and autoimmune disease .	这种细胞识别事件常见癌症 , 病毒感染 , 炎症和自动免疫疾病 。
canfield , c . ed . report of the lst international ecocity conference , urban ecology and cerro gordo town forum . 1990 .	1990年 , 加菲尔德 , 《罗门城市生态学》报道 , 城市生态学和crororodo博士论坛 。
my parents and me begin to have breakfast in the " pudong " airport after we meet with leader of this journey . we take photo with all accompaniers .	我的父母和我开始在 " 云 " 机场遇到这次旅行的领导人 , 我们采取照片 。
the index is a value between 0 and 100 , where 100 indicates a lightly loaded server , and 0 is a heavily loaded server .	指数是000和100之间的值 , 显示一个轻载服务器 , 0是一个重载的服务器 。
the effects of recasting on the cv were compared , through directly calculating the castability values of each generation of non ? precious ceramic alloy .	通过直接计算各代化合物的稳定性值 , 比较了预测陶瓷合金的效果 。
theoretical analysis and numerical result showed that bifuselage layout was in advantage of single one in view of structure .	理论分析和数值结果表明 , 单一观点单一观点单一观点 , 在结构观察中 , 分别具有优势 。
the natural tightly connection between chaos and fracture is due to the infinite similarities of strange attractor of chaotic dynamic system .	由于混沌动力学系统有限相似性 , 由于混沌动力学系统的自然连接 。
in addition , it still needs longer follow up to evaluate whether adjuvant chemotherapy can take the place of postoperative radiotherapy .	另外 , 依然需要更长的评估 , 是否可以使用后的辐射疗法 。
castles and crown golden ...wood and hermit thrush , a type of " bird , " more " than " any program on the horizon retraining .	卡斯特和克林金.........她的橡胶 , 一类型的 " 鸟类 " 比 " 任何 " 的程序 " 都要多 " 任何 " 的程序 。
the company has importexport trade right , and can provide the overall solution of ship automation system and information system for users at home and abroad and corresponding product .	本公司具有重要的贸易权利 , 可为国内外外外和外外外外外用户提供全面解决方案 。
this same problem has been seen in the disputes where the propagation ministry of the central government would be made under the executive yuan jurisdiction .	同样的问题在于中央政府的传播部门 , 将在执行yuan法官执行 。
a great festival would be held , called the yuletide , and a special feast would be served around a fire burning with the yule log .	一个伟大的节日 , 称为uletide , 一个特殊的东西 , 将与yule逻辑安装 。
this article is the first in a series that will take an updated look at wordnet 2 . 0 and how it can be used with xml and rdf technology .	本文首先在文章2.0和rdf技术中使用xml和rdf技术 。
and it was a welcome break for lakers fans , whose defending twotime champions stumbled into the weekend with three losses in a row .	这是湖人迷信仰的欢迎 , 他在周末与三个失去的三个损失中丧失了两次冠军 。
or at least that's the case according to a majority of americans and britons polled in a new survey by language app babbel .	或者至少 , 根据大多数美国人和布里斯顿在语言应用程序的新调查中调查的案例 。
there are some who will try to pervert this precedent and use xenophobia or nativist arguments to say that every country should be held to the same standard .	有些人试图转换这个前提 , 使用xenophobia或海军论文 , 说每个国家都应该按照同样标准 。
for example , if a build suite of 8 , 000 automated test cases generates 600 failures , are you realistically able to handle this ?	例如 , 如果一个8 , 000个自动测试案生成600个故障 , 你真的能处理这个 ?
such collaborators could hardly claim a substantial share of the authorship but they would have welldefined tasks , not interfering with other men's work .	这样的协作者可能很难宣称作者的潜在分享 , 但是他们会有很好的任务 , 不会与其他男人的工作相互相互互作用 。
when liberty goes too far and the voice of social equality arises in the social reality , the system can and should tilts in favor of equality ;	当自由太远的时候 , 社会平等的声音在社会现实中引起的社会平衡 , 体系和应该在平等信仰 ;
decanter also noted that china is already moët’s biggest market for its hennessy cognac , and that the champagne market on the mainland is growing each year .	决定者还指出 , 中国已经为其健康核心市场最大的市场 , 并且大陆的竞争市场正在增长 。
the best of america's skaters beamed for the camera . mostly young , they laughed and giggled , their eyes dancing with excitement .	美国军队最好的队员 , 大多数年轻 , 他们笑着 , 眼睛和兴奋的眼睛 。
it became ever more elaborate and expensive during the postwar boom when big companies ruled the roost and when international competition was muted .	随着国际竞争的时候 , 国际竞争的时候 , 国际竞争变得越来越多 。
strangely , since then the world’s banks and news organisations have not rushed to rummage through dustmen’s economic forecasts .	随着世界银行和新闻组织的变化并没有通过杜曼经济预测的预测 。
as with divisions , there are many user initiated events , such as when a user clicks or double clicks within a tag's display space .	随着分类 , 用户单击或双击指示空间中 , 例如当用户单击时 , 例如当用户单击或双击 。
because cheapy chinese goods are more profitable for the major retailers to handle , they have tended to overemphasize these lower priced items in their promotions .	由于廉价中国商品的主要零售商来处理 , 他们在他们的促进项目中引发了这些低廉的产品 。
entry to the official stand and stand of honour is therefore controlled at designated pel events by accreditation and tickets jointly and not separately .	因此 , 通过访问和票分离 , 加入正式标准和站点 。
infectious agents present in stools of infected persons are transmitted to uninfected persons through contaminated food or water that is ingested by mouth .	感染剂在感染人类的传染剂 , 通过含量的食物或水来传染人类 。
jr: we have not looked in detail to any other platform yet , but we are sure there are more platforms , applications and sites vulnerable to the same attack .	杰:我们没有详细地看到其他平台 , 但是我们确保有更多的平台 , 应用程序和站点 , 同样攻击 。
main problems in the reform of the state owned enterprises lie in the sluggishness of the reform of banking system and in the stagnancy of the development of securities market .	国有企业的改革主要问题 , 在保障市场的发展阶段 , 保障市场的发展阶段 。
it is the neocivilization view that the core is seeking common ground while reserving differences , peaceful coexistence , codevelopment .	这是关键视图 , 核心正在寻求普通的地面 , 保留不同、平面的颜色、代码调查 。
music and literature have the characteristic of an exchange in function either in the respect of the choice of the theme or in the forming of artistic structure .	音乐和文学特征 , 在艺术结构的角度或艺术结构的角度上 , 音乐和文学特征 。
this article proposes the risk recognition featurefactor modeling technology , which is set up on the basis of checklist and flow chart .	本文提出了适用于检查和流动图的基础设置的风险识别特点 , 建立了检查技术的基础 。
fasteners at locations connecting panelstostiles shall utilize throughbolted , stainless steel , pinin head torx sex bolt fasteners .	在地方连接页面上 , 应使用不锈钢、钢筋、钢筋、钢筋、钢筋、钢筋混凝剂 。
in the teaching of probability and statistics , the parameters estimation of linear regression is given by the method of the extremum of function .	在可行性和统计的教学中 , 给出了线性回归的参数估计方法 。
petty revenges are causing too many deaths of innocents . the culprits are blinded by hatred , they don't think about the consequences .	宠物收入太多死亡的死亡 , 文化公众被暴露 , 它们不认为这种结果 。
during wei and jin dynasties , the activities of chinese and foreign buddhist limited to the point and the line , lacking of largescale spread .	在魏晋时期 , 中国和外国佛教的活动有限于点 , 缺乏大规模的蔓延 。
the sheet of water is healthy , it comes from heaven in the first place and next from the earth ; the sheet of air is unhealthy , it comes from the sewer .	水面是健康的地方 , 它从地球第一地和下一地方来 , 空气是不健康的 , 它来自海湾 。
the razor spam filter provides a serverbased service where you can report spam so that other more users can benefit from your identifying the email as spam .	razorspam滤波提供了一个服务器服务 , 所以其他用户可以从您确认电子邮件中获得更多的服务 。
i personally don’t enjoy wearing music because i enjoy running , but it is hard for me to be confident because i have only done a 5 mile race .	我个人不喜欢穿音乐 , 因为我喜欢运行 , 但是我只做了5英里的比赛 。
the internet was not a popular hunting ground except in portugal , where about half the surveyed men and women opted to find people online .	互联网并非在葡萄牙地区外的一半调查男性和女性在线寻找人们 。
this paper explores the characteristics of translation clause in the domains of space , possession and property from the perspective of conceptual frame .	本文从概念框架的角度探讨了翻译曲线的特点 , 从概念框架的角度探讨了翻译曲线的特点 。
ripe and polished , a supple red with raspberry and chocolate flavors , finishing with plum and spice , lingering effortlessly .	熟悉和粉红 , 用橡胶和巧克力燃烧器 , 完成粉末 , 无效清洗 。
you may feel frustrated with the seemingly slow progress you're making in life . remember that god is never in a hurry , but he is always on time .	你可能会感到沮丧你生命的进步 , 记得上帝永远不在匆忙 , 但他总是在时间 。
for most of us , and especially those of us who have long lists of people who expect us to be back in touch with them , we need “kaizen” programs of our own .	对于大多数我们来说 , 尤其是那些希望我们回到他们 , 我们需要 " 化 " 计划 。
since the letizia scandal , berlusconi has also been fending off accusations of cavorting with escorts who were paid to attend his parties .	由于信西亚丑闻 , 伯鲁斯还在与科学家参加他的伙伴进行访问 。
not only had sophie witnessed the fullblown ritual , but her own grandfather had been the celebrant... the grand master of the priory of sion .	无论是完整的风险 , 但她的祖父一直是大量的 , 张力的大师 。
though the holt strategy was smart and johnson was willing to fight it out as old versus new , there were two problems with holts approach .	尽管酒店战略是智慧的 , 约翰逊将战斗作为老版新闻 , 但有两个问题 。
no to mention cutting off from internet game , even my most hardworking and boring friends , they were complaining and had been trying to log in their msn .	无论在互联网游戏 , 甚至我最艰难的朋友 , 他们正在抱怨 , 已经试图在他们的msn中 。
the flame normalizing treatments were put forward on steel rail with flash welding , gas pressure welding and aluminium heat welding .	针对钢焊接、气压焊接焊接焊接、铝焊焊焊焊焊焊焊接、铝焊接等特点 。
however , before he could finish the feet , another man finished and grabbed the jar from him , saying , " who has ever seen a snake with feet ? "	然而 , 在他可以完成脚前 , 另外一个人从他看到耶稣 , 说: " 谁曾见过一只蛇吗 ? "
of a decidedly philosophical bent , it does best in areas where planning , theorizing , reorganization and preparation play a primary role .	在一定的哲学博士中 , 计划、重组和准备扮演了一个主要角色 。
we end up in an endless cycle of spending and debt and working more and more , and end up with lives filled with goods but empty of meaning and happiness .	我们结束了花费和债务的不断循环 , 并与货物和幸福相结束 , 但意味着和幸福 。
additionally , websphere everyplace access provides a solution for the occasionallyconnected portal user through access to offline portlets .	另外 , websphere访问提供了一个解决方案 , 通过访问portlet的访问 。
there are several hundred english verbs that can introduce a reporting clause and a classification of them is made by logical and semantic criteria .	有几百英语版本 , 可以介绍一份报告clas , 并通过逻辑和语义犯罪进行分类 。
dr white looked at the records of 8 , 000 people dating back to the 1970s who had all had their iq measured at the ages of five and ten .	白色看着8 , 000人回到1970年代 , 所有的iq测量了他们的iq测量 。
to have any hope of success , olpc recognizes it needs to get away from the goitalone model that characterized the manufacture of the xo machine .	为了有任何希望 , 旧pc识别它需要从xo机械的目标模型来获得目标one模型 。
you must bind a view to this control before you can edit the view . doubleclick the view control to select an existing view or create a new one .	在您可以编辑这个视图 , 双击视图 , 选择一个现有视图或创建一个新的视图 。
dwdm technology has been widely used in longdistance communications , but its high system cost has greatly limited its application into metro area networks .	dwdm技术已经广泛应用于长期通信 , 但它的高系统成本很大限制其应用于电子区域网络 。
you can implement this solution in the memorybased object cache and by sharing objects on certain servers across the whole cluster .	您可以在整个集群中实现这个解决方案 , 并通过分享对象分享对象 。
in a lan using a bus topology , a segment is a continuous electrical circuit that is often connected to other such segments with repeaters .	在使用一个buspoy博客中 , 一个程序是一个连接的电路 , 通常会连接到其他的重复器 。
one of the senior sisters of , maiev shadowsong , had already shown her competence in guarding illidan before he was brought to trial .	一位高级姐之一 , 玛丽维斯山的高级主义者 , 已经在试验之前对伊利亚的竞争显示她的竞争力 。
when obama was a candidate for president in 2008 , he promised to " take [china] to the mat " on the issues of trade and currency .	当奥巴马在2008年总统候选时 , 他承诺 " 芝加纳 " 交易和货币问题的问题 。
with increase of one of the perturbation frequencies , the number of the spectral regions and its variation will be different for different dispersion regimes .	随着波动频率的增加 , 光谱区的数量和其变化都不同于不同的分散方式 。
do your best every time you pick up your instrument or open your mouth–it’s all about building on good habits and communicating with your peeps .	每次你每次抓住你的仪器或开放你的嘴唇的所有建筑物 , 与你的宠物交流 。
goaldirected action is a basic trait of biology , which is also an important standard for identifying whether the entity is alive .	目标注射活动是一种基本的生物学基本性 , 也是鉴别体的重要标准 。
" our interest is that things go back where they were before after olympics , " vuylsteke says . " otherwise this will have an impact on business plans . "	" 我们的兴趣是 , 在奥林匹克之前 , " vuylteke说 , " 否则这会影响商业计划的影响 。 "
the xi'an quality and technical supervision bureau coined an english name for the burger in order to further promote the food .	厦门的质量和技术监督局在手术进一步促进食物的英语名字 。
the british council's global campaign to raise awareness about climate change and the energy challenges facing the world's cities .	英国国家全球竞争对气候变化和能源挑战面临世界城市的能源挑战 。
google's technology requires a little forethought from the merchant , but seems simple and safe in its execution .	谷歌的技术要求从商务中得到一个小型的网站 , 但看起来简单和安全 。
the steel frames resist lateral loads applied in the short direction while diagonal bracing stabilizes the building longitudinally .	该钢框架在短方向下载荷中应用的钢载荷 , 同时对桥梁稳定构建长期 。
exhibited in the historical exhibition zone on the eastern side are mostly objects illustrating the glorious progress of china's railway ;	在西方的历史展览区 , 大多数对我国铁路的全球进展进行了探讨 。
hope this piece of information is of importance to your health in relation to eating instant noodles and please apply this cooking method with immediate effect .	希望这种信息的重要性是您的健康关系 , 请使用直接效应 。
but in the process of the industrialization management of rivercrab seedling growth industry , there are certain problems need to solve quickly .	但是在河北生长工业化工业管理过程中 , 必须迅速解决某些问题 。
this paper analysed the main reasons that influence the performance of cyclinder head , valve and valve seat in internal combustion engine .	本文分析了影响循环头的主要原因 , 阀门和阀门的内燃烧机的性能 。
the volunteers were informed that the alt key was faulty , and that if it was pressed the computer would crash and all the experimental data would be lost .	志愿者被告知 , 如果它压缩电脑 , 所有的实验数据都会失去 。
the loss of performance is mainly caused by the cutoff plug , the roundtosquare thruster chamber and the opened base of plug .	这种性能主要由ctof插件引起的损失主要原因 , 圆形运行器和开放基础 。
for he pant isocracy ruled by america , u . s . makes great efforts to increase the " exporting democracy " strategy .	对于美国 , 美国 , 美国对 " 出口民主 " 战略增加了 " 战略的努力 。
and america's catholic bishops only last week announced they were finally going to get serious about opposing the death penalty .	最后一周宣布 , 他们最终会反对死亡的反对 。
liliane la fleur: directing a movie is a very overrated job , we all know it . you just have to say yes or no . what else do you do ? nothing .	丽丽丽丽丝:直接电影是一个非常紧张的工作 , 我们都知道 , 你只是说什么 ? 你怎么做 ? 什么呢 ?
the object of this thesis is to study the uniqueness problems of meromorphic functions and meromorphic mappings in several complex variables .	本文的研究了几种复杂性变异的内存函数和内存映射的特点问题 。
hemodynamically stable supraventricular arrhythmias may be treated conservatively with observation and discontinuation of digoxin .	血液稳定的血液稳定 , 可与糖尿病的观察和鉴别 。
khaki tote bags and metallic suede clutch bags appeal to you , since you want your accessories to be as eclectic as you are .	韩国玩具袋和金属的袋子 , 由于你想要你的访问 , 就像你一样 。
you must add the plugins for websphere application server community edition by clicking the link labeled don't see your server listed ?	您必须添加websphereapplicationserver社区版本的插件 , 不要看到您服务器列表的服务器 ?
catalytic activity of six inorganic salts in the esterification of acetic acid with isoamyl alcohol was studied .	研究了六种有机盐的催化活性 。
objective to investigate the therapeutic outcomes of anemia by means of invigorating the kidney , reinforcing spleen and generating blood .	目的探讨急性肾炎的疗效 , 提高肾、加强脾气的疗效 。
the adjoint variable method for design sensitivity analysis of multibody system dynamics based on ordinary differential equations is presented .	介绍了多体系统动态动态动态动态动态动态的设计方程 。
a scanner of holes in cgi is implemented in multithread technology . its scan speed is very quick and holes are easily extended .	在多线程技术中实现了一个孔隙的扫描器 , 其扫描速度很快 , 孔容易扩展 。
the overtly sexual nature of the body compels the viewer into the position of voyeur , only to reveal itself as an inanimate object .	身体的整体性质 , 只能揭示自己作为动物的位置 。
acording to the point of views of principle of equivalence theory , the translated brand names should achieve a perfect linguistic u...	关于等价理论的观点 , 翻译品牌名称应实现完善语言学u 。
if the output stream was stdout , and if it was not redirected to a file or a pipe , the selected pages will appear on the screen .	如果输出流动是稳定的 , 如果没有直接到一个文件或管道 , 那么选择页将出现在屏幕上 。
probe configurations for circumferential , longitudinal and mid wall defects . also for thickness verification and couplant monitoring .	针对环境、长期的墙缺陷 , 同时也为厚度平均监测和覆盖监测 。
without opel , gm’s promises to build a fleet of smaller and more fuelefficient cars in north america would lack conviction .	没有opel , gm的承诺建立一个小型的汽车 , 更加丰富的汽车将缺乏争议 。
ab process is used in zibo city wastewater treatment plant to treat municipal wastewater in which more than 80 percent is industrial wastewater .	工业废水处理工业废水处理计划 , 超过80%的工业废水 。
agrees equally well with red meat dishes , blue fish and harder cheeses , and as a dessert , especially with chocolate cake .	同样 , 红肉 , 蓝鱼和硬酪 , 尤其是一个甜味 , 尤其是巧克力蛋糕 。
this comprehensive resource includes an international panel of contributors who are leading academics and practitioners in the field .	这个综合资源包括一个国际参与者 , 他们在领域领先的学术和实践者的国际参与者 。
he drank deep from the vapors that welled from the font , learning to blend his spirit with the potency that flowed from far beneath the house ;	他从房子里走出来 , 学习自己的精神 , 流出房子的潜力 , 流出房子 ;
the review of the nation’s nuclear policy is the first since 2001 and the third since the end of the cold war two decades ago .	自2001年以来 , 国核政策的回顾是国家核政策第一次从冷战结束以来的第三次 。
the individuals involved in this campaign are not only scientifically uninformed , but show absolutely no interest in becoming better informed .	在这个运动中 , 个体的参与并不仅是科学统一的 , 但显示无法成为更好的信息 。
the selfdeveloped light oil reforming catalyst has well performed in hydrogen production and has substituted the import ones completely at home .	自我开发光油改造催化剂的自我开发 , 完全在家内的进口 。
i'm sure everyone here joins me in wishing you two , sessyoumaru and kikyou , the very best that life has to offer you in your marriage .	我肯定每个人都在这里加入我两个 , 感觉和kikyou , 这里的生活必须为你提供婚姻提供最好的生活 。
it can be distributed on several client machines and is able to simulate thousands of virtual users concurrently in various scenarios .	它可以分布几个客户机 , 并且可以模拟数千个虚拟用户 , 在各种屏幕中 , 可以模拟各种虚拟用户 。
the vibrated fluidized bed has been used widely in the chemical industry , metallurgy and food industry for drying particle material .	在化学工业、冶金和食品工业广泛应用 。
because we've recognized this trend early , we can redistribute our resources to sharpen our focus on criticalpath activities .	由于我们早期认识这一趋势 , 我们可以重新编译我们的资源 , 重新构建我们的关键活动 。
live life in a constant state of awareness , with peaceful thoughts , a dash of forcefulness , and a good measure of faith and spirituality .	生活在不断的意识状态 , 具有和平思想 , 一种强烈的力量 , 具有良好的信仰和精神 。
objective to analyze the clinical characteristics and to appraise the diagnostic criteria and surgical methods of glossopharyngeal neuralgia .	目的分析全球神经瘤的诊断特点及其诊断方法 。
most cases were in obvious regional assembled distribution , the cases in northern towns accounted for 78 . 51% of total cases .	大多数情况显著的区域组合分布 , 北城市的发生率为78.51% 。
the householders celebrate it jointly suspending all their business , agricultural and commercial activities for the time being .	房子们庆祝他们的业务 , 农业和商业活动 。
with continuous product upgrades , implementation of multifiber blended idea , cotton spinning enterprises growing fiber to create value .	随着连续的产品升级 , 多纤维混合的思想 , 棉纺纺纱企业的增长纤维增长价值 。
overall , 53 per cent of the french people believe mr sarkozy makes " a good president " , compared to 41 per cent in may .	总体上 , 53%的法国人认为 , 法国人相信sarkozy使 " 一个好总统 " , 比5月的41% 。
resourcehouse said it would supply 30m tons of coal a year to the chinese company , at a price of about $3b a year , starting from about 2014 .	资源家说 , 它将为中国公司提供30毫米的煤炭 , 在一年的价格上 , 开始从2014年开始 。
this personal development strategy and tips section offers great suggestions on how to change your behaviour , learn new skills and change personality traits .	这个个人开发策略和组织部门对如何改变你的行为、学习新的技能和改变个人轨迹 。
resizes a data handle based on the data structure of an argument that you pass to the cin . this function does not set the array dimension field .	根据cin的数据结构的数据结构 , 这个函数并不设置阵列字段 。
amazon web services , which rents computing capacity in its giant data centres to customers , has also won a reputation for being cheap .	amazonweb服务 , 在其大型数据中心的重新编译能力 , 同时也获得了相当适应的服务 。
the pro version obviously offers more features than the free version and frostwire claims to be the free version of limewire pro .	版本显然提供了比自由版本和frostwire的功能 , 是limewire的免费版本 。
furthermore , kdd cup99 data set is implemented to evaluate the proposed method . the results show the outstanding performance of the proposed method .	此外 , 实现了kdcup9数据集的进一步评价方法 , 实现了该方法的优化性能 。
kristin was one of those vivacious teens who loved jesus and lived for him—and whose sudden death leaves us with a million questions .	克里斯汀是爱耶稣和华的人之一 , 为他留下了一百万的疑问 。
it is enough to make us feel good . after outsourcing work and torture . after the marriage agencies are now outsourcing even our love life , daily .	在婚姻机构之后 , 我们感觉很好 。 在我们的爱 , 日常 。
also last year , the financial times acquired moneymedia , an online provider of news for fund managers that charges a subscription fee .	去年 , 金融时间收购的金融资金 , 网络供应商的基金经理的网络供应商 。
you might start waking up earlier to get used to your new schedule or plan a trip to the new museum exhibit you've been hoping to catch .	你可能开始等待早些时候 , 或者计划新的博物馆展览 , 你已经希望去捕捉 。
ms min q crane , do you really want to marry jennifer ? crane people answer jennifer will be the saviour of our thai jiang group .	你真的想娶珍妮·杰妮·杰妮·杰妮·杰妮·杰妮·杰妮·詹妮弗是我们的天津组织的牺牲 。
than shwe is expected to meet with president hu jintao , premier wen jiabao and other senior chinese officials during his fiveday visit .	中国官员周五访问中国高级官员温家宝和其他高级官员 。
ym: when i was young , i watched a lot of hakim olajuwon play , charles barkley , of course michael jordan .	姚明:当我是年轻的时候 , 我看了很多哈克·奥拉杰逊玩耍 , 当然 , 当然迈克尔·迈克尔·詹丹 。
this is how one leaves behind fear based thoughtform and integrates the unity based thoughtform associated with the language of light .	这是一种基于思维形态和集成思的思想形式 , 与光的语言联系 。
perfectly eatable fruit and vegetable crops often fail to reach supermarkets due to their size or physical appearance .	由于它们的大小或物理出现 , 由于它们的大小或物理出现 。
the project will utilize the powerbuoy technology ocean power technologies which consists of modular , oceangoing buoys .	项目将利用该项目 , 由模块、oceo购买技术组成 。
the theory of cooperative learning which is applied in english reading class in high school can change the traditional teachercentered teaching type .	高校阅读课程的合作学习理论 , 可以改变传统教学类型 。
additionally , the stamp was released in 1980 , a particularly lucky 'golden monkey' year that only occurs once every 60 years .	另外 , 在1980年 , 一个特别幸运 " 猴 " 年 , 只有60年 。
however , if the list is twodimensional , then you often want to " unpack " the contents of each nested list as it is iterated . you could do that like so	然而 , 如果列表是两维 , 那么您常想要 " 单击 " 的内容 , 就像迭代的内容 。
this measure can not only ensure the safe and rapid withdrawal of powered support from the face , but also largely reduce the removal cost of the face .	这种措施不仅能保证面部的安全和快速的支持 , 而且大量减少面部的远程成本 。
first , procedures were completed in a highvolume hospital by experienced surgeons specializing in total joint arthroplasty .	首先 , 通过经验加入阿伦斯特的研究 , 通过高量医院专业化工艺完成 。
for me , marketing works for society when the marketer and consumer are both aware of what's happening and are both satisfied with the ultimate outcome .	对于我来说 , 当市场和消费者的时候 , 市场和消费者都知道 , 最终收入都满足了 。
from the early days of popular use of the internet , the rallying cry was that cyberspace was the new frontier , subject to no law .	从早期使用互联网的早期时候 , 伯斯空是新法律 , 主体不法律 。
but this expiation did not satisfy two sainted women , madame courtin , marquise de boucs , and the comtesse de chateauvieux .	但是这次展览并没有满足两个饱和的女性 , 玛丽·德拉德·博斯 , 以及teteteuux 。
china also being a member of it , has made many basic laws plus separate law , administration laws and local laws and rules and so on .	中国也是一家基本法律、行政法律等基本法律、管理法律和当地法律等基本法律 。
first , full disclosure: i'm not what you would call a heavy user of locationbased social networking services . i have no mayorships .	首先 , 充分讨论:我不会称为基于社会网络服务的重用户 。
an icelisa for detecting fumonisin b2 of maizena was developed by using the coating antigen of ovafb2 and competitive antigen of fb2 .	利用ovab2和竞争抗原 , 研制了一种用fb2和f2制备fb2制备的冰箱 。
so learn your first word , " lekker " [le'ka] , adj . meaning " good/nice " for anythings from food to girls .	所以 , 学习你第一句话 , " 李克· " 说 , 意味着 " 美好的 " 食物来自女孩 。
he is best known for his confrontational go no go project on migration in europe , for which he received the visa d'or and the care award .	他最好的是他在欧洲迁徙项目的计划 , 因为他获得维萨舞和护理奖励 。
the result shows that the two processes had characters of good applicability for water quality during high algaeladen and good treatment efficiency , low cost as well .	结果表明 , 两种工艺具有较好的水质量 , 较好的治疗效率低、成本低、成本低的特点 。
four patients with lung cancer had negative findings on 18ffdg coincidence images but showed positive serum markers .	肺癌患者负面发现18fdg协调图像 , 但显示积极的血清标记符 。
softtothetouch fabric and powerful compression meet chic design and thoughtful details for stylish shaping you'll want to wear every day .	软制品和强力的压缩机械设计和思维形式的细节 , 每天都要穿戴 。
and you’ll need to follow the rather formal dress code of the period no trainers , no jeans , and gents , wear a jacket and tie .	你需要跟踪周期训练代码的正式舞蹈代码 , 没有jaet和gent , 穿着jacket和组织 。
this should help your jobhunting prospects , for you will be able to get a side job if you need one or develop more business for your company , with better fees , too .	这应该帮助您的工作前景 , 因为你可以获得一个副工作 , 如果你需要更好的开发费用 , 还有更好的费用 。
addin china's lack of male educators and the book has a strong argument: chinese boys are developing in a predominately female environment .	另外 , 中国男教师和书籍的缺乏强烈的论点:中国男孩正在开发女性环境 。
the algorithm is applied to the docking of several simple model molecules and the docking between the benzamidine and hiv 1 protease .	该算法适用于多个简单模型分子和hiv1蛋白的攻击 。
one in five managers also said being kept awake at night meant they were more likely to make mistakes , the mori poll of 1 , 006 people revealed .	一位五名经理也表示 , 夜夜醒来的意味着他们更可能做错误 , 妈妈的污染1006人透露 。
why , the doctor told me this morning that your chances for getting well real soon were let's see exactly what he said he said the chances were ten to one !	为什么 , 医生告诉我这天早上 , 你的机会很快就看他说的机会是十分紧 !
each call gets its own activation record , so each time it is called the variables get their own storage space within that activation record .	每次调用自己的活动记录 , 所以每次被称为 " 活动记录中 " 存储空间 。
on 13 june , donors pledged more than $4 billion to support the work of gavi , an amount that exceeded anyone’s wildest dreams .	在13年6月13日 , 捐赠了超过4亿美元支持加维的工作 , 超过任何人最野生梦 。
businessman gary vaynerchuk used his knowledge of wine to create the successful wine library tv , a daily video blog show about wine .	业务人盖尔·瓦尼克用他的知识来创建成功的葡萄酒图书馆 , 一个日常视频博客展示了关于葡萄酒 。
once a week a man named gary , mr . calver 's cheeseturner , comes in and turns it to redistribute the moisture within .	一旦一个名叫的加利先生 , 卡尔维先生的化学家 , 转变它在内的时刻 。
but we would need space rockets using techonology from scifi series star trek to help us reach hospitable planets orbiting other stars .	但是我们需要使用科学系列星tk来帮助我们达到可靠的地球轨道或其他恒星 。
" getting a credit card if you have bad credit is harder than it used to be , " says odysseas papadimitrou . " but they are still available .	" 如果你有坏信用的信用卡比它更难 , " 食品巴罗说 , " 但是他们仍然可以使用 。 "
i love thee with testosterone receptors deep in my hypothalamus . i love thee with dopamine that floods my primitive lizard brain .	我喜欢用测试人员深受我的高血液 , 我喜欢血液的血液 , 血液大脑 。
next time you take a pojo and slap on an annotation to turn it into an ejb , you can give a little thanks to the openejb team .	接下来 , 您可以把它转换为ejb , 你可以给opejb团队提供一个小感谢 。
people decide to become a vegetarian for many reasons . some common motivators include the environment , animal rights , and health .	人们决定成为许多原因 , 一些常见的动物包括环境、动物权等 。
china’s coal mines certainly kill 2 , 0003 , 000 workers a year , and coalsmogged air there and elsewhere kills many more .	中国煤矿一定杀死了2 , 000名工人 , 煤炭吸收空气和地方杀死了多少 。
the majority of research on memory is focused , as you might expect , on the remembering side of things how much , how accurate and so on .	记忆大多数研究重点关注 , 因为你可能会预期 , 在记住什么 , 如何准确 , 如何准确 。
as routine displaces novelty , we may be tempted to shift our attention to someone new and taste again the thrill of romantic love .	正如路透的小说 , 我们可以试图把我们的注意力转移到浪漫爱的时候 , 反对浪漫爱的威胁 。
for example , it's common to set an alias , which expands to 'ls l' , for a long listing of a directory or list of files .	例如 , 通常设置alias , 它扩展到ll' , 对于一个目录或列表的目录或列表 。
“the biggest challenge is getting this unregulated and unorganized system under a single umbrella for providing universal access , ” says duggal .	杜格尔说: " 最大的挑战是在一个普通的访问中得到的不规则和组织系统 。
the diesel engine emissions aftertreatment has received a lot of attentions with increasingly stringent emission standards for diesel engines .	柴油发动机排放后 , 加强柴油发动机的紧张标准 , 加强柴油发动机的关注 。
in this view of fat necrosis at high magnification , some lipidladen macrophages are seen between the necrotic adipose tissue cells .	在此基础上 , 一些脂肪微生物中 , 显示了神经组织之间的细胞之间的脂肪细胞 。
the main types of soil degradation were of poor nutrients , poor microorganism , bad structure , basification and heavy drought .	土壤降解主要类型的土壤降解 , 贫穷的微生物 , 基础设施和重药物 。
method:through takes the ligamentum interspinalia and the intervertebral disc overhang in 56 surgery the pathology observations were analyzed .	方法:对56例手术中56例手术中56例脑梗死患者脑梗死患者的内部障障碍进行了分析 。
u . s . secretary of state hillary clinton on saturday called the north's provocations and statements 'deeply regrettable . '	美国国务卿克林顿星期六称为北方协议和声明 " 深度重新认识 " 。
if you pay with debit card at certain shops you can take an additional sum from your account at no extra charge . this is often called " cashback " .	如果你在某些商店中付出的债务卡 , 你就可以从你的帐户中获得额外的支持 。 这通常被称为 " 现金包 " 。
pigeons scatter as a man walks home after offering prayers at a nearby temple at bashantapur durbar square in kathmandu .	卡塞特作为一个男人 , 在卡尔曼郊区附近的黑暗平台附近的黑暗平方程中 , 一名男子走回家 。
seedorf then went into the book for a late challenge on martins . although the rossoneri continued to look the more dangerous side coming forward .	然后 , 塞尔夫进入马丁的书籍 , 尽管罗斯里斯继续寻找更危险的方向 。
the fitted line in the figure is a 3rddegree polynomial , but any sort of smoothing would tell you that there is a massive upward trend .	在图中 , 编辑的线是一个3rdre聚合物 , 但任何吸烟会告诉你 , 有大量的趋势 。
if a firm wants to place a bet on falling interest rates , for example , it can simply have its marketmaking unit build up its inventory of bonds .	例如 , 公司希望在下跌利率上更好 , 例如 , 它只能在其市场单位建立其内容债券 。
from " big haven is an old strategy " angle , discussed become the value that makes strong fuzhou harbor greatly and necessity .	从 " 大规模 " 角度 , 讨论成为模糊哈勃和必要性的价值 。
you acknowledge and agree that you can enjoy member benefits upon payment of the annual fee for membership and relevant facilities fee .	您承认 , 同意 , 您可以享受年费和相关设施费用的成员费用 。
about onethird of basketball shoes are actually purchased to play basketball in , according to industry analyst marshal cohen .	根据澳大利亚分析师马什尔的分析师 , 大约三分之一的篮球鞋实际上购买篮球 。
mike hulme , a climate policy expert at the university of east anglia in norwich , uk , says that social effects are also unpredictable .	英国社会效应也不可预测 , 英国西北大学气候政策专家mikehulme表示 , 社会效应也不可预测 。
fangsheng bridge is the longest , largest and tallest stone bridge , with five openings both in zhujiajiao and in the shanghai region .	香港桥是上海地区最长、最高的石桥 , 拥有五个开放 , 在上海地区 。
besides the difference that popularizes degree , definitive inadequacy also is to restrict pay treasure copyist people one big handicap .	除此外 , 人口化程度的差异 , 定义的adquacy也是检索支付大型手机 。
the new overhaul of financial regulation did nothing to address the companies , even though they played a central role in inflating the housing bubble .	金融监管新兴的金融规定没有任何东西 , 即使他们在冲击房子泡沫中扮演了中央作用 。
luis suarez has been charged by the fa following the onfield spat with patrice evra during united's 11 draw at anfield last month .	路易斯·苏尔兹在上个月11日下午11日下午11日下午11日在安菲尔举行的一场比赛中被查询 。
somehow our path took us toward the park , across the footbridge high above the rolling waters of the los angeles river . ( n . rigg .	我们的路径向我们走向公园 , 在洛杉矶河上高度高的水下 , ( 瑞格 。
the manchester united man missed euro 2004 after missing the test in september 2003 , and it is an episode that clearly still rankles with the player .	2003年9月 , 曼联人失去欧元2004年9月失踪的测试 , 这是一个明确的欧洲人仍然与球员联系 。
in the other part , the improvement of dissolubility of sulfadiazine and aspirin entericcoated tablet is studied with surfactant as modifier .	另一部分 , 研究了硫酸溶剂的溶解性 , 采用改性剂进行改善 。
the effects of moca /e ratio and amount of the fillers on the physical properties and the heat air ageing of the pu elastomer were discussed .	讨论了pu弹性能的影响和数量的影响 , 讨论了pu弹性能的影响 。
the calculated results show that the limit values of axial compression ratio of src columns are generally % higher than those of rc columns .	计算结果表明 , 比rc柱的轴压缩比均高于rc柱的轴压比值 。
to organize the general administration sponsored fights against counterfeit and defective products and other illegal activities at origin ;	组织对反恐和缺陷的产品及其它非法活动的组织 , 以及其它非法活动 ;
the result shows that the leopoldwolman relationship cannot discriminate channel patterns well when both gravel and sandbed rivers are considered .	结果表明 , 由于灰色和砂浆的风险相关性不能分解渠道模式良好 。
examples of common devices that are poorly designed ergonomically include the snow shovel and the computer or typewriter keyboard .	例如 , 通用设备的通用设备 , 包括雪鞋和类型键盘 。
from the current situation , the european development of civilparty government is likely to once again successfully break through the barrier .	从目前的情况下 , 民主党政府的欧洲发展可能再次破坏巴黎人 。
the method adopts horse liver tissues as raw materials to prepare dry acetone powder of horse liver alcohol dehydrogenase ;	该方法采用马铃薯为原料 , 制备马铃薯的干干旱剂 ;
a transparent conductive ito antireflection layer is generated on a top layer of the amorphous silicon thin film subbattery .	通过透明的薄膜材料 , 生成了一种转化剂 , 生成了一种基于形态硅的顶层 。
most entrepreneurs are passionate about a particular market or technology , and putting a sales hat on does not come naturally to them . that is okay .	大多数进口企业都是关于特定市场或技术的专业 , 并将销售hat在自然上没有来 , 这是好的 。
to be responsible for the guidance of local energy development plans , connecting the production development of local energy with the balance of supply and demand ;	负责当地能源开发计划的指导 , 连接当地能源平衡和需求 ;
knowledge and practice about iodine deficiency disorders among pregnant women , housewives , and pupils in changning district , shanghai ;	知识和实践上海的妇女 , 房子 , 改变区、上海 ;
methods 74 cases had changes in ambiens cisterna proved by ct scan , we analysed the changes and studied its correlation with prognosis .	方法采用ct扫描法对74例患者进行ct扫描进行改变和研究 。
enter ${user_install_root}\etc\wssecurity\samples\encsender . jceks in the keystore path field .	进入$userinserinstallroot\security\\\samps\s\\\\samps\s\s\\senc.jcek在keytorepathel中 。
objective to assess the application value of wholebody bone scintigraphy in diagnosis and staging of langerhans cell histiocytosis in infants .	目的探讨全体骨扫描的应用价值 , 探讨肺癌患者的诊断价值和稳定性 。
after a preshift meeting and an oath ceremony where the 10member squad of miners vow to ensure safety , he changes into his work overalls .	在一场前面会议之后 , 10名成员会议和安全 , 他改变了他的工作 。
ollila said microsoft had not been the only option for nokia and noted many companies had showed their interest in cooperating with the finnish mobile phone maker .	老莱拉说 , 微软不仅是诺基亚的唯一选择 , 并注意许多公司的合作与芬兰电话制造商合作 。
what intrigues many astronomers , however , is the circumnuclear ring around the galaxy center visible just outside the central bar .	然而 , 很多宇宙家 , 是在中央栏附近的环境环境环境 。
in germplasm evaluation studies of pinellia ternate , the assaying methods of extractives and total alkaloid are established .	在实验中 , 建立了pilia转化的研究 , 建立了提取方法和总碱酸的分析方法 。
last month , a u . s . bankruptcy judge allowed lehman to pump cash into the two banks to avoid a seizure by regulators .	上个月 , 美国银行法官允许雷曼进入两家银行 , 避免重新监管 。
methods analgesic effect of two different concentrations of cinobufagin injection was observed in mice by the hotplate test and writhing with acetic acid .	方法采用热解试验 , 观察了两种不同浓度对小鼠血清注射的影响 。
the fifth part it is the summary of the full text , the whole characteristic of the language has done the brief generalization to lien uzhuan .	第五部分是全文的总结 , 语言的整体特点 , 简要介绍了刘华 。
przewalski's horse , which once roamed the steppes of mongolia , is thought to have become too dispersed in the wild to breed .	菲兹沃尔基的马 , 一旦浪漫蒙古的步伐 , 被认为在野生里也变得太失望 。
therefore , the transformation of the pattern of international relations requires the united states and south korea to maintain and even strengthen the alliance .	因此 , 国际关系的模式 , 要求国际关系的变化 , 朝鲜 , 甚至加强合作 。
the ancient black cattle were displaced by the longhorns , and that these " were swept away by the short horns as if by some murderous pestilence . "	古老的黑猫被长河 , 这些 " 的短洞 " 被杀死了 。
consider your online album as the equivalent of leaving the treasured family album on a public bench for every passerby to thumb through .	考虑您的网上album作为对每个路径的公共信号进行测量 。
with financial markets so volatile and companies “hunkering down” for a long slog through a recession , there are few indicators of what’s coming up .	随着金融市场如此激烈和公司的 " 冲击 " 的长期日志 , 有几个指示什么事情 。
if you are following along and planning to take a break at this point , please stay around as you now have two jobs that are creating ever larger files in your file system .	如果你随着这个点的计划 , 请在这个点上留下两份工作 , 如今你在您的文件系统中创建一个更大的文件系统中创建了两个工作 。
we saw more rates of authoritarianism in nonwhite groups . i think the percentage of authoritarian households was highest in asianamericans .	我们看到了非白人群的权威主义 , 我认为 , 亚洲人是最高的亚洲人 。
the moon is so far from the earth that even if huge trees were growing on a mountain , we could not see them through the most powerful telescopes which have yet been invented .	月球远离地球 , 即使大树在山上生长 , 我们不能看到他们最强大的电子类型 。
imposing airportstyle passenger and bag checks in the metros and bus stops of major cities is impractical because it would bring ordinary life to a halt .	冲击机场旅客和巴格检查的主要城市停止实际情况 , 因为它会带来普通生活 。
days later , they still in touch with the troops , fortunately , they killed a deer , can be difficult to rely on venison and spent a few days .	后来 , 他们仍然与军队一起 , 他们杀死了一个鹿 , 可以依靠铁和花费几天 。
first , for the four major banks , the good bank/bad bank transactions should be mandatory ; the industry will stabilize only if the four work in tandem .	首先 , 在四大银行 , 良好银行/巴基银行交易应该制造 ; 行业只会停止四个工作 。
at the same time i still wanted a dedicated keyboard so when i saw the s710 with its nifty slideout keyboard i knew it was the perfect fit .	同时 , 我仍然想要一个预测的键盘 , 所以当我看到了710的滑动键盘 , 我知道它是完美的适宜 。
if the book of job is one of the oldest books , there must have been a general knowledge of god , however limited , which led men to think often of him .	如果这本书是最古老的书之一 , 必须是上帝一般知识的一般知识 , 那么领导人通常认为他 。
there is no other documented association between mercury and any human cancer , leukaemia , lymphoma or other malignant or premalignant disease .	没有其他文档与任何人类癌症、淋巴瘤、淋巴瘤或妊娠疾病之间的关系 。
china has recently publicly supported sanctions against iran and imposed lesser restrictions on north korea for their nuclear activities .	中国近期公开支持伊朗和朝鲜核活动的减少 , 朝鲜核活动 。
the game opens with fifi millicent performing a gig in an unnamed wartorn middle eastern country , in exchange for a $10m fee .	游戏开放了五百万美元的竞争者中东部的中东国家 , 交换1000万美元的交换 。
in late august , joey defrancesco fulfilled the fantasy of many a disgruntled worker: he quit in an incredibly outlandish fashion .	在8月晚些时候 , 乔治·德斯科完成了很多差异的工人:他在一个难以置信的时尚 。
porter puts forward the differentiation advantage and cost advantage according to surroundings and firm strategy by means of value chain .	基于价值链的周围和企业策略 , 提出了基于价值链的分化优势和成本优势 。
given that the capability of a filter to handle both request and forward was only introduced with j2ee 1 . 4 , older versions of j2ee require a different solution .	鉴于j2ee1.4岁的j2ee版本的能力 , 只介绍了一个不同的解决方案 。
animal rights activist brigitte bardot wrote to the german minister calling on her not to give in to pressure to overturn the anuga ban .	动物权主义布莱特·布莱特·巴特写道德国部长呼吁她的压力超过八月的压力 。
valencia fullback moretti and sevilla midfielder maresca are both on lazio president claudio lotito's shopping list for the summer market .	瓦伦亚总统洛蒂的购物列出了夏季市场的购物名单 。
however , under the twolevel financial control involving in both university and schools there are contradictions within laboratory administration and longterm development .	然而 , 在实验室管理和长期发展的两级金融控制中 , 在实验室管理和长期发展中存在矛盾 。
it indicates that the sampen is more effective to extract the information attentionrelated in eeg to show the clinical application prospects in eeg biofeedback systems .	实验结果表明 , 该样本更有效地提取信息注意力 , 在eeg生物系统中的应用前景 , 展示了eegofck系统的临床应用前景 。
cole claims that mourinho has not addressed his players about what the future may hold , preferring instead to concentrate on the matter in hand winning matches .	科莱声称 , 穆林不会对未来的球员来表示 , 比如在手赢得比赛中获得比赛的比赛 。
systemic experimental investigation and theoretic analysis on the mechanical aspects of jintan's rock salt have been conducted in the dissertation .	介绍了金川岩石的机械方面的系统实验研究和理论分析 。
results 18 cases happened nosocomial infection , incidence for 14 . 3% , respiratory infections which accounted for 48% , ur 24% ;	结果18例急性鼻窦感染 , 患者14.3% , 呼吸感染率为48% , 尿病24% ;
the exception to the trend was in germany , where unemployment among young people actually declined , to 10 . 3 percent , over the twoyear period .	在两年的时间里 , 德国的失业率下降了10.3% , 至10.3% , 在两年的时间里 , 失业率为10.3% 。
it's different from the traditional view that the sentence meaning is its truthconditions . thus a new perspective of analyzing meaning is achieved .	传统观点不同于传统观点 , 意味着它的真实条件 , 因此 , 分析意义的新角度 。
conclusion pricking blood therapy has a regulatory action on acth in hpa axis of rats with experimental allergic rhinitis .	结论对大鼠肝炎患者血流行为有一定的规律作用 。
roman statesman cicero noted , " although physicians frequently know their patients will die of a given disease , they never tell them so . "	罗马州州官员声称: " 虽然物理学家通常知道他们的病人会死亡 , 他们永远告诉他们 。 "
and jesus stood still , and commanded him to be called . and they call the blind man , saying unto him , be of good comfort , rise ; he calleth thee .	耶稣停下来 , 命令他叫他 , 他们呼吁盲人 , 说 , 是良好的舒服 , 他清理 。
the size of the wafer to wafer side said , the quality of led is better than small chip . the price is proportional to the size of isomorphous .	wafer的大小说 , led的质量比较小 , 价格比原子的大小 。
in recent years , china's mode of hiv transmission has significant change in the transmission of the infection ratio increased significantly .	近年来 , 中国hiv传播模式对感染比率的传播的变化有显著的变化 。
indeed , beauty experts have demonstrated through actual research that the combination of baby oil and sugar provides a most effective method for exfoliating skin .	实际上 , 通过实验研究 , 通过实验研究表明 , 宝贝油与糖的结合提供了最有效的方法 。
he was accused of stealing the pictures while chen's computer was being repaired at elite multimedia limited , where sze was an employee .	他正在按照陈电脑的照片 , 陈氏电脑被修复 , 在那里 , 零是一名员工 。
to reinforce these themes , quotations from lincoln’s speeches and writings have been stenciled above the fireplace mantels throughout the cottage .	为了加强这些问题 , 从林肯的演讲和写作的问题 , 曾经在无论战争中停止 。
many of these settled at the daming palace site , where they have maintained much of their original regional culture , such as their dialect and traditional food .	很多这些设置在大坝地区的地区文化 , 比如他们的目标和传统食物 。
from all these examples it may be gathered how reflection is always seeking for something fixed and permanent , definite in itself and governing the particulars .	从所有这些例子来看 , 它可能是如何对某些固定性和永久性进行反射 , 确定在本身和转换特殊的情况下 。
michael had brought kay to the wedding so that she would slowly and perhaps without too much of a shock , absorb the truth about his father .	迈克尔在婚礼上带来了孩子 , 所以她会慢慢地缓慢 , 也许她对父亲来说 , 吸引真理 。
the crack growth rate in weld metal and haz of steel 36z fatigued at low frequency may be 35 and 410 times that at high frequency respectively .	低频率的裂纹增长率为36z , 低频率可分别为35和410倍 。
the system is easy to construct and simple to use and has a higher spectral resolution than conventional msps without increasing the acquisition time .	该系统很容易建立和简单的利用 , 比传统的msp不增加采集时间更高的光谱分辨率 。
the outcomes of this series suggest that repeat pv is effective at the same vertebral levels in patients without painrelief who underwent previous pv .	本系列的结果表明 , 重复pv在患者中有效的血清水平 , 无法预防pv 。
the collaboration with softbank is a good start: the company boasts 22 million subscribers , and its user base has been growing nicely over the past few years .	在过去几年里 , 软银行的合作是一个良好的开始:公司2200万个子订单 , 其用户基地已经逐渐增长 。
" i wouldn't dare call myself a pioneer of reform and opening , but , after all , we were the first ordinary people to open a restaurant , " says guo .	" 我不敢呼吁自己的改革和开放 , 但是 , 毕竟我们是第一位普通人打开餐厅 , " 郭说 。
bynum missed the final 46 games of last season with a left knee injury . he is averaging 14 . 0 points and 8 . 2 rebounds .	上赛季的最后46场比赛 , 他平均为14.0分和8.2磅 。
the flexible liner system along canal slopes was discussed in detail with respect to the properties of the related expansive soil as well as the design methods .	详细讨论了有关扩展土壤的性能及设计方法 。
the paper uses the index of sexselective abortion to indicate the effect intension of sexselective abortion on the raising of the sex ratio at birth .	利用性别吸收指标 , 指出性吸收对生长率的影响 。
" a woman will have more commendation in being the mother of heroes , " said a federalist , " than in setting up , amazonlike , for a heroine herself .	" 一个女人将更加建议英雄母亲 , " 一位联邦主义说 , " 比设立 , 因为英雄的英雄 。
terrible busy these days , by the " water margin " actually expired , no found . rare today , go to the library , library hours , before we know .	此外 , 通过 " 水马林 " 实际上 , 没有发现 , 今天 , 到图书馆之前 , 我们知道 。
to extinguish these conditions , we have to redesign the ruling mechanism of companies according to our nation's specific circumstances .	根据我们国家特定环境的规则机制 , 我们必须根据国家特殊环境的规则机制 。
jitie mouth found a stone tablet stone tablets , many words have been smashed , is obviously dont want to let others know more information about this tomb .	玉母发现了一个石膏石表 , 许多字都被毁坏 , 显然不想让其他人知道这件墓的信息更多 。
it provides a blueprint for the interteam communication that is essential not only for meeting business goals , but also for performing effective engineering .	为了满足业务目标的内部通信 , 提供了一个蓝色的通信 , 还是为了有效的工程提供有效的 。
louboutin identifies the shade it uses as “chinese red” , but argues that any confusingly similar shade would infringe the trademark .	洛布林确认这种形式是 " 红色 " , 但认为任何混淆的形式会影响传统的形式 。
so you can go to a number of forums to learn some information above constant color , the forum which will involve which network platform is more reliable .	因此 , 你可以学习一些不断颜色的信息 , 这个论坛会涉及网络平台更可靠 。
assignment . you may not assign , sublicense or otherwise transfer any of your rights or obligations under this agreement , by operation of law or otherwise .	签署 , 您不会签署 , 或者在本协议下运行或其他规定的权利或违法 。
pet ownership is booming in china , and the tibetan mastiff is the dog of the moment for those who want to spread their wealth beyond stocks and real estate .	宠物主权正在购买中国 , 老虎马夫是那些想把财富的狗 , 真正的估计 。
high school training should be adequately provided for all , and college training should be the monopoly of no class or race in any section of our common country .	高校培训应当为我们共同国家提供的高校培训 , 大学培训应该是高校培训或高校培训 。
this research focuses on the selfidentity of an aboriginal daycare center worker and discusses the effect of social structure context to identification .	本研究重点讨论了原来天灾中心自我性 , 并讨论社会结构条件的影响 。
that's because , since 1918 , oberto has used nothing but premium strips of real , lean meat that's seasoned and smoked to perfection .	这是因为 , 由于1918年以来 , 奥巴托使用了没有什么东西但是真实的 , 叶肉是季节和完美的 。
rice praised afghan attorney general abdul jabar sabit for being one of the largest employers of women in the afghan government .	在阿富汗政府最大的雇员之一 。
he takes off the tom cruise shades , and she sees the eyes of a goat—bright amber ; rectangular pupils , dilating in the dusky evening .	他走出汤姆的形式 , 她看到山羊的眼睛 , 交流杯 , 晚上 。
based on the analysis of mirror by cang yue , the paper purports to decode the new vision creation of fantastic literature influenced by new media .	根据新媒体的新观点 , 介绍了新媒体的新观点 , 利用新媒体对新媒体产生的影响 。
with the quality products of " classical decoration , perfect exhibition " , yonghong redefines the life and completely shows decoration aesthetics for every user .	随着 " 经典装饰、完美的展览 " 的质量产品 , 永永永重新定义了每个用户的装饰美学 。
the asian development bank is urging central banks in asia to pause measures to contain high inflation until global market turmoil subsidies .	亚洲开发银行在亚洲中央银行采取措施 , 直到全球市场模糊物质 。
two other snps also showed significant genebygender interactions , but their effects were not significant in either men or women alone .	另外两种nps也显示了基因干涉 , 但它们的效果并不显著男性或女性 。
although only in its second year , the club is a success , partly due to the energy and enthusiasm of its coordinator , susan michal .	尽管在其第二年 , 俱乐部是一个成功的成功 , 部分由于其协调机构、苏珊机构的能源和能源 。
jy8g . de ) made its debut in frankfurt , boosting hopes that investor confidence may be returning after the global credit crunch .	弗兰克福特的债务使投资者相信 , 在全球信贷交易后 , 投资者信心可返回 。
in mrpd , data is redistributed into some groups at step 1 , and all the groups are multitransmitted according to the request of computer nodes .	在mrpd中 , 根据计算机节点请求的请求 , 数据被重新编制成一些组 。
two divers off the coast of france peer into denise , a small , twoman diving saucer that is part of jacques cousteau’s oceanic ship calypso .	两个不同的法国农业的海岸沿岸 , 一个小 , 两人死亡者 , 是杰克·柯萨的海洋船员 。
puerto rican on the wrong side of town , but still gets to wear ravishing new look silhouettes with beautifully matching shoes .	非洲在城镇的错误 , 但仍然穿着新的看法 , 美丽的匹配鞋 。
now investors are demanding that banks like lehman and washington mutual raise capital or sell their assets to raise cash and prove that they are solvent .	目前 , 投资者要求银行和华盛顿互动资本或销售他们的资产 , 证明他们是解决的 。
lieberman has addressed a national convention before ; at the democratic national convention in 2000 , he was the party’s vicepresidential nominee .	利伯曼在20000年的民主党议会上发表了一个国家公告 , 他是党的副总裁 。
using sand polluted by the bp oil spill in one experiment , the team was able to separate hydrocarbons from the sand within seconds .	利用沙棘在一次试验中进行沙棘污染 , 可以从沙中分离水中分离水体 。
in addition , foundation base may be in dangerous conditions such as sand pipings and upheaval deformations because of unloading soil above artesian aquifer .	另外 , 基础设施基础可能是危险的条件 , 如沙滩变革和高高温变革 , 因为不负载土壤平衡 。
for example , one student made a program to inform a selected list of friends , with a short text message , where he was every 15 minutes .	例如 , 一个学生把一项专业的朋友列表 , 随着短篇文本消息 , 他每15分钟 。
steer your spaceship with the motion sensors of your windowsphone and fight against the space pirates with your arsenal of upgradable weapons .	把你的空间与窗口手机的运动传感器 , 反对空间的空间环境 。
this method can provide a new way for determination of aluminum powder con tent of propellant powder with its rapidity and simplicity and certain accuracy .	本方法可以为其快速、简单、简便、确定的铝粉含量提供新的途径 。
as it closes in on its target , the ekv integrates data from the xbrwith its onboard sensors and locks on to the enemy missile .	在其目标上 , ekv集成数据从xbrith的上部传感器和锁定到敌人错误 。
although adopting patent heddle increases the cost , but it increases the output and profit , and the invention benefit is also higher .	虽然采用专利心心脏增加成本 , 但它增加了输出和利润 , 发明效益也更高 。
since the owner was a movie producer , his clienteles were the movie stars , singers and celebrities for his late night supper segment .	由于主人是电影制造商 , 他的客户是电影明星 , 歌手和庆祝他的晚餐会议 。
jerseys , pullovers , cardigans , waistcoats and similar articles , knitted or crocheted , of silk or silk waste .	牛肉、牛肉、牛肉、牛肉、牛肉等类似的文章 , 厨房或丝绸废料 。
bonding: any of the interactions that account for the association of atoms into molecules , ions , crystals , metals , and other stable species .	绑定:对原子的协会、离子、金属、金属和其他稳定性物种的相互作用 。
another is the loblolly pine . windbreaks not only protect land and crops from the wind . surplus trees can be cut down and used to provide wood .	另外一个是洛布松 , 风力破坏不仅是保护土地 , 从风流下降 , 用来提供木材 。
their two full backs , john flanagan and jack robinson , were excellent yesterday , up against theo walcott and samir nasri .	昨天 , 约翰·弗拉纳森和杰克·罗宾森 , 反对沃尔科和萨姆纳德 。
the following factors like diabetes , erythrocyte , level of anastomosis and anastomotic technique were demonstrated to be independent .	阐述了糖尿病、甲状腺素、甲状腺炎和东部技术的影响因素 。
aesthetic pursuit has connection to various aspects of news works ; the process that the writer edits news is also the process of aesthetic pursuit .	审美追求有各种新闻作品的联系 ; 作者编辑的过程也是审美追求的过程 。
the six counties and city of the drainage area of zuo river in nanning district lie in the karst area in southwest of guangxi province .	广西南地区南部地区南部地区南部地区的6个县和城市 。
its characters are : serious conditions , quick change , more shock , easy misdiagnosis , difficult management , more complications and high mortality .	其特点是:严重的条件 , 快速变化 , 易错误诊断 , 更复杂 , 更复杂 , 高死亡率 。
on august 17 , 2005 , estonian prime minister andrus ansip met in his office with visiting chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing .	2005年8月17日 , 2005年8月17日 , 伦敦首席和俄罗斯访问中国外交部长李肇兴 。
sudan is committed to implementing the comprehensive peace agreement and holding the referendum in southern sudan in a free and fair way .	苏丹承诺实施整体和平协议 , 保持南苏丹南部的参议 。
the utility model relates to a component of a suspension system of a conveying vehicle , specifically to a trailer steel sleeve for suspension .	本实用新型涉及一种传输车辆的悬挂系统 , 特别是一套跟踪钢管 。
to make xiaoshan as our national shoemaking base , we need to do the following:one , identify the commanding heights of development and innovation ;	为了制造我们的国家鞋基地 , 我们需要做下:别人 , 鉴别开发和创新的高度 ;
improved fluorochemicals have recently made it possible to use a higher concentration of perfluorochemicals without causing medical complications .	提高氟化学近年来 , 最近利用高浓度的荧光化学 , 没有导致医疗复杂 。
children with family history of asthma or individual history of hypersensitivity were more likely to develop respiratory symptoms .	儿童家庭历史和个体历史的儿童 , 更可能发展呼吸症状 。
the present invention also relates to the new method of using the new affinity chromatography mediums in purifying and producing cobra neurotoxin .	本发明还涉及利用新型的染色体染色体介质的新方法 。
scanning whitelight interferometry increases the portrait measurement range , and its measurement precision achieves the level of nanometer .	扫描whitel干涉随机测量范围的增加 , 其测量精度达到纳米水平的水平 。
province labor ensures hall floorwalker zhang deyou to moderate , office grows jiao xuebai to make important speech .	省实验室确保哈尔沃尔沃尔沃尔德 , 办公室生长jojou , 使得重要演讲 。
grab a wide variety of historically accurate weapons including machine guns , bazookas , sniper rifles and flamethrowers .	大量的历史准确的武器 , 包括机枪、巴萨、尼古波斯、法国人 。
a study was carried out in this paper on the dyeing and finishing performance of a watersoluble sulfur black dye containing polycarboxylic groups .	本文研究了水溶性黑染色体含有聚合物组的染色和完善性能 。
a preparation method of anodic aluminum oxide film with thick barrier layer is provided , which belongs to the field of material technology .	针对材料技术领域 , 提出了一种用厚膜制备方法 , 属于材料技术领域 。
the ideal threshold for choosing between sequential and parallel execution is a function of the cost of coordinating the parallel tasks .	选择序列执行的理想阈值是协调平板任务成本的功能 。
result: there were no obvious differences in microscopic characters in adonis amurensis regel et radd in the northeast region .	结果:东北地区微观特征不显著差异 。
the facial problem is a reflection of people body's splanchnic problem . only both internal and external treatment can help solve the skin problem radically .	家庭问题是人体脾脏问题的反映 , 只有内部治疗可以帮助解决皮肤问题 。
this product is the most advantaged and clinicalvalue method for diagnosis of early nephropathy damnification equipped with enormous market demands .	本产品是目前市场需求的早期肾损伤的诊断和临床价值 。
leehom was awarded again " the best producer " in 2004 and " the best male vocalist " in 2006 by golden melody award committee .	李梅在2004年获得最佳生产商 , " 2006年由金色奖励金奖励 " 金牌奖 " 奖励 。
they include an ecommerce storefront app , a community web site , a portal site , sample reports , and a project timetracking app .	他们包括一个电子商务存储应用程序、社区网站、港口网站、样本报告以及项目吸引应用程序 。
indian multiplexes added on an average 14 to 21 new shows in the second week of the movie compared to its first week with 150 additional shows .	印度多文本增加了平均14至21个新闻节目的第二周 , 与150多个节目相比 。
candles and holders , gifts articles , ceramic vases , leaf and sugar cane vases , consol tables , panels , candle holders .	蜡烛和酒店 , 礼物 , 陶瓷价值 , 叶和糖菜 , 包裹 , 蜡烛 。
he knocks into drums , speakers , drops his mike , picks it up , then throws it to the floor and tosses himself after it for good measure .	他把自己扔到底部 , 说话 , 把它放到地板 , 然后把它扔到地板 , 为了很好的测量之后 。
says levit , " don't approach your boss with a sense of entitlement , as though he is personally responsible for furthering your career .	李维说: " 不要对你的身体进行感觉 , 尽管他是个人责任的 。
attila , king of the huns and ravager of much of western europe , died a death that was not quite what one would have expected from such a fierce warrior .	阿蒂拉 , 王王和西欧大多数西方欧人死亡 , 死亡的死亡并不会从这样的战争中预期的事情 。
there’s a videosharing ability , by which you can watch videos “with” other people , though your interactions are limited to a chatroom beside the video .	随着视频能力的能力 , 你可以观察视频 " 的其他人 , 尽管你的互动有限于视频 。
it improved some of the subjective symptoms of xerosis , the clinical xerotic severity score and dermoscopic appearance .	它改善了xeros的一些主体症状 , 临床性毒性疾病和dermoc光学出现的临床性 。
lift the clutch pedal , start to lift soon , when the feeling gradually with the clutch pressure plate linked to a half , it begins to slow down .	轻松地轻松地轻松地轻松地感觉 , 当客户压力板连接到一半 , 开始缓慢 。
bottomup reform cannot be resisted because it requires no negotiations , avoids confrontations , and it spreads like an unstoppable plague .	底层改革不能抵抗 , 因为它不需要谈判 , 避免面前扩展 , 像一个不可避免的平台 。
ames spends the rest of the movie plotting to get his revenge , make his escape and seize his little daughter back from her new foster parents .	阿姆斯花了电影的剩余电影 , 让他的小女儿从她的新朋友回来 。
in other words , the value assigned by this rule is the one that should prevail in the case that test1 is among the tests that were assigned to a machine .	在其他词中 , 这个规则的价值是测试1中应该在测试机上进行测试的测试 。
a few weeks later , we got word that the kerry people wanted me to speak at the convention , although it was not yet clear in what capacity .	几周之后 , 我们得到了一句话 , 韩国人希望我在传统上讲话 , 尽管它不清楚什么能力 。
the result of the research can also be used for reference in solving the same salt problems of other grottoes and earth relics in the northwestern arid regions in china .	研究结果也可用于解决西北地区的其他地震灾害问题和地震救灾问题的参考 。
a crystalline compound , c6h 12n 3ps , a sulfurcontaining analogue of tepa , used to treat certain malignant tumors .	一种晶体化合物 , c6h12n3p , 用于治疗某些恶性肿瘤 。
this paper describes the fundamental of thermometry and the types of thermometer . it also presents a method of making a thermocouple thermometer .	本文介绍了热力学的基本原理及其类型 , 同时也提出了一种利用rmoco耦合模式的方法 。
monaco is on the mediterranean coast , 18km east of nice and near the italian border , and is surrounded on three sides by france .	蒙娜科在中海岸 , 18km东部 , 附近澳大利亚边界附近的东部 , 周围在法国 。
of course , no one text is going to change the world , but put together , these treatises will constrain alqaida's recruitment pool somewhat .	当然 , 没有一个文本将改变世界 , 但将同样 , 这些治疗将吸引alqaidaaaaaaaaaaaaa的恢复池 。
rich dad stopped by at noon on the third week . we heard his truck pull up in the parking lot and sputter when the engine was turned off .	在第三周 , 我们听到他的卡车在停下来 , 发动机的时候 , 当时 , 我们听到他的车辆停下来 。
this added voltage is mainly power line frequency and its effect on the voltmeter reading will depend upon the normalmode rejection capability of the meter .	此外 , 电压主要是电力线频率 , 电压阅读能力将依赖于介质的正常模式反射能力 。
henan bailihui trading co . , ltd . is a company mainly engaged in fine wine , imported wine , cigar , famous tea and tobacco .	河南湾湾贸易有限公司主要在丰富的葡萄酒、进口葡萄酒、烟草、烟草、烟草、烟草、烟草和烟草 。
and try to make the room in any bedding face reflected in the mirror of food on the table , in order to receive the " double your wealth " the effect .	试图在餐桌上的任何床面反映到餐厅 , 为了接受 " 双方 " 的效果 。
when the camels had finished drinking , the man took out a gold nose ring weighing a beka and two gold bracelets weighting ten shekels .	当骆驼完成饮料时 , 男子拿出一条金鼻子 , 两个金色的大脑 。
this research takes fuqing' s preschool teachers for example to investigate the job burnout and influence factors of them by questionnaire .	本研究以福庆教师为例 , 探讨工作负担和影响因素的影响因素 。
while the atomic variable classes might look superficially like the synchronizedcounter example in listing 1 , the similarity is only superficial .	虽然原子变量类可能是清单1中的同步帐户 , 但类似性只是超级 。
another risk is that individual and commercial accounts will get mixed , as they did with the shamesyeakels , who are now suing their bank .	另外一个风险是 , 个人和商业帐户将混合 , 因为他们和莎士克尔这样做的同时 , 他们正在继续他们的银行 。
the utility model can not only lead a setline lover to use a very long fishing rod to fish , but also can cut off or set off as well as throw a fish hook conveniently .	本实用新型不仅能引导一个很长的鱼玫瑰 , 还可以减少鱼类 , 然而也可以减少鱼类 。
the results also showed that much more steady combustion could be obtained with mechanical spray nozzle than with steam atomizer for some burners with poor performance .	实验结果表明 , 具有较好的性能 , 可以获得更多稳定的结合力学喷射剂 。
this resulting schema definition and the soap message that is generated for this service are languageneutral and follow the wsi basic profile .	这导致模式定义和soap消息生成了这个服务的语言 , 遵循wi基本文件 。
recycle your code ! create a collection of your favorite and oftenused snippets and make sure that it’s easily searchable and well organized .	回收您的代码 ! 创建您最喜欢的收集 , 并且确保它很容易搜索和组织 。
we provided updates on an hourly basis to keep our users informed of the situation until it was resolved today just before 4pm pdt .	我们在一个小时基础上提供更新基础 , 以保持我们的用户信息 , 直到今天才解决了4pd之前 。
therefore it is still a challenging question for knee surgeons to reconstruct the function of meniscus which was injured or resected .	因此 , 它仍然是一个挑战的问题 , 以重建损伤或重新伤害的性能 。
for example , some on the political right reject anything the new york times reports and uncritically believe anything offered by fox news ;	例如 , 一些政治权对新协议报告和不相信fox消息提供的任何东西 。
despite trump's lovehate relationship with china , his chinese fans believe he's the one who can make the u . s . , and even the world , great again .	尽管卡扎的爱情关系 , 他的中国人相信他能让美国 , 甚至世界 , 伟大 。
similarly , plans by local chinese governments to improve infrastructure loom large for heavyequipment makers like caterpillar inc . .	同样 , 由当地政府计划改善基础设备大型的基础设备制造商 。
when grains are ground , or leaves are cooked , they become more digestible , allowing more nutrients to get absorbed by the body .	当谷物是地面 , 或叶子被烹饪 , 它们变得更多 , 允许更多的营养物被身体吸收 。
one would have expected he was looking for an opportunity to keep his team close in a hardfought game against a big city school .	一个人预计他正在寻找一个机会 , 保持他的团队在一个大城市学校的大城市游戏 。
several major banks including ubs lowered their growth forecasts for china through 2012 last week , largely because of concern that exports will fade .	上周 , 一些主要银行包括2012年的增长预测 , 大部分关注出口会面临的关注 。
thermal loading concentrated on the outer circumference of the discs during the engagement time may result in a form of conical deformation . disc waviness may ar...	热负荷集中在演讲时期的外界环境 , 可能导致一种形式变形式的变形 。
depending on the diverse document filters in the system , it might be necessary to also add a check to see if the request document is an html document .	依赖于系统的多个文档滤波器 , 它可能需要添加一个检查 , 如果请求文档是html文档 。
most of the 50 , 000 apps that have been written for cellphones that use the operating system should run in some fashion on androidbased tablets .	大多数50 , 000应用已经编写的细胞手机 , 使用操作系统 , 应该运行在某些时髦表上运行 。
the writer combines the history and rational thought , profoundly and dialectically analyses each author's works of different periods .	作者结合历史和理性思想 , 深入分析每个作者的不同时期的工作 。
the plant office is secured with a yellow bicycle lock . boxes of fisherprice toys for toddlers can be seen stacked in the warehouse .	植物办公室安全黄生物周期锁 , 可以看到顶级客户在仓库里 。
considering the multidimensional and nonlinear characteristic of physiological information fusing , the thesis use svm for building medical modeling .	考虑了生理信息融合的多线性和非线性特点 , 采用svm建立医学模型 。
american tennis player helen jacobs with the wightman cup after the usa beat britain at wimbledon , london on june 16 , 1934 .	1934年6月16日 , 伦敦16日 , 1934年6月16日 。
the pakistan people's party , ms . bhutto's party , says a united nations investigation into her death it is the only way to get at the truth .	巴基斯坦人民党 , 巴基斯坦人民党的调查表示 , 她的死亡是唯一途径 。
as a mode of industry organizations intervenient by enterprise and market , industry clusters has promoted and will promote region development of economy .	作为企业和市场的发展方式 , 工业集群促进 , 促进经济发展的区域发展 。
the newspaper calls also for victoria to be allowed to try out daily life in cohabitation with her boyfriend before any decision is taken to get married .	在任何决定结婚之前 , 报纸呼吁维多利亚的日常生活也允许与她的朋友联系 。
“but despite these successes , ” he warns , “there remain real concerns about high levels of bycatch and the reasons behind them .	" 尽管这些成功 , " 他警告说 , " 他仍然担心高水平的高水平和后者的原因 。
" with the coming of the 3g era , wireless internet will have exponential growth , " cinic said in a statement accompanying the release of its report .	" 随着3g时代的发展 , 无线互联网将有极大的增长 , " cinic说 , " 在声明中释放其报告的释放 。
this hubble space telescope image reveals " the cat's eye nebula " to be one of the most complex " planetary nebulae " known .	这个丈夫空间图像显示 " 猫眼网 " 是最复杂的 " 植物网络网络 " 之一 。
plastics piping systems . glass reinforced thermosetting plastics components . test methods to prove the design of bolted flange joints .	塑料管系统 , 玻璃加强热塑料组件 , 试验结果证了混凝土连接设计的设计 。
disney executives say that if their efforts in china are successful , they'll likely roll out english schools in other countries around the world .	迪尼执行官说 , 如果他们的努力是成功的 , 他们可能在世界其他国家的其他国家 。
with all these and many more beautiful places that exist in our world , we are lost for choice and the only way to decide on the places to visit is to follow the heart .	随着我们世界各地的很多美丽的地方 , 我们失去选择 , 唯一决定要跟踪心 。
residents of soweto , or other urban areas in south africa , are likely to grumble about foreigners in the same way as in rich countries .	南非地区的居民 , 或其他城市区 , 可能在丰富国家同样的外国 。
one guugu yimithirr speaker was filmed telling his friends the story of how in his youth , he capsized in sharkinfested waters .	一位监狱小说家说话说话说话的故事在他的年轻的水中 , 他在上帝的水中捕捉了他的朋友 。
limited data indicate that ms0 and tsr are in a relationship of 1:0 . 93 on average , that is the value of ms0 is larger than tsr .	限制数据表明 , mssssssssssssssssssssssssss和tsr在平均值下 , ms0的价值比tr更大 。
the sex games that start with such light laughter and smooching now got all dark and interesting . the more inventive the guy , the more creative it got .	这种灯光灯灯光和吸烟现在都有黑暗和兴趣 , 更有创意的家伙 , 更有创造性 。
the nqae and qam decide if additional action is required and implement this action to ensure that planned audits are performed as stipulated .	nqa和qam决定 , 如果额外的行动 , 确保计划审计的计划审计是稳定的 。
it also can protect the magnetic restraint busbar protection from maloperation possibly caused by variation of the secondary load of ct .	另外 , 它也可以通过ct变化的第二负荷的变化引起磁性反应线保护 。
the results indicated that the clean degree of ulc slab adapting two production technology was approximately consistent at the steady state casting ;	结果表明 , 稳态催化剂的稳态催化剂清洗剂的清洗程度 。
a deliverable is a measurable , verifiable work product such as a specification , feasibility study report , detailed design document , or working prototype .	可转换是一个可行的、可行性研究、详细的设计文档或工作类型的可行性的工作产品 。
the confederate soldiers promised not to fight anymore . in return for this promise , they were released on parole and sent home to their families .	联邦士兵承诺战争 , 在这项项计划中 , 他们在巴罗和送家 。
caterpillars move by a wave that starts at the back end of their body and sweeps through each segment until it reaches the head , pushing it forward .	船员通过一波 , 开始在身体的后端开始 , 直到达到头 , 直到它走向前 。
the moscow station has grayscale mosaics depicting scenes from dostoevsky's stories , which are characteristically dark and violent .	莫斯科站有谷歌的摩托斯斯科的故事 , 特别是黑暗和暴力 。
globalization is an irresistible trend and the author thinks that chinese economy and culture will benefit more during the process of globalization .	全球化是一种不可避免的趋势 , 作者认为中国经济和文化在全球化过程中 , 在全球化过程中 , 中国经济和文化将更有利 。
by forcing them to review his departure , mr nozoe may help instil one last reform: greater transparency and accountability at the level of the board .	通过对自己的部门进行综述 , 诺齐先生可以帮助一次改革:更好的透明性和帐户能力 。
maybe they like us . we've had david beckham , robert pires , dennis bergkamp , jens lehmann and now thierry again .	也许他们喜欢我们 , 我们还有大卫贝克汉姆 , 罗伯特·帕尔 , 丹尼·贝克姆 , 杰森·莱曼和埃尔曼再次转会 。
they hugged each other , and dr . stoddard whispered in mrs . thompson's ear , " thank you mrs . thompson for believing in me . "	他们彼此感谢你相信在我 。 霍普森先生的耳朵 , 感谢你 。
overscheduled , stressed , or worried kids often start sleeping less than they should , and sleep deprivation has serious consequences .	过度的、压力或者担心孩子们的睡眠比他们应该更少 , 睡眠降低 。
in 1825he bought land for a farmandfactory commune in indiana . it attracted farmers , artisans and intellectuals .	1825年 , 印度尼亚的农民 , 吸引农民、人民和智力的农民 。
through a combination of extravagance and mismanagement , celebrity photographer annie leibovitz finds herself $24m in debt .	通过一项提取和错误管理的结合 , 庆祝摄影师安妮·莱波茨发现自己的24m美元 。
mr . chen wenhao required a unified thought to guarantee the complete fulfillment of all kinds of work and the success of the convention .	陈伟先生要求一个统一的思想 , 保证各类工作的完整成功 , 成功的成功 。
recently , discoveries of early human remains in china and spa,in have cast doubt on the 'out of africa' theory , but noone was certain .	近年来 , 中国早期人类的发现仍然在中国和西班牙 , 在非洲的 " 理论 " , 但没有人确定 。
in 1995 , he wrote a lyric titled " a child in a temple " , describing his life and studies in the temple when he was young .	1995年 , 他写了一篇小孩 , 描述了他的生命和研究 , 当时他是年轻的时候 , 他写了一篇小孩 。
the reports of a given jurisdiction in the course of a generation take up pretty much the whole body of the law , and restate it from the present point of view .	根据一代法律的报告 , 给予法律的报告 , 重新从目前的观点重新启示 。
but he decided to pick up the pen , groping , continue writing , write every word , he needs to pay ordinary people can not imagine the hard work .	但是 , 他决定把笔、磨削、继续写作 , 他每个字 , 他需要付钱的人不能想象硬件工作 。
the " table of import tax rates on personal luggage of passengers and personal postal parcels " is part and parcel of this set of provisions .	通过客户和个人potalparcel " 的 " 进口税率 " 是本组规定的一部分和公园 。
about 20 years ago the city and certain visionary private developers began trying to change that too , renovating commercial space into loft apartments .	大约20年前 , 某些虚拟私人开发商业空间开始改变 , 改革商业空间 。
let the host family knows clearly the time/place/destination/counterpart in advance and get the consent when you want to go on a trip or stay out .	让主办家们知道当时/平洋/帐户在先进的时候 , 然后你想要在旅行或停止 。
by the way , there were lots of flatlike buildings in former soviet union , in which there were public toilets , bathrooms and kitchens .	根据前苏联的太平洋建筑 , 在这里有公共厕所、浴室和厨房 。
second , there are some diabetes patients who may benefit from avandia , and third , patients on avandia may wish to remain on the drug .	第二 , 有一些糖尿病患者 , 还有第三岁的患者 , 病人可能仍然在药物 。
hwang later admitted faking data to make the papers look better but claimed that a colleague duped him into thinking that the cell lines were genuine .	唐后来承认face数据 , 让文章看起来更好 , 但说 , 一个同事会让他想到细胞线是基因 。
it also ensures that your application back end runs with your usual privileges , so you don't have to make crucial files worldwriteable , which is a big plus .	还确保您的应用程序端运行 , 因此您不需要制造关键文件世界 , 这是一个大程度 。
phoenix suns chief executive and president rick welts , a longtime nba executive , told the new york times he's gay .	凤凰太阳首席执行官和总统丰富公司 , 一位长期的nba执行官告诉纽约时报道 , 他是高度的 。
the running fund of associated club are collected through moneyraising by the participants , and authority provide places and sports facilities .	联合国俱乐部的基金通过参与者的支持 , 以及运动设施提供地方和体育设施 。
it tummysolutely speeds recovery from leg ulcers simprove the report by the university of leeds' school of heingterneveryivehcare .	由法律文化学院的报告显示 , 由法律文化学院简单地提高了法律文化学院的报告 。
the death of king bhumibol adulyadej of thailand means queen elizabeth ii has become the world's longestreigning living monarch .	泰国王的死亡是世界上最长的生活货物 , 成为世界上最长的生活货物 。
article 44 where the orderer has prescribed the qualifications for the construction enterprises to contract the works , the provisions of such qualifications shall apply .	第四条建筑企业的质量化 , 应该适用于合这样的质量化 , 应该适用于建设企业的质量化 。
this paper deals with the cultivation of spirulina platensis in large areas . it was successful and predicted for splendid prospects of spirulina cultivation .	介绍了大型地区大型地区大型地区的培养 , 具有成功的和预测性 。
product simple , fresh , unique style , smell fragrant soak into the depths of bamboo heart , elegant and refined , unique .	产品简单 , 新鲜 , 独特的风格 , 味道喷雾在竹心死亡、单一的深度和限制 。
author has analyzed the poisoning reason of catalyst in kellog ammonia converter , presented the technical measures preventing catalyst from poison .	分析了催化剂催化剂对催化剂的影响 , 提出了防止毒性催化剂的防治措施 。
incomplete diallel crosses were made ir an experiment with bivoltine races of silkworm to study the genetic effects of six quantitative characters .	通过对六个定量特征的研究 , 研究了六个定量特征的遗传效应 。
when i see pure on all sides , yet discover a god to only have me in the debt is 2 human with suo promise , didn't see the diagram of fu nuo at all .	当我看到纯粹的时候 , 却发现我在辩论中只有2人类 , 没有看到fuuo的图片 。
there are several good ways to do that , including a swot analysis , evaluating your market , developing your organizational identity or simply forecasting sales .	有几种良好的办法 , 包括一个游戏分析、评价你的市场 , 开发你的组织意识或简单预测销销售 。
wander round to the gulang villa hotel , also on gulangyu , and you'll see three rather downatheel looking seafood restaurants right next to each other .	沃尔·维拉酒店 , 同时也会看到三个比例的下午餐厅 , 你会看到海鲜餐厅的右边 。
this invention provides a set of selfpowered mechanical device , an autoregulating movable weirplate , a backflushing buffer and liftpull valve .	本发明提供了一种自我增强的机械设备 , 自动调控器 , 背流式缓冲阀 。
in this paper , the authors give two propositions to find the conditional extremes of multivariable functions by using simple forms of cauchy inequality .	本文通过简单形式的简单形式 , 提出了两种建议 , 找出了多变量函数的条件 。
the paper chooses 147 private enterprises as samples , analyses the 21 inner influencing factors by factor analysis and get 7 common factors .	本文选择了147个私营企业 , 通过因素分析 , 得到了7个通用因素 。
the behavior of ca alginate immobilized yeast and polyvinyl alcohol immobilized yeast for continuous production of ethanol is studied .	研究了乙醇连续生产连续生产连续生产连续生产的催化酵母和聚丙烯醇的行为 。
doing so has all sorts of bad consequences , including poor performance , massive system backups , deterring manageability , and increasing odds of failure .	所以 , 所有的坏成果 , 包括贫困性能 , 巨大的系统背景 , 降低管理性能 , 增加失败 。
a novel approach to the realtime speech quality evaluation in a packet network using feedforward multiple class random neural network was presented .	针对多类神经网络的实时语言质量评价方法 , 提出了一种新颖的方法 。
nevertheless , in the process that await , 9 cities must the loss of the prediction of a person's luck in a given year that susceptive is a player and income .	然而 , 在等待 , 9个城市必须对一个人幸运的预测是一个玩家和收入的过程 。
objective:to investigate the relationship between the changes of plasm endothelin and nitric oxide and blood pressure in patients with essential hypertension .	目的:探讨血液内素变化与血压的关系 。
after the meeting , dai and kim watched the debut of the opera , " the dream of the red chamber " , along with the dprk people from all walks of life .	在会议之后 , 戴姆和凯姆看了奥运会的辩论 , " 红马梦 " 的梦想 , 随着dprk的人来自生活的所有途径 。
objective to test the strength of different suture fixation of tendon or ligament end and evaluate appropriate stitches number in cruciate ligament reconstruction .	目的探讨不同固定剂的强度 , 评价胆固定剂量的稳定性数 。
it is necessary to calculate the loading situation when designing arch pipe . the computation and application of arch pipes in crossing project is mainly discussed .	主要讨论了交叉工程中的载荷状况 , 主要探讨了交叉管的计算和应用 。
objective to evaluate the value of magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatographyin the diagnosis of benign and malignant bile tract obstructions .	目的探讨磁共振图像的诊断价值及恶性胆管梗死的诊断价值 。
experts believe this is largely due to the fact that men have thicker skin which hides the appearance of bulging fat cells that cause cellulite .	专家认为 , 这是因为男性皮肤的厚度皮肤 , 引起细胞的出现 。
i'll talk about who will benefit from the course and a little bit about sort of the detailed subject matter that we'll cover in the course of this semester .	我会谈到谁会从课程中获益 , 一个关于详细的物体物质 , 我们将覆盖在这个学期的课程 。
does your stomach tense ? your breathing quicken ? your pulse race ? your hands tremble ? these sensations prevented carly simon from performing live for years .	你的胃紧张吗 ? 你的呼吸速度快 ? 你的手记忆吗 ? 这些感觉来自于表演生活的年代 。
during the production of hog cholera rabbitadapeted bovine testis cellular vaccine , there occurred that the virulence of the vaccine has not attained its standard .	在热胆胆管炎细胞疫苗的生产过程中 , 疫苗的暴力没有安全它的标准 。
the active chlorine atoms were introduced in the chlorinated cispolybutadiene through a strong organic acid containing active chlorine .	通过强有机酸含有活性氯化合物 , 介绍了氯酸原子的活性氯酸原子 。
our companys product are very well , and the products are wellselled in the world , such as : eastasia . and we have a great number of costoms in the world , es . japen , korea .	我们的公司产品非常好 , 产品在世界上都很好 , 比如:东亚 , 我们在世界上有很多成本 , 日本 , 韩国 , 韩国 。
soil salinization is one of the major factors compromising crop growth and leading to soil degeneration and desertification in natural ecological environment .	土壤盐化是自然生态环境的主要因素之一 , 导致土壤降解和沙漠化 。
this name in explaining their motives mayor acknowledged media reports of criminal incidents over the city xi wali , he is writing reports balance .	这个名字在解释了他们的移动机构的媒体报告 , 他正在写道报道 。
this papers mainly introduces the making principles , properties , affecting factors and uses of the neutral silicone sealant for building and decoration .	本文主要介绍了构造和装饰原理、影响因素和使用中硅安全剂的影响因素 。
current work includes a contemporary five bedroom house , a modern home over 1500m square and the complete redesignofafamilyhouse .	目前 , 包括当代五室 , 一个现代家庭1500m平方和完整的租赁家 。
and then , there's also a sincere and urgent question about how the person is middle aged person , and he doesn't want to waste time , and you know how should he practice .	然后 , 还有一个自由和勇敢的问题 , 谁是中年人 , 他不想废弃时间 , 你知道他怎样应该实践 。
english idioms become the subject of aesthetics , for the inborn attractiveness , appeal and sociality which turns to be aesthetical values .	英语学成为审美学主题 , 对于吸引力、社会性和社会性价值来说 , 成为审美价值 。
the cachedrowsetimpl implementation is scrollable , allowing you to scroll backwards and forwards amongst the set of records represented by a rowset .	所谓的浏览最简单的实施是可调的 , 允许您在浏览器组代表的记录之间的背景和前进 。
yet as our special report in this week’s issue shows , the achievements of germany , europe’s biggest economy , tell a rather different story .	然而 , 在本周的问题的特殊报告显示 , 德国最大的经济 , 欧洲最大的经济 , 告诉一个不同的故事 。
calls to the api take the form of an http request to an established service entrypoint url , including details of the request as xml data .	呼吁api的形式 , 以htp请求建立服务入口url , 其中包括xml数据的细节 。
malaysia still keeps primary and secondary schools . pupils are taught in chinese except for the subjects of english and malay culture .	马来西亚仍然保持第二个学校 。 中国外交文化主题 。
this lets you generate pdf files , xls spreadsheets , or dynamic web pages without actually opening an ide and compiling any code .	这让您创建pdf文件 , xlsspheet , 或者动态web页 , 实际上没有开放一个想法和编译任何代码 。
the results show that the effect intension of sexselective abortion had been increasing in the course of time and it was uneven upon fertile women with different demographic characteristics .	结果表明 , 随着不同民主特性的增加 , 性选择性吸收的增加 , 随着不同民主特性的增加而增加 。
the core of higher education is to train the students of gain creative abilites . the key lies in the teachers'guidance and the students'participation .	高等教育教育的核心是培养学生 , 教师参考和学生的参考 。
a new contract for robin van persie is on arsène wenger's agenda but he does not want the issue to become a media obsession in the months to come .	罗宾维斯的新合同是阿森纳的温纳 , 但他不想成为一个月来的媒体观念 。
the beauty of seven < /p> < p> son hostage threatened chen yu , chen yu eventually did not dare let america hurt , let these people .	陈玉最终不敢让美国伤害 , 让这些人喜欢 。
i did my home work when planning for the trip to angkor wat . i knew it would be hard to take good pictures of basreliefs using the built in flash on the camera .	我的家庭计划时 , 我知道 , 我知道这会很难使用flash架构的建筑物来做好的照片 。
botrytis and anthracnose can cause rot of leaves and loss of young growth , usually stems lying on the ground or splashed during irrigation .	在灌溉期间 , 波里斯蒂和阿拉克诺斯会导致叶子和失去 , 通常在地面或闪烁 。
the quality means person's general conditions which includes the person's quality of thought and moral , science ond culture , labour skill .	质量意味着人类的普通条件 , 其中包括思想和道德、科学、劳动技能 。
wang wei expresses to this , cent brews really into the plan long already , the most crucial problem that faces is advertisement advocate admit degree .	王伟对此表示 , 中心正在进入长期的计划 , 面对广告协议的最重要问题 。
we can reship orders that are returned to us as undeliverable or unclaimed . however , customers will be charged resend shipping fee per parcel .	然而 , 我们可以重新回到我们 , 无法解决 , 但是 , 客户将被查询的费用 。
price undertakings shall not be sought or accepted unless mofcom have made a preliminary affirmative determination of dumping and injury caused by such dumping .	价格不应该承担或接受不断移民的预防措施 , 因此造成的损失而导致损失 。
results anthocyanin from purple sweet potato consists of cyanidin , delphinidin , malvidin , petunidin and methyl anthocyanins .	结果 , 从纯甜豆、黄素、黄素、黄素、甲基酸、甲基酸、甲基酸、甲基酸、甲基酸、甲基酸、甲基酸和甲基酸 。
get to know different types of smoking woods for making barbeque brisket and learn more about bbq grills and fire pits in this free cooking video .	为了知道不同类型的吸烟木材 , 学会学习bqgill和火焰在这个自由烹饪视频中学习更多的bbbq碎片 。
solar alternativeitude , azimuth , geography longitude , latitude , alternativeitude , cloud cover , atmospheric transparency .	太阳反应 , 动物 , 地理长期 , 地理长期 , 边缘 , 云覆 , 大气透明度 。
designer li xinggang once said the bowl shape would help spectators focus on the bottom center of the container , and integrate people and the structure as a whole .	设计师李兴曾经说 , 碗形将帮助观众注意在内容器底部中心的底部中心 , 集成人群和整体人群 。
there might be no better place in the world to learn to scuba dive than the glassy seas around key west , at the southernmost tip of the u . s .	世界上没有更好的地方 , 学会比关键西南部的玻璃海洋更好的地方 , 在美国南部组织 。
u . s . president barack obama is devoting most of his time and public appearances these days to one issue reforming the nation's health care system .	美国总统奥巴马对奥巴马大多数时间和公众出现 , 改革国家健康保健体系 。
the components of starch , fat , amino acid and ash were determined to analyzed nutrient components of iron stick yam and bubil .	分析了铁酸和泡沫的营养成分 , 测定了淀粉、脂肪酸、氨基酸、氨基酸、氨基酸、氨基酸、氨基酸、氨基酸、氨基酸等组成 。
i am a totally shock when i read this message , then i though back what he sms me last night , he seems like have some kind of showing since yesterday .	当我阅读这段消息时 , 我觉得他最后一夜的时候 , 他似乎有一些表现 。
as a characteristic type of city , resources cities have ever made great achievements in building up the whole industry and national economy system for china .	作为一个特殊的城市 , 资源城市在建设整个工业和国家经济体系的建设中得到了巨大的成就 。
introduced are basic principle , process flow , technical characteristics and engineering example of locat sulfur recovery process and its application prospect in china .	介绍了我国地方自我恢复过程的基本原理、工程特点及工程特点及应用前景 。
if you've used rails acts_as_authenticated , you know that a loggedin user will set the value associated with the :user key within the session .	如果你使用了铁路行为 , 您知道一个锁定用户会设置值:user键 。
dinstein explained neural activity continues even during sleep and in a typical brain , normally correlates to certain patterns .	在睡眠时 , 死亡的神经活动甚至在典型脑中 , 通常相关模式 。
the team also designed a removable observation tower that could be used to direct the fire of the howitzers and rockets while the tank was in a turret down position .	团队还设计了一种可靠的观察塔 , 可以直接直接直接指示如何和岩石在树下的位置 。
our government should build various facilities such as sewage treatment plant and encourage scientists to work out more and better ways to reduce water pollution .	我们的政府应该建立各种设施 , 比如污水处理计划和鼓励科学家 , 减少水污染 。
although they risked being heckled for saying so , chinese voices on the web suggested that public opinion here is ready for something more sophisticated .	尽管他们在网络上危险 , 但中国的声音说 , 但这里公众观点正在准备更多的东西 。
newland archer , looking out of his hotel window atthe stately gaiety of the paris streets , felt his heartbeating with the confusion and eagerness of youth .	新兰建筑师 , 寻找他的酒店窗口 , 感觉自己的心灵和青少年的心灵 。
ben: yes . numerous people stayed up that night and on tv i saw people walking on the chang' an street waving the national flags excitedly .	贝恩:是的 , 很多人在电视台上站起来 , 我看到长城市的街道上 , 正在等着国家旗帜 。
interrogation hermione , he did admit that xiuzhi and zhimin also try their best to help cover hermione , the responsibility to push on the whole region .	他承认 , 西安和朱米也尝试最好的帮助赫米尼 , 负责整个地区的责任 。
even though the fitted bodice can draw attention to ladies with smaller or heavier busts , small adjustments can be made to provide a more balanced shape .	尽管适合的瓶子可以注意到小型或重型调整 , 小调整可以提供更平衡形式 。
clearly , different levels of management , whether shorebased or at sea , will require varying levels of knowledge and awareness of the items outlined .	清晰地 , 管理的不同水平 , 无论在海岸 , 需要改变知识和意识的变化水平 。
the government allowed sharia law to be imposed there earlier this year after failing to suppress the twoyear offensive by armed extremists in the region .	政府允许莎利亚法律在今年早些时候 , 压抑两年的军事主义者 。
he added english subtitles for the movie were provided in eight local cinemas , although seven of them only showed its 2d version , according to the report .	据报道 , 英国电影提供了8个地方电影 , 虽然只有七个版本显示它的2d版本 。
according to daly , an apple representative spoke to him by phone to inform him that the rejection of the app was due to its " politically charged " nature .	根据日常 , 苹果代表演讲 , 告诉他 , 由于它的 " 政治挑战 " 自然 。
the scientific basis for establishing a set of scientific and integrated system of examination for further carrying out postgraduate education thorou...	建立科学基础 , 进一步运行后教育方案 , 建立了一套科学综合体系 。
perhaps most importantly , cd19l killed even those leukemia cells that were highly resistant to both standard chemotherapy drugs as well as radiation .	可能大多数情况下 , cd19l杀虫甚至有高抗肿瘤药物和辐射剂 。
the system will enable warfighters to use handheld computers to request fullmotion video of area of interests such as suspected enemy positions or hostile territory .	系统可以使用手机电脑 , 请求全面的兴趣视频 , 例如监视敌人位或敌人位置 。
ok is without doubt the bestknown and widesttravelled americanism , used and recognised even by people who hardly know another word of english .	好的是 , 没有疑问最好的美国主义 , 用来认识到 , 即使那些难以知道另一个词 。
organizational keep zhou muyang when on the junction of the traffic policemen , in order to convenient life , she will be home and moved to the east china sea .	当交通政策的判断时 , 组织保持张明阳 , 为了便利生活 , 她将回到东海 。
the princess bride is the perfect romantic movie for men because it celebrates virtues that are important to the muddier sex , as well as the fairer .	原则是男性的完美浪漫电影 , 因为它庆祝了muddier性的虚拟 , 以及父亲 。
in the course of a few weeks tess revived sufficiently to show herself so far as was necessary to get to church one sunday morning .	在几个星期的课程中 , 很高兴地展示自己的远程 , 要求教会一天早上教会 。
the approach uses a fibrin gel to support rat cardiac cells temporarily , before the fibrin breaks down as the cells organize into tissue .	该方法采用纤维蛋白来支持小鼠心脏细胞 , 在纤维突破之前 , 作为细胞组织组织的组织 。
discusses the windows which play an important role in building's energy saving and points nut that the lowe glass is the best one in this respect at present .	讨论了建筑能源节点的窗口 , 是目前低玻璃的最佳角色之一 。
over time , as we age , the number of mutations begins to outstrip the system’s ability to makerepairs , and mitochondria start malfunctioning and dying .	随着我们年龄 , 突变开始扩展系统能力的能力 , 迈克里亚开始自动控制和染色 。
a separate study of holozooplankton , that look like tiny transparent insects , doubled the number of known species from 7 , 000 to 14 , 000 .	一个独立的研究 , 看起来像小型透明剂昆虫 , 双重从7 , 000到1400 , 000到1400 , 000 。
running the traditional kind of business is very stressful ! after trying out amway's products , and seeing how our upline was having such a great time , we decided to join .	运行传统的业务非常紧张 ! 在尝试我们的产品 , 我们决定加入这样的时候 , 我们决定加入 。
the blood is a human life is so important in human language , blood on the terms of the very rich , such as the energetic , emotional , hard , and so on .	血液是人类语言的重要生命 , 血液在丰富、情感、情感、情绪、硬等方面的血液 。
berg got up , and cautiously embracing his wife so as not to crush the lace bertha , for which he had paid a round sum , he kissed her just on her lips .	伯格把妻子拿起来 , 所以不要把自己的妻子拿起来 , 因此他在她的嘴里就吻了她 。
national oilwell varco has developed the next generation program , which will train and develop high potential college graduates for future leadership positions .	国家石油威尔瓦科已经开发下一代程序 , 培训高潜力学院培养 , 培养未来领导地位 。
railcars , carrying passengers and goods , are main tache in the railage . with the development of society , railage makes higher and higher demands on railcars .	铁路 , 运营商和商品 , 在铁路的发展中 , 随着社会的发展 , 使铁路的需求更高 。
she keeps a hopechest of items that were important to her husband: quilts made out of hisshirts , pillows made from his ties , his holeinone ball .	她保持一个希望的东西 , 是她的丈夫 , 安静从他的身体 , 照片从他的身体 , 他的洞球中取得了重要的东西 。
in the paper , the world uranium resources , its distribution and changes in some countries are introduced by using the information from red bookpublished in 2006 .	本文介绍了世界铀资源 , 其分布和变化 , 利用红书发布的信息引入了2006年的红书的信息 。
now , the wahl ningbo is planning to develop domestic market both in professional , animal and consumer markets . we hope more people join us and we will be much better tomorrow .	现在 , 华盛博计划在专业市场、动物市场和消费者市场 , 我们希望更多的人 , 明天会更好 。
a separate report on friday showed consumer credit rose in november for the second straight month after 20 months of declines , which could bode well for spending .	周五的报告显示 , 在下月20日下午 , 第二个月后 , 消费者信贷罗斯在1月份的消费者信用 。
conclusionusing cgms and csii in diabetic patients can get valuable information about blood sugar drift and offer a reasonable clinical therapy .	结论cgm和csi在诊断患者的诊断可获得血糖药物的价值信息 , 提供合理的临床治疗 。
an online hiphop community , has received an equity investment from universal music group the financial details of the investment were not disclosed .	一个在线电话社区 , 由普通音乐集团的金融细节 , 对投资的金融细节进行了探讨 。
but town planners , zealously trying to turn the capital into a modern , efficient and cosmopolitan city , have consigned most of them to history .	但是 , 城市计划师 , 试图把资本转变成现代、效率和comomomoolitan城市 , 大多数人都被认为是历史 。
wordpress:pages are like posts but " live outside of the normal blog chronology " as you are reminded when you visit the manage pages subpanel .	词: " 正常博客科学 " 的话 , 当你在访问管理页面的时候 , 正常博客科学 " 生活在正常博客科学 。
the baby effective early learning program in the uk is a perfect and multiplex assessment system with the combination of evaluation making and education processes .	英国婴儿早期学习程序是评价和教育过程的完善和多文本评价系统 。
the addition of tapp has improved the compression strength and modulus of rpuf with respect to the compatibility enhancement derived from coupling agent .	另外 , 提高了耦合剂对rpuf的压缩强度和模块的影响 , 提高了耦合剂的可行性 。
this article introduces the villa named " bamboo wall " which was designed by the japanese architect kengo kuma , with analysis of the design process .	本文介绍了日本建筑厨师kuma的设计过程 , 利用设计过程的设计过程 。
next , do an immediatemode compare of register 3 with the number 0 and store the result in register 4 with ceqi $4 , $3 , 0 .	接下来 , 用数字0 , 存储qi4美元的结果 , 为3 , 0美元 。
on sunday the observer claimed that " the tea party rose out of anger over the scale of federal spending , and in particular in bailing out the banks " .	在星期日 , 观察者声称 , " 茶党在联邦支出的范围内 , 尤其是在银行的 " 。
by the late 1990s , however , licensing samples had become so costly that many rappers began to create backing tracks and sounds from scratch instead .	然而 , 由于1990年代末 , 许多游客开始创造背景跟踪和声音 。
the fiveyear survival rate for melanoma is about 98 percent if detected early but can be as low as 15 percent when detected at an advanced stage .	伊拉诺马早期检测的5年存活率是约98% , 但在先进阶段检测的时候 , 可以降低15% 。
but after the passing of galadriel in a few years celeborn grew weary of his realm and went to imladris to dwell with the sons of elrond .	但是 , 在几年里 , 卡拉德尔在他真实的时候 , 去刺激他儿子的儿子 。
on the evening of march 28 , 2001 , chilean president met with foreign minister tang who was in chile to attend the east asialatin america forum .	2001年3月28日 , 2001年3月28日 , 韩国总统会见了外交部长唐 , 参加东美论坛 。
on the back side of the glove are hundreds of rhinestones individually sewn on . this glove is a significant piece of pop history .	在全球背景的背景下 , 数百名农民 , 这个全球是诗歌历史的重要组成部分 。
business is booming for detroitbased companies in china today , and those partnerships are paying off at a time when sales in the u . s . have been less than stellar .	今天 , 在中国市场销售的时候 , 商业正在购买 , 美国销售额的时候 , 这些合作伙伴关系比市场更少 。
the outlook on organic form in new criticism consists of three concepts such as " literary autonomy " , " organic whole " and " unity of opposites " .	新批评的有机形式包括 " 文学自动 " 、 " 有机 " 和 " 反对 " 相反 " 三个概念 。
the following command will create , within volume group testvg , a jfs2 file system of 10mb with mounting point /fs2 and having read only permissions	下面的命令将创建 , 在umumum组测试g中 , 一个jfs2文件系统的jfs2文件系统 , 并且只有阅读程序 。
objective to study the relationship between interleukin 6 and interleukin 18 levels in serum and the syndrome differentiation of rheumatoid arthritis .	目的探讨白素6和白素18水平的关系 , 同步分化 。
the current operation state and problems of electromagnetic stirring system of skf furnace of no . 1 steel mill of maanshan iron & steel co .	目前的电磁稳定系统的电磁稳定体系 , 马山铁钢铁和钢铁系的电磁稳定系统 。
meanwhile , double lineage inheritance , equal inheritance between the sexes , and establishment of individual property have become the basic content .	同时 , 双线传递 , 同样的传递 , 独立属性的建立成为基本内容 。
the perfect state of love is being single and alone , just like the flower words delivered by garland flowers : keep the memory in the summer ...	爱的完美状态是单独的 , 就像花朵翻译:保持夏季内存的记忆 。
the huadian basin situated in southern jilin province of ne china is a half graben basin and lies to north of the dunhuamishan faults .	湖南盆地位于中国南部金林南部 , 是一半的格林盆地 , 位于华北部 。
this unit features two 128gallon mixing tanks , a 30gallon holding hopper and a flanged inlet progressive cavity grout pump .	这个单位特征为两个128个128英寸混合罐 , 一个30glon保持hopper和一个变化的进展性gleglep泵 。
although " reasonable pluralism " often characterizes the public culture of a democracy , the mainstream ideology in modern times is economism .	虽然 " 合理的多元主义 " 常特征民主文化的公共文化 , 但现代思想的主要思想是经济主义 。
a chemicalriskassessment model system is recently constructed , based on updated atmospheric dispersion numerical algorithms and the adjoint method .	最近建立了一种基于更新气态分散算法和joint方法的化学系统 。
the selection of commodities and the assignment of weights require careful consideration , but if done properly inflation will no longer be a matter of concern .	商品选择与重量考虑 , 但如果不再是关心的通胀不再是关键的关键 。
methods according to the reasonable operative plan , operation was performed under the guidance of ct and bultrasonotomography on the examining table with carm .	方法按照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照照 。
now therefore know certainly that ye shall die by the sword , by the famine , and by the pestilence , in the place whither ye desire to go and to sojourn .	所以 , 所以当然 , 黄色死亡 , 因此 , 在地方死亡 , 死亡 , 死亡 。
an integrating analog to digital converter is disclosed that comprises a delay locked loop which is synchronized to a reference clock signal .	讨论了数字转换器的集成参数钟信号 。
the newspaper said that hkma will increase its exposure in the two european capitals through the exchange fund , an investment vehicle hkma manages .	报道称 , 由于投资汽车管理所增加的两欧洲资本增加 , 投资汽车hkma管理 。
stocks' recent pullback has put renewed pressure on household budgets . the s&p 500 index has fallen about 4 percent so far in july .	股市最近的股票预算 , 股票500指数下跌了4%的股票预算 。
and he reinstituted limits on nongovernmental organizations that operate overseas and receive u . s . taxpayer money from performing abortions .	他对非政府组织进行重新限制 , 美国税收者资金来自执行吸引力的美国税收机构 。
if special circumstances prevent this from being realized , it may issue them in installments with the approval of the securities committee of the state council .	如果特殊循环保证委员会的保证委员会的安全委员会 。
in general relativity , time is considered a dimension like height , width and depth , creating a four dimensional universe called spacetime .	在通常的相对性下 , 时间被认为是高度、宽度和深度 , 创造了四维宇宙的宇宙 。
few people were custom to making inquiries of their souls from very earlier due to it is more difficult to inspect one's own heart than write a resume .	因此 , 一些人对他们的灵魂来说 , 由于它更难检查自己的心脏 。
a spokesman for fernando lugo , paraguay’s president , said that he would continue in office despite being diagnosed with lymphatic cancer .	帕拉圭总统的发言人说他继续与淋巴癌诊断 。
the permit holder shall ensure that the project is designed , constructed and operated in accordance with the information and recommendations contained in the eia report .	根据媒体报告的信息和建议 , 应确保项目设计、建设和操作 。
this model duration is longer , disappear naturally slow also , if have reappearance rash , can show constantly snakelike , annulus much shape , more annular .	这种模型的自然缓慢也会显示不断的蛇类 , 还能显示出更多的形状 , 更常见的 。
in 2007 , niu niu joined emi family and thus became the world's youngest classic pianist signed by international classic music brands .	2007年 , niu加入家庭 , 因此 , 成为国际经典音乐品牌的最年轻的钢琴家 。
but in my experience , the base uml language is more than sufficient for documenting the essentials of the architecture of most softwareintensive systems .	但是在我的经验中 , 基础uml语言超过大多数软件系统的重要性 。
i think if i do some aerobic exercise at night , it could help boost my energy levels during the 15am period where i experience the most drowsiness .	我觉得我在晚上做一些抗生运动 , 可以帮助我在15am时期的能量水平提高我的能量水平 。
from the first day of treatment with ae , the chemotaxis of mice pmn began to descend and the effect of large dosagegroups were greater than that of small dosage groups .	从第一天治疗中 , 小剂量pm的化学物质开始降低 , 大剂量的影响较小 。
the presentation at the chicago conference , which recently disappeared from a siemens web site , never discussed specific places where the machines were used .	在芝加哥会议上 , 最近从一个温度网站中失望 , 从来没有讨论机器的特殊地方 。
according to the fire statistics , the onevariable linear regression mathematical model is used to predict the spread of fire and to supervise the fire prevention .	根据火灾统计 , 采用一种可用的线性回归数学模型 , 预测火灾的速度 , 监督火灾预防 。
methods 245 undergraduate students were evaluated by selfrating depression scale , selfrating anxiety scale and a selfmade questionnaire .	方法对245名学生自我抑郁症、自我性焦虑扫描和自我性问卷进行评价 。
'we shouldn't be coerced through this process to contribute more to that effort than we're willing to do voluntarily , ' mr . lauria told the court .	" 我们不应该通过这个过程来贡献更多的努力 , 比我们愿意做的努力 , " 劳伦亚先生告诉法庭 。
the celegians are a species of intelligent scyphozoans , appearing as floating brains trailing a cluster of prehensile tentacles .	埃尔格人是一个智能的科学家 , 出现的大脑训练一群前身体的集群 。
studies have suggested that demand for new planes from chinese airlines will increase fivefold over the next 20 years , requiring over 2 , 000 additional aircraft .	研究表明 , 中国航空公司的需求将增加到20年的五倍 , 需要超过2 , 000多额外航空 。
the people of israel saw the amazing works of god and heard the thundering voice of god from mount sinai , and they trembled in righteous fear .	以色列人看到上帝的主义作品 , 听到神的声音 , 同时他们在正确的恐惧 。
in many regions , teachers engage in preparation before they start teaching in schools , a stage referred to in this document as preservice teacher education .	在很多地区 , 教师在学校教学前开始教学 , 一个阶段指导在这篇文档中作为保守教师教育 。
i can ! when eden was born he was given antibiotics to clear excess fluid from his lungs . the nicu doctors advised us to permit it .	我可以 ! 当他出生的时候 , 他给了抗生素来清洁肺部的流感 , 尼古医生建议我们承认它 。
a friendly microclimate unfurled itself from the bottle of johnnie walker and encouraged my imagination to emerge from its burrow .	一个朋友微弱的自身从约翰妮·沃尔克的瓶子和鼓励我想象的想象 。
as they were passing through a grove of small trees , they heard a great fluttering over their heads and a feeble chirping in the grass by the roadside .	正如他们经过一棵小树 , 他们听到了他们的头部和一个可怕的慢慢慢的慢慢 。
in addition to the body has some disease outside smoked more than 10 a day or alcohol and have genital inflammation is can't use drugs of abortion .	另外 , 身体中有一些疾病 , 还有10天或酒精 , 并且不能使用吸收药物 。
ie10 platform preview 1 , available for download today is the first step in delivering the next wave of progress in native html5 support .	本地html5支持的第一步是第一步转换第一步的进步 。
therefore on teaching reform , the training of the former should be combined to the training of latter so that students may improve their overall capacity in thinking .	因此 , 教学改革教学改革的训练应该结合后来训练 , 所以学生可以改善自己的整体能力 。
the ceramic coatings possess some excellent capability of corrosion resistance , heatstrike resistance , wearlessness , electric insulation and so on .	陶瓷涂料具有良好的耐腐蚀性 , 耐热性 , 耐磨性 , 耐磨性 , 电损等优点 。
the controller has been used in multiunit electric drive synchronization control system of textile dyeing machinery . it has high control presision and reliability .	采用多功能驱动控制系统的控制器 , 具有较高的控制和可靠性 。
conclusion discrimination dosages of 5 insecticides to adult mosquito could be used for the resistance detection of cx . pipiens pallens in china .	结论我国5例昆虫药物可用于抗性检测cx.pienen的抗病性检查 。
for most , the goal is to swallow all the grapes before the last stroke of midnight , but peruvians insist on taking in a 13th grape for good measure .	大多数情况下 , 目标是在最后一夜之前 , 但周围人坚持在13型优秀的测量中 。
the synchronization information is carried by short code , which overcomes the difficulty of correlation code transmission in fast frequencyhopping .	通过短频传输的相关代码 , 提出了相关代码传输的相关代码传输信息 。
this is what leads to the need to delineate the relationship and distinction between serviceorientation and serviceoriented technology architecture . here’s one way of breaking it down	这是导致服务客户机构的关系和服务客户机构之间的关系 , 这是一个破坏它的方法之一 。
errors of this type get passed through into the generated code or configuration files , which can make it difficult to backtrack to the original source of the problem .	这种类型的误差通过生成代码或配置文件 , 使其回归到问题的原始源源 。
the direct cause is the emerging atmbased bisdn and the advent of adsl , the shortened form of asymmetric digital subscriber loop .	直接原因是对称数字子描述器的短暂形式 。
the conclusion is that assembling waterstoring cellar is technically viable , and should be popularized in watercollection and watersaving irrigation projects .	结论:嵌入细胞技术可视性 , 应该在水采集和水灌溉工程中流行 。
it is important to point out , though , that schools of a certain type actively seek out waldorf graduates as potential students .	然而 , 学校在某种类型的学生 , 学校正在寻找潜在学生的学生 。
senior officials from 21 countries are meeting in hawaii this week for the annual summit of the asia pacific economic cooperation forum apec .	高级官员在哈威夷本周会议 , 亚洲太平洋经济合作论坛的年度承诺 。
it also discusses function of city circular road construction , the necessity of performing by stages and the station of viaduct in circular road .	讨论了城市循环路建设的功能 , 运行阶段和环境路的必要性 。
the multipurpose combined plough can combine the cultivation and loosening and implements the work of an empty entity coexistence cultivation method .	多元结合ploug可以结合实现空气文化的工作 , 实现空气文化方法的工作 。
sun erniangs is strongly commended by shi nai'an , revealing his advanced concepts of equality between men and women at that time .	阳光尼斯在那时 , 女性之间的女性观念强烈建议 , 揭示了他的先进概念 , 男性和女性之间的平等概念 。
some instinct had startled them , and they turned their backs on the train and began to bounce away through the grass , their motion as graceful as any ballerina's .	有些机构开始了他们 , 他们在火车上转了他们的背部 , 开始沿着灰色 , 它们的运动就像任何球员那样 。
pyridoxine : was found to be more effective than methylphenidate in treating a group of hyperactive children in a doubleblind , crossover study .	精神病:在双盲、交叉研究中发现 , 比甲苯酸治疗一组高活性儿童更有效 。
advertising play a significant role in american business , furthermore , it exerts enormous effects on the nation's economy .	广告在美国商业中扮演了重要作用 , 进一步 , 促进了国内经济的影响 。
thank you for your collection and keeping the weidong xing works and this collection card , and your behavior of collecting will also be an important part of the works .	感谢您为您的收集和保持weiding工作 , 这样收集卡 , 你的行为也会成为工作的重要组成部分 。
participants who took a daily dose saw their average number of satisfying sexual experiences increase from 2 . 7 to 4 . 5 per month .	参与者每日看到他们的平均数量 , 增加了2.7至4.5% 。
there is good oil and gas exploration potentiality in the low permeability chang 4+5 reservoir on yanchang formation in jiyuan area , ordos basin .	在江苏地区的低渗透性变化4+5层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层的渗透性和气体勘探潜力 。
the research will look at whether taking garlic capsules can disrupt the communication system of the pathogen pseudomonas to prevent illness from taking hold .	研究将探讨胃溃疡是否可以破坏病原肺炎的通信系统 , 以防止疾病的疾病 。
because of the special geological features in sublayers reservoir , the general method of injecting chemical agent does not fit the development of sublayers .	由于其特殊的地质特征 , 注射化学代理不适合物质的发展 。
" i'm not saying that we looked dowdy , " mary says . " she said , 'you don't have to be dirty to be poor . ' i always remember that . "	" 我不说 , 我们看着多迪 , " 她说 , " 你不要为穷 。 " 我总是记得 。 "
it will be said that this revolution is likely to be betrayed or hijacked , that the hardliners and the theocrats are certain to prevail at the end of the day .	据说 , 这种革命可能会被禁止或袭击 , 硬线和ocrat确定在今天结束 。
while iq and personality test may not bear much direct relation to fechner's ideas , their spirit is the same: to measure , to quantify , to know the difference between .	尽管iq和个性测试不会对联邦思想的直接关系 , 但他们的精神相同:测量量量量量 , 了解了不同的差异 。
but the sandbox has walls , as weibo for now does not play much with the outside world , and is subject to a rigorous monitoring and censorship regime .	但是 , 沙波x已经墙壁 , 如今尚未玩到外部世界 , 是一个严峻监测和犯罪监测的主题 。
well , that's a pretty big megaphone . and you'd be hardpressed , if you watched the entire day , to find a positive story about me on that front .	嗯 , 这是一个很大的megaphone , 如果你看整天 , 找到一个积极的故事 , 那么你在前面找到了一个积极的故事 。
in 2008 , ceo braddock realized that one of the biggest obstacles to ordering groceries online is that consumers can't inspect and touch perishable food .	2008年 , ceobradock认识到 , 一个最大的障碍之一是消费者不能检查和触摸食物 。
per patient treated , there is considerable variation in budgets for firstline drugs , in total ntp budgets and in total costs for each year 2002–2005 .	患者治疗 , 预算第一线药物的变化 , 在每年的ntp预算和总成成本都有相当的变化 。
also an improvement has been made by inventing a kind of composite press which possesses the advantages of both the friction press and the hydraulic press .	同时 , 本发明了一种改进的复合压力 , 具有电压和液压力的优点 。
it was considered a sign of progress that india’s parliament debated “population stabilization” this month after largely ignoring the issue for years .	这是印度议会议会议会的进步 , 这个月大量忽略了问题的问题 。
guanglei is studying the bachelor of visual media at griffith university campus and provides some fun and helpful insights in to his experience at griffith .	广西正在研究格兰菲大学校园视频媒体的基础 , 提供一些有助于对他的经验 。
it's useless staring at scoreboard . as nearly all the people had left the stand , hank resentfully went out of the stadium and got to the car in the parking lot .	随着近乎所有的人都留下来 , 链接在停车中 , 走出汽车 , 在停车里 , 走到车辆 。
while the current numbers may suggest a step in that direction , analysts say they are not a definitive indicator of a turnaround in china's trade .	分析师说 , 在中国贸易中 , 目前的数量可能建议一个步骤 , 分析师说 , 他们并非定义了中国贸易 。
“this rubbish translation is edited at points , ” groused one post attached to the translation on sina . com , a popular web portal .	" 这是rubish翻译 " , 编辑在ininsa.com的转换 , " 聚集了一个邮件 , 一个流行webportal 。
we analyses four main models of antimonopoly authority institution , and point that efficient power is very important to antimonopoly authority .	我们分析了反垄断机构的四个主要模型 , 指出有效的能力是反垄断权力的重要性 。
the donor must receive proper medical followup but this is often lacking when he or she is seen as a means to making a profit , " added dr luc noel .	捐赠者必须接受专业医疗跟踪 , 但这通常会缺乏 , 或者她看作一个利润的意思 , " 饮料诺尔博士说 。
and what " s more , the acreages of garden plot , agroland , residential and industrial land would gain its peak and then decrease to stable state . "	另外 , 农业地区的农业地区 , 农业土地将增加其峰值 , 然后减少稳定状态 。
at least 19 people died in a stampede at the love parade dance music festival in the western german city of duisburg on july 24 , the bbc reported .	据bbc报道 , 至少在7月24日 , bbc报道 , bbbc报道 , 至少有19人死亡在爱德国音乐节 。
imagination can make us anything , and , even if a teiresias syndrome leads to no overt acts , literature can make us anything and put us anywhere .	想象可以让我们做任何东西 , 即使是铁同步 , 导致没有过度行为 , 文献可以让我们做任何东西 。
after finishing , he removed flag and cheerfully wiped his mouth with it . some of stilwell's chinese are as young as 14 , few are older than 25 .	在完成之后 , 他离开了弗拉格和切切切地把自己的嘴里 , 有些银威的中国是年轻的年轻 , 少于25岁 。
a city of westcentral peru on the pacific ocean near lima . founded in 1537 , it is peru's largest port . population , 264 , 133 .	1537年 , 一座西部城市 , 建立了1537年 , 它是欧洲最大的港口 。 人口264 , 133岁 。
noone made a fuss and i have found it hard to make the case that this archaeologically superrich city is much poorer without one old tumbledown mosque .	没有人 , 我发现 , 这种建筑超级城市 , 没有一个古老的模式 。
you must have gone through a difficult time , trying to learn a foreign language and at the same time adapting to a totally different culture and environment .	你必须经过困难的时间 , 试图学习外语 , 同时适应不同文化和环境 。
a man hunted for a fox and finally lost himself in the forest . he walked around anxiously . at dark he met an old lady with white hair .	一个男子在森林里打猎了一只狐狸 , 最后他走过了一只老头发 。 黑暗他遇见了一只白发 。
the atoll—a ringshaped island enclosing a central lagoon—is part of the tuamotu archipelago , the largest chain of atolls on earth .	地球最大链上 , 岛环绕着一个中央湖 , 这是地球上最大的链 。
pennaceous feathers cover the bodies of birds , and their tightly closed vanes create the aerodynamic surfaces of the wings and tail .	pennana天气覆盖鸟类的尸体 , 它们的紧密密密密密密密密密密密密闭着翅膀和尾部的陶瓷表面 。
it is often necessary to map one business object into another when coordinating between heterogeneous systems , or even as part of normal business logic .	正常商务逻辑之间的协调 , 即使是正常业务逻辑的一部分 。
but , sometimes , that fatigue stems from low iron stores , particularly prevalent among women in their 20s and 30s , who don’t eat much meat .	但是 , 有时候 , 家庭从低铁商店 , 尤其是在20岁和30岁的妇女之间 , 他们不吃饭 。
the results showed the design was reasonable and the motion was reliable . the property of chain which was assembly by those hardened chain pins achieved high level in the world .	结果表明 , 该设计合理和运动可靠 , 由于世界各地的混合链组成的高水平达到了高水平 。
in order to relieve the habitat pressure of coastal birds , it is necessary to build waterfowl ponds at the edge of the core zone .	为了减少海岸鸟的习惯压力 , 需要建立水流池在核心区的边缘建立水流池 。
infoq: it seems that your wish regarding the video codecs is getting closer to happen as google announced they are dropping h . 264 .	福克:看来 , 您的希望标准视频编码 , 正如google宣布他们正在降低h.264 。
madonna , cherie blair and the beckhams have all moved to silence nannies who threatened to lift the apron on their domestic lives .	玛丹娜 , 奶酪布莱和贝克汉姆都移动到家庭生活的海军 , 威胁在他们的家庭生活 。
equipped with a night vfr avionics suite from either dynon or garmin , getting out and back to your secret destination will also be much easier .	设备一夜vrvrvrvvrvvrvvrvvrvvvvrvvvrvvvvvrvvvrvvvrvvvvrvrvvvvvvrvvvrvics , 您的seret定义也会很容易 。
the bars and cafes that ring the plaza have filled it with tables . families stop here after their evening stroll , or paseo , for a glass of wine .	这个酒吧和咖啡带着桌子 , 家庭停止在他们晚上 , 或是一杯葡萄酒 。
according to chen xi , a senior consultant at zhaopin . com , companies discard staff who cannot generate profit in economic slumps .	根据陈晓 , 一个高级咨询员 , 公司不能在经济滑动中产生利润 。
“our offer does not require approval from the eu , ” said ruban yogarajah , a spokesman for bhp , the world’s biggest mining company .	世界最大的矿业公司的发言人俄罗比亚jah说: " 为世界上最大的矿业公司提供的发言人 。 "
stockmarket indices , soaring house prices and low inflation surely did more to feed bankers’ and borrowers’ exaggerated sense of wellbeing .	股市指标 , 因此 , 房价和低通胀确保更多的饲养银行和借贷者的经营感觉 。
the practice indicated that conditional knowledge is the important foundation for career development of teacher , play an unreplaceable part in teacher's routine work .	实践表明 , 传统知识是教师发展的重要基础 , 在教师路由工作中扮演不可替代的部分 。
as well as beating all other sportswomen , the 20yearold finished ahead of the likes of charlize theron , natalie portman and salma hayek .	另外的运动women , 20岁的哥伦比亚 , 纳米葡萄牙和阿尔玛哈基 。
to ensure that we got meaningful results , we also verified that the grid index is actually exploited for this query as explained in a later section .	为了确保我们有意义的结果 , 我们也证明了gid指数实际上是为了解决后节点的解释 。
for instance , in the short term market peaked , many people point to petty profits , the stock has clearly powei would also like to defend or even to cover positions !	例如 , 在短期市场峰值中 , 很多人指宠物利润 , 股市明显的贫困也可能会有更好的贫困 , 甚至覆盖地位 !
investors seem to be somewhat undecided , with hisoft stock down 9 percent during regular monday trading but then rebounding 17 percent in after hours .	投资者似乎被投资者投资者投资者投资者投资者投资者 , 但在经过17%的时候 , 投资者似乎重新回17% 。
note that arthur is not going in to work at the crack of dawn , as he has a conversation in the burrow with amos diggory , who has already been at work for some time .	注意 , 阿森纳并不会在丹麦的时候工作 , 就像他在布朗的交谈 , 他已经在一些时间工作 。
typical office hierarchies don't apply: managers like farrar , who oversee teams of hundreds of artists on big films , are rootless .	典型的办公室教会不适用于:像瑞拉 , 他的支持数百名艺术家的艺术家 , 是无根本的 。
from now , only the intelsat did the 16qam experiments in space communication , and their 16qam is made by conventional method , and its data rate is not high .	目前 , 只有16qam试验在空间通信中实验 , 通过传统的方法制备了16qam , 其数据速率不高 。
laparoscopic hernia repair is a technique to fix tears in the abdominal wall using small incisions , telescopes and a patch .	采用小精密、电镜、电镜等技术 , 是一种用于固定电池中固定的技术 。
neither had married nor had any living heirs and my father once told me that it was because they were both too stingy to share their family wealth or pass iton .	我父亲曾告诉我 , 因为他们都喜欢分享家庭财富或传递 。
to the tune of an electric russian dance theme , players fit falling polyominoes into one another to clear the board and achieve the most points .	为了一个电动俄罗斯舞蹈主题的基因 , 球员们将聚乙烯转换为另一点 , 达到最大点 。
a cree exclamation of awe , “yoho” applies perfectly to the park’s big peaks , expansive glaciers , and impressive waterfalls .	一个关键的解释说: " 您的 " 对于公园的大峰、扩展玻璃器、印象水面的应用 。
his expression_r was truly comical and at that moment i did not know whether he was a preposterous old man pulling my leg or whether he was really a simpleton .	他的表达r真是常见的 , 在那时候我不知道他是否是一个前老人 , 或者是他真正是一个简单的按钮 。
the design schemes , which are good or not , influence the investment and period of construction directly , and determine the service and economic results after completation of construction .	设计方案是很好的 , 影响建筑后的投资期限 , 直接确定了服务和经济效果 。
the invention involves fluorine plastic liner manufacturing and application technology , particularly a fluorine plastic lining composite product and its manufacturing method .	本发明涉及荧光塑性脂制造和应用技术 , 尤其是一种荧光塑性化合物和制造方法 。
objective: to evaluate the effects of plateletderived growth factorbb on the attachment and proliferation of periodontal ligament cells on different root surfaces .	目的:探讨血浆生长因子对不同根表面的抑制作用及增殖作用 。
pyongyang , the capital of the revolution , was spruced up and the socialist fairyland was unfolded everywhere to change the looks of the country tremendously .	彭阳 , 革命的首都都是迅速发展的 , 社会主义的爱尔兰都不会改变国家的看法 。
the clinkering process of the bariumcontaining sulphoaluminate cement clinker was studied by the means of high temperature microscope and xrd .	利用高温微镜和xrd研究了高温显微镜和xrd的聚合过程 。
cisc processors generally feature variablelength instructions , multiple addressing formats , and contain only a small number of generalpurpose registers .	cisc处理器通常具有变量的特点 , 多地址格式 , 包含大量的通用存储器 。
to be honest , much of it had little to do with the content of the class , as we were taught the same things that any university of michigan thermo 1 student would learn .	为了确实 , 大多数学生都学习的内容 , 正如我们同样的事情 , 米歇根大学的1名学生都会学习 。
since china resumed the financial trust business in 1979 , the trust industry has experienced six major improvements and rectification .	自1979年中国金融信任业 , 信任业经历了六大改善和修改 。
objective:to observe the therapeutic efficacy of nebulized budesonide suspension plus albuterol and ipratropium bromide in childhood asthma .	目的:观察儿童哮喘儿童血管血清新生的疗效 。
she added all bp errors identified by the southern utes and the federal government have been corrected and the majority of them had no impact on royalty payments .	她补充了南美和联邦政府的所有bp错误 , 大多数人都没有影响房地产付款的影响 。
after fleeing the marriage that her father tried to arrange , she found happiness in the netherlands but lost a close friend who was murdered by a muslim zealot .	结婚后 , 她的父亲试图安排 , 她在荷兰找到幸福 , 但失去了穆斯林的朋友 。
through them perfectly visible unique mechanism bugatti , built on the principle of a skyscraper , although stories in it are only five .	通过它们完美的独特机制 , 建立了天空的原则 , 尽管这是五个故事 。
but the company generally doesn't give to charity ; it doesn't contribute to political campaigns ; it shouldn't be , ideally , doing any of those things .	但是 , 公司通常不给慈善 , 没有贡献政治运动的贡献 , 理想 , 不应该做任何东西 。
grandma billye , who is now 96 years old , loaned him $100 to start his first business , a fireworks stand he established in the 8th grade .	格兰玛·布莱尔 , 现在已经96岁 , 贷款了100美元 , 一个火车站在8年级建立了他 。
shantou city , lake food machinery factory is a professional production of automatic diecutting machine , fengguan machine , polishing machine business .	山东市 , 湖泊食品机械工厂是一家自动指导机、香港机械、邮政机械的专业生产 。
liverpool manager rafael benitez has praised captain steven gerrard for raising his game against the background of rumours of problems with his marriage .	利物浦经理贝尔·贝尼兹已经提高了他的比赛背景 , 提高他的结婚的背景 。
the cui madam's viewpoint is quite comprehend , accurate still have some to resent curious li xing asks for for the sake of the peony so much bothersome .	顾客的观点是非常复杂的 , 准确的李兴请求珍珠太多的安全 。
this article introduces a design and practice of an enterprise distributing resource planning , illuminates the structure of the drp and implementing technology .	本文介绍了一家企业分布资源计划的设计和实施技术 。
renewed efforts are needed to increase support for the " three rurals " , namely the rural economy , rural development and rural demography (	农村经济、农村发展和农村民主图案的支持 , 需要增加 " 三农村经济、农村经济、农村化 " 的支持 。
the effects of roundtrip optical length fluctuation , assumed to be an ergodic random process , on a fiberoptic ring resonator are analyzed in detail .	详细分析了圆柱光长流动的影响 , 论述了一种算法辐射过程 , 分析了一种纤维环流器的影响 。
this article uses a combination of probabilistic and nonprobabilistic methods to describe the uncertain factors that influence structural reliability analysis .	介绍了影响结构可靠性分析的不确定因素 。
use hoil , hydrogen blocking silicone oil , hexamethyldisiloxane , d4 to synthesized the needed hydrogen silicone oil .	用热、氢阻塞硅油 , 六甲基甲烷 , d4合成了需要的水性硅油 。
objective to investigate the effects of total saponins of paeonia on trace elements and myocardial ultramicrostructure of dog with acute myocardial infarction .	目的探讨大鼠急性心肌梗死的疗效及心肌超声结构的影响 。
aim to study on the alterations of t suppressor cell function in patients with ulcerative colitis and crohn's disease and their clinical significance .	目的探讨血清抑郁细胞功能的变化及其临床意义 。
we which return to together care for a tube , vernal equinox elder sister at ordinary times speak nobody too challenge don't listen to .	我们一起回到一起工作管 , 普通的时候 , 通常说诺人太挑战不听 。
it served in the western and eastern front notably in the battle of normandy , operation " market garden " in holland , and the offensive in ardennes .	在西方和东方的战争中 , 运营 " 市场园林 " 和阿根廷开放 。
the fifth chapter discusses the related problems of the capital city system of liao dynasty , including the relation between zuzhou city and liao shangjing ;	第五章讨论了辽东省资本城市的相关问题 , 包括浙州城市与刘江之间的关系 ;
but president obama's budget director , peter orszag , says republicans are just wrong in their assertions about the president's tax proposals .	但是奥巴马总统预算主任彼得奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统 。
force consequently requires solicitation from without: it works blindly: and on account of this defectiveness of form , the content is also limited and accidental .	因此 , 一旦不要求解决:它就会突然:对形式缺陷的帐户 , 内容也有限于正确 。
she maintains her fashionista reputation by wearing tshirts sporting the avatar from her favorite game and by carrying her personalized avatar coffee mug .	她用她最喜爱的游戏来保持她的时尚主义 , 通过她的个人化的咖啡馆 。
in a book titled mindset: the new psychology of success , stanford psychologist carol dweck gives a name to what i’ve just described .	在一本书中 , 新生的心理学家 , 斯坦福德心理学家卡韦克给我描述的名字 。
they claim that in order to become any more intelligent the human brain would need vast amounts of extra energy and oxygen – and we simply cannot provide it .	他们声称 , 为了成为人类脑的智能 , 需要大量的能量和氧--我们简单不能提供它 。
washington jan 22 regulators seized five u . s . banks on friday , driving up the tally in what is expected to be a busy year for bank failures .	华盛顿1月222日反映了美国银行的五家银行 , 驾驶船员 , 为银行失败 。
the international energy agency expects global oil demand to grow by just 400 , 000 barrels a day this year , to 86 . 5 million barrels a day .	国际能源机构预计全球石油需求每天增长了400万桶 , 达到86.5万桶 。
tv news brands are also heavily visited by nonprint newspaper readers , underscoring the importance of sight , sound and motion to the digital news experience .	电视新闻品牌也受非印刷报纸阅读者的重大访问 , 认识到数字报道的重要性 , 运动到数字报道经验 。
in morerecent public comments , mr . wen has pledged to maintain foreign business confidence in china and to meet more regularly with international executives .	在近年来 , 温家先生对外商信心保持外国商信心 , 通常与国际执行官相关 。
if the timer expires before data in the segment is acknowledged , tcp assumes that the segment has lost or being damaged , and a retransmission is sent .	如果在数据中执行的时间器出现 , tcp假设会损失或损坏之前 , 另外一个反应会被送入 。
because it returns a result with nominal nanosecond resolution , it's natural to think that it has the same accuracy and precision limitations as system . nanotime .	由于它返回正式纳秒解决的结果 , 认为它具有同样准确性和精度限制的限制 。
as a result , threading a perfectly weighted through ball to your striker releases a feeling of achievement more potent than completing a quadratic equation .	因此 , 随着一个完美的重量 , 通过你的攻击者发布了一个成就方程 , 比完成队列方程更加潜力 。
according to the company , it further expanded its production capacity and its combined annual production capacity reached 5 . 57 million tons in december 2008 .	根据该公司的生产能力 , 与2008年12月的年度生产能力达到5.57万吨 。
the simulation indicates that the instrument greatly enhances the measurement accuracy for parameters of l , c and r , and gets better measuring effects .	仿真结果表明 , 仪器大幅提高了l、cr、r等参数的参数精度 , 得到较好的测量效果 。
to help the children enter society headon with a positive attitude , everybody is encouraged to help in social building activities within our own campus .	为了帮助孩子进入一个积极的态度 , 每个人都鼓励社会建筑活动 。
the researchers also demonstrated they could split apart an entire community of cultured intestinal microbes and create a " personalized " library of bacterial species .	研究人员还表示 , 他们可以分开整个社区 , 创建一个 " 细菌类 " 的个性化图书馆 。
during rehabilitation a locked plate fixation construct still has to be protected from full weight bearing until signs of union are visible on the radiograph .	在恢复一个锁定板固定结构中 , 必须保护整个轴承 , 直到联合签署的可见性 。
blues also have fitness concerns over michael ballack , but essien moved to ease mourinho's problems by turning out for his country on tuesday .	蓝军还担心迈克尔·布莱克的担心 , 但在周二对穆林州的问题进行调查 。
the attorney for the appealing party and the attorney for the party who won in the lower court file briefs , or written arguments , with the court of appeals .	在低法院文件简单或写作论文的课程中 , 批评党的历史学和历史学 。
the inability to demonstrate improvements whether or not they occur will undermine client motivation across the board and deny feedback for meaningfully evolving the process .	可证明改善的能力 , 不管在板板和密封进化过程中 , 可以明显提高客户运动的能力 。
the researchers found that handling physical money makes a person less sensitive to physical pain and reduces the distress of being excluded in social situations .	研究人员发现 , 处理物理资金对物理疼痛和降低社会状况的影响 。
by setting chills on the defect locations to isolate the molten iron in those areas from contact with the resin sand , the defects were successfully avoided .	通过设置缺陷位置 , 避免了红砂与红砂相互作用的分离铁分离 , 避免缺陷 。
she created a team culture and work atmosphere in compliance with the reality of zte's handsets , unity , contribution , hard work , smiling services and customer caring .	她创造了一个团队文化和工作氛围 , 与zte的手机、单位、硬件工作、软件服务和客户携带的真实性 。
" we don't think things have changed from last week to this week , " schuchat stressed , explaining the importance of looking beyond those lab counts .	" 上周我们不认为这件事情发生改变 , " chuchat紧张 , 解释那些劳动国家的重要性 。
now that youth has ebbed and i am stranded on the bank , i can hear the deep music of all things , and the sky opens to me its heart of stars .	现在 , 年轻人在银行上 , 我可以听到所有东西的深刻音乐 , 天空开着我它的心里 。
it was a battle of attrition for saina against an opponent to whom she had lost four times and won just once — that too way back in 2010 — previously .	这是一场比赛 , 她失去了四次 , 赢得比赛 , 在2010年前 , 还有一次回来 。
“i’d been wanting to have a child for a really long time , but i wasn’t trying , just put it like that , ” madonna says . “it was one of those weird surprises .	" 我想做一个很长的孩子 , 但我不要尝试这样的 , " 马德纳说 , " 这是那些第三个私人之一 。
through the multilevel organic matrix mesh in the bone particles , it indicates that the mineral phase is related to the organic matrix in corallium elatius .	通过b骨粒子中有机矩阵现象 , 表明矿相与矿物质相关 。
results 32 patients have false positive results , including 11 with autonomic imbalance , 9 with hypertension , 6 with diabetes and 6 with other disease .	结果32例患者有阳性结果 , 其中包括111例自动性疾病 , 高血压、6例糖尿病及其它疾病 。
another tale , never proven , was that papanoida's interest in eekway was strictly familial , and that the senator had blood ties to the enigmatic baron .	另外一个任务 , 从来没有证明帕诺达的兴趣 , 希腊公路是严格的家庭 , 参议员们对大熊的血症有血症 。
according to the improvement results , then some feasible ways for ineffective dmus are put forth , which provides a reference base of making decision and scientific management .	根据改进结果 , 提出了一种有效的dms的可行途径 , 提供了一个参考基础和科学管理的参考基础 。
the same effect happened with google maps . when the company trimmed the 120kb page size down by about 30 percent , the company started getting about 30 percent more map requests .	同样的效果是谷歌图案 , 当公司试图120k页的大小下跌30% , 公司开始达到30%的地图请求 。
later , zhen yini also persuaded the guardian , to get girls , with sincerity and sincerity to impress her , and not to fiddle with the application of non .	后来 , 郑毅也承担保卫人 , 获得女孩 , 坚韧性 , 强烈地抑制她 , 不要用非应用程序 。
this method even allows you to modify the authentication rules on the fly , because all pamaware programs start applying the new rules without the need for any changes in their code .	这种方法允许您在飞机上修改意义规则 , 因为所有的pamaware程序开始使用新的规则 。
but i sat silent in my hill , the barbarians still came in their thousands , and there were few who dared to wield excalibur , knowing that they would surely die .	但是我坐在我的山谷里 , 巴比亚人仍然在千上万 , 还有几人敢敢死 , 知道他们会死亡 。
so threequarterlength sleeves in tops and cardigans are a wonderful way to conceal the fuller upper arm and upper body , but also bare some skin at same time .	因此 , 在顶端和卡迪斯的三角长袖是一个很好的途径 , 同时 , 同时也会有一些皮肤 。
after the introduction of some related concepts , the application of workflow technology in integrated business support system of guangdong telecom was focused on .	介绍了广东电信集成业务支持系统的一些相关概念 , 重点讨论了广东电信的工作流技术应用 。
although tom was aware that it would be to display annoyance publicly at the sales conference , he could not his irritation with the client's unreasonable demands .	虽然汤姆在销售会议上显示 , 但他不能与客户合理的不合理需求 。
this was an excellent opportunity for the opposition papers , which immediately attacked the governor for what they called his illegal interference and his brutality .	这是一个很好的机会 , 直接攻击他们称为 " 非法交流 " 和他的兄弟 。
looking for transiting extrasolar planets is analogous to pallé and colleagues' technique — using the moon as a mirror to watch earth transit the sun .	寻找运输外星 , 用月球作为观察地球运输太阳的镜头来看看太阳 。
the flames filled this building ; it was a perfect furnace ; the door was burned , the floor was burned , the wooden christ was not burned .	房子填充了这栋建筑物 ; 门被烧毁 , 木材基督并没有烧伤 。
individual members of fecdb frequently answer this call to arms and participate in statewide petition drives to put various propositions on the ballot .	个人成员通常答应这种叫做武器 , 参与国家农业驱动的各种建议 。
more importantly , how can you accurately assess you are iterating down the right path for your product and company success , and not simply digging further in a rat hole ?	更重要的是 , 您可以准确地评估您的产品和公司成功的正确路径 , 并且不仅在大小洞内挖掘进一步 ?
public speaking has fringe benefits too . it is a confidence booster and empowers the speaker if he successfully gets his audience agree with him .	如果他成功地获得自己的观众同意 , 公共演讲者也是一个信心的博士和雇主 。
nowhere is this more relevant than in the fastmoving world of it , where your work speaks for itself and ivy league letters after your name are no match for your hacking abilities .	现在 , 在您的名字之后 , 您的工作讲话 , 对于自己的名字来说 , 你的名字来说 , 这比你们的快速世界更有关 。
that said , there is a lot of story that is still being explored and left to explore . to diminish that story to only being about arthas and the lich king is a bit shortsighted .	此外 , 有很多故事 , 仍然在探索和离开的故事 , 只有关阿拉斯和李王的故事 。
socialist market economic system has been gradually set up , the higher education system is under reform , knowledgebased economic age is coming , and education service is open...	社会主义市场经济体系逐步建立 , 基于知识经济的改革 , 教育服务开放 。
indeed , the threats that the lnc is already issuing should give the international community doubts about its readiness to lead in democratic government .	实际上 , lnc已经引发国际社区疑问其民主政府领导的 " 民主社会 " 的威胁 。
nowadays , the policy of mandate construction supervision has been widely accepted by the society following the obvious achievements it made in the past years .	现在 , 经过去年来 , 人工监督政策已经被广泛接受了社会的成就 。
most mainlanders who suffer from depression do not get proper treatment due to a lack of psychiatrists and public prejudice , mental health professionals said .	由于心理卫生专业人士说 , 大多数受抑郁症患者不会获得正确的治疗 。
the interactive multimodels method was also discussed , which is implemented of the uniform and " currently " accelerated motion model for the maneuvering target modeling .	讨论了该目标模型的互动多模块方法 , 实现了 " 目前 " 加速运动模型 。
method: the teaching of moist burn medicine includes medical knowledge , diagnosis , medical skills , review course and assessment and test .	方法:采用医学知识、诊断技能、评价法、评价法和测试 。
it has been a growing concern in the printing industry that if can we use densitometry to measure and control spot color ink or not when considering printing process control .	在印刷工业的印刷工业中 , 如果我们可以使用密度来测量和控制点颜色 , 或不考虑印刷工艺控制 。
in the yangcheng sanbao 500kv ehv transmission lines , a fixed series capacitorwas used to increase the power energy transmitted through the lines .	在长江省500kvehv传输线中 , 固定的系列电容器用来增加电源传输线 。
the lusitania and the titanic are often thought of as sister vessels ; they in fact belonged to two separate owners , but the error is understandable .	罗斯安亚和塔尼亚通常被认为是妹船 , 他们属于两个独立者 , 但错误都是理解的 。
but the current h1n1 pandemic flu has really made this very evident so far , people have passed the flu virus on to pigs , turkeys and ferrets .	但是当前的h1n1病毒流感真的使得这种非常明显的 , 人们对猪、牛肉和牛肉的流感病毒传递了流感病毒 。
the anglers fishing with myself were competing with glanville's anglers for the most fish in a day record , trying to beat the 28 fish from the previous day .	随着我自己的日子记录中最多的鱼 , 试图从前一天来吃28鱼 。
bill gates sr . , 83 years old , is now cochair of his son's $30 billion philanthropy , the bill &melinda gates foundation .	比尔盖茨.r.83岁 , 现在他的儿子30亿美元的基金会教练 , 比尔和麦尔达·盖茨基金会 。
and it's not just developers . as the blurb to tim o'reilly's opening remarks suggests , tim mentions the importance of users to open source .	并且不仅开发商 , 作为timoo的开放标记 , 提高用户开源的重要性 。
beijing still grieving the deaths of tens of thousands , china has sketched the first blueprints for rebuilding after last week's earthquake .	北京仍然增长了数千万的死亡 , 中国在上周的地震后重建了第一个蓝色印刷 。
in this paper , a new method combining target transformation factor analysis and spectral library searching was developed for qualitative analysis of mixture from ir da ta .	本文提出了一种新的目标变换因素分析和光谱图书馆搜索的方法 , 提出了一种新的方法 。
the reason is that a knowledge base with sound structure and complete content directly influences the inference speed and the validity of result in expert systems .	专家系统的知识基础 , 直接影响了专家系统的创造速度和有效性 。
the experimental results showed that the liquefaction extent enhanced with the increase of liquefaction temperature , catalyst dosage , and liquidsolid ratio .	实验结果表明 , 液相对提高液体温、催化剂量、液相比 。
at first , research the nature of the ice in the songhua river water system , the resistance performance of the icebreaker , and then , study the propulsion performance of icebreaker .	首先 , 研究了南华河水系统的耐旱性能 , 然后研究冰冷器的稳定性能 。
strapped city , state , and federal technology departments have been some of the organizations most enchanted by the quick turnarounds the cloud promises .	广泛的城市 , 联邦技术部门 , 由云周围的迅速转变而引起了很多组织 。
it was the kind of card that comes in an inexpensive assortment box sold by a child going doortodoor to try to earn money for a school project .	这是一位孩子去学校项目的孩子赚钱的卡 , 为了赚钱 。
much less whey drains out of yogurt made from certain strains of lactic acid bacteria that can convert sugars into long starchlike molecules .	大多数是否从某些激素酸细菌转换成长期淀粉分子 。
during the planned economy period , a set of production areas and residential units as a whole community , which is built to meet the need of country construction .	在计划经济时期 , 生产区和住宅单位作为整个社区 , 建立了国家建设的需求 。
the american plan also meets stern's other prescriptions for an effective green stimulus a concentration on building efficiency and renewable energy .	美国计划也会遇到西方的其他预言 , 为建筑效率和可再生能源的浓度 。
in japan , lu hsun is the most notable chinese writer whose work 'hometown' is referred to as the required textbook among the japanese students .	在日本 , 卢迅是日本学生的最有意义的中国作家 " 主题 " 的作家 , 正如日本学生的需要textbook 。
it simply discusses the features of agile methodology , and compares it with traditionary software developing methods , introduces a few agile methodologies mo .	简要讨论了敏捷方法的特点 , 比较了传统的软件开发方法 , 介绍了一些敏捷的方法模式 。
the hardening treatment , relief of symptoms in patients with the recent rate of 100% , cysts significantly reduced or disappeared .	最近100% , 肿瘤患者的临床疗效 , 囊肿显著降低或失望 。
the operation of system is simple , quick and stabilization , and its maintenance is convenient , interface is friendly , it is helpful for its popularizations and applications .	系统操作简单、稳定性 , 维修方便 , 接口有利于其流行化和应用程序 。
" u . s . academics and intelligence analysts have consistently underestimated the rate of chinese progress both economically and technologically , " he said .	他说: " 美国学术和智力分析师一般认为中国经济进步和技术上进展的比例 。 "
alpha thalassaemia , an inherited condition , is common in many areas of the world where malaria is endemic , particularly africa and southeast asia .	alphaaaathaaaaaathalasia , 是世界上许多地区 , 尤其是非洲和东南亚 。
objective to introduce the classification about ct signs of primary brainstem injury and investigate it's value in the diagnosis and prognosis .	目的介绍主要脑损伤的ct信号分类及其诊断价值的价值 。
simulation and experiment on the piezoceramic actuator show that the proposed model to describe the behavior of piezoceramic actuator is effective .	仿真和实验结果表明 , 实验结果表明 , 该模型描述了pzeramic活动器的行为有效 。
austenite phase is dominant in gtaw joint microstructure and the lowtemperature impact toughness of gtaw joint is better than that of smaw joint .	在gta连接微结构中 , 降温反应的影响比smaw接口更好 。
don't center your life around children and grandchildren . do look for your own social circles . this way , you won't be disappointed with too many expectations .	不要在孩子和爷爷们的生活中心 , 寻找自己的社会圈子 , 这样你不会失望太多的期望 。
the amount of the portion of the effective hedging shall be confirmed in accordance with the absolute amounts of the following items whichever is lower .	根据有效的项目 , 应按照下列项目的抽象数量 , 按照下列项目进行有效的调用 。
the government information resources access and publicity is an important measure to build and strengthen the egovernment and serviceoriented government .	政府信息资源访问和公共资源是建设和加强政府的重要措施 。
the cloths of service, to do service in the holy place, the holy garments for aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office .	服务的衣服 , 在圣地的地方 , 耶稣的祭司 , 和他的儿子 , 到祭司办公室 。
the influence factors on surface curing time of silicone rubber release agent vulcanized at room temperature were analyzed by experiments .	通过实验分析 , 利用实验分析了硅橡胶在室温下释放剂的影响因素 。
methods: data about biological feedback therapy and nursing care in 30 cases with pelvic floor functional constipation were reviewed and analyzed .	方法:回顾30例心理功能条件下的生物反馈治疗和护理护理 。
according to the law of attraction , a powerful intent made up of clear , pure and focused thoughts will start to attract the very essence of your desires .	根据吸引法 , 一个强大的内容 , 纯粹和焦点的思想将开始吸引你的精神的重要性 。
to reconstruct the 3dimensioanal image of heart and the region of myocardial ischemia from 2dimensioanal tomogram of electron beam ct .	为了重建心脏图像和心脏化学区域的心脏化学区域 。
tone down the loop count on the previous example , add set x to the beginning of the script as well as a comment , and execute it , as shown in listing 12 .	如清单12所示之前的例子 , 添加x到脚本的开始和一个评论 , 并执行清单12所示 , 如清单12所示 。
this study was undertaken to use a foodfrequency instrument for dietary caffeine consumption to evaluate the relationship between caffeine intake and liver fibrosis .	本研究对食品频率的影响 , 评价咖啡蛋白和肝纤维素的关系 。
application integration brings together multiple applications and information sources without the user directly invoking them ; it focuses on the relationship between applications and data .	应用程序集成带来了多个应用程序和信息源 , 不直接引用户直接调用它们的关系 。
and the countries seen as most vulnerable to climate change are all poor: they include somalia , burundi , niger , eritrea , afghanistan and chad .	阿富汗、阿富汗、阿富汗、阿富汗、阿富汗、阿富汗、阿富汗、阿富汗、阿富汗、阿富汗、阿富汗、阿富汗和主席 。
global banking profits are now approaching their 2007 precrisis peak , but the divergence between growing and stagnant markets is becoming increasingly stark .	目前 , 全球银行利润已经达到2007年前 , 但增长和稳定市场的差异越来越大 。
in addition , fda can initiate a mandatory recall if the agency determines that an adulterated or misbranded infant formula presents a risk to human health .	另外 , fda可以对人类健康的风险回归 , 如果机构确定一个成年或错误的婴儿形式提出一种风险 。
danton was a headstrong firebrand , a swashbuckling political showman with a prodigious memory , whose spectacular oratory held audiences in thrall .	danton是一个强烈的火灾 , 一个令人惊叹的政治演员 , 他的观众在威拉举行的观众 。
international popular style interface , many commercial software are used , is the beginning of an incredible 14 years since a young foreign hands .	国际人口类型接口 , 很多商业软件使用 , 是一位年轻的外国手段的开始 。
the parenteral hyperalimentation therapy is a safe and effective method for severe ulcerative colitis patients , and it can improve the histology of patients .	父母高化疗法是严重的溃疡炎患者的安全有效途径 , 可以改善患者的疗效 。
the line's clean forms are associated with high quality technical solutions for water control , from taps to mixers , from diverters to shower heads and spouts .	该线的清洁形式与水质控制的高质量技术解决方案 , 从而显示头和输出头 。
the data structure in jpeg2000 compressed domain is firstly analyzed . the concept of information tree and a novel treedistance measurement are then proposed .	首先分析了jpeg2000压缩域数据结构的概念 , 提出了一种新型的抗抗抗旱措施 。
although pain , i would effort perfect my life , will not be ungrateful to you of love , will not be ungrateful to you with i play 10 year play hideandseek of with patience .	尽管痛苦 , 我会努力完善我的生命 , 不会让你感到爱 , 不会让你玩10年的愿意 , 同时我玩十分珍贵 。
chateau la ragotiereshining pearl of the french garden , running by wellknown aristocracy generations of the three brothers goile at nantes .	法国花园的花园 , 由三名哥哥哥哥哥哥哥哥来到了三代 。
how to construct implementation and management system of course design is the premise and ensurance of carrying out course design systematically and training comprehensive applicative talents .	如何构建课程设计的管理体系 , 是实施课程设计的前提和培训综合应用人才的前提 。
albanese will now lead a charm offensive to try to win round individual institutions and secure the simple majority necessary to approve the deal .	albanese现在将导致一个挑战 , 以赢得个人机构 , 保障大多数必要的必要性 。
in a speech at a police college , zuma conceded that south africa had one of the highest murder rates in the world , with 18 , 000 killings last year .	在一名警察院的演讲中 , 张非洲的演讲中 , 世界上最高的谋杀率之一 , 有18 , 000人杀死 。
thailand's police found over 920 , 000 amphetamine tablets on board the boats , plying between china's yunnan province and the thai port .	泰国警察发现了920 , 00名陶瓷板板 , 中国云南和泰国港之间 , 中国的云南之间 。
sending troops to central africa to meddle in an utterly murky conflict is a symptom that the interventionist addiction is growing worse .	发送军队向中非传统的增长更糟糕的murk冲突是一个症状 , 传统的添加剂是增长的 。
the testing results proved that the qh4 saving energy coasting device has a remarkable fuel—saving effect to any model of motor vehicles and at any road condition .	试验结果表明 , 节省能源沿岸设备具有显著的燃料 , 在任何路径条件下 , 还有任何路径条件 。
that approach to the clivus is slightly oblique , but can provide as wide an exposure as is achieved with the approaches involving a bilateral maxillotomy .	这种方法对clivus的方法有显著的 , 但可以提供广泛的曝光 , 涉及一种双边矩阵的方法 。
the three realized that man was the key to victory in the war against heaven , and thus altered their rigid agendum that they had propagated since the beginning .	三人意识到 , 是战争对战争的关键 , 因此他们的风险的年代 , 自从开始就开始 。
cubic's simulation systems division , based in orlando , produces and manufactures est 2000 , including its realistic and robust simulated weapons .	根据奥兰、制造和制造林 , 包括现实和罗斯模拟武器 。
the basic thought of floor arrangement , influencing factors and basic arrangement method are proposed to bring regulation for floor structure arrangement .	针对流动结构安排、影响因素和基础安排方法 , 提出了流动结构安排的基本思路 。
the scale of the economic crisis is far larger and many more americans recognise that rootandbranch reforms rather than temporary repairs are required .	经济危机的范围远大 , 许多美国人认识到 , 罗根布兰改革的改革速度比当代修复要求更多 。
the government will not only make the " pie " of social wealth bigger by developing the economy , but also distribute it on the basis of a rational income distribution system .	政府不仅使社会财富的 " 猪肉 " 的发展 , 同时也分布了合理收入体系的基础 。
the refreshing time of asparagus reached 1824 days after treatment of two pressurization at the pressure of 250mpa with the operation time of 15min .	在治疗250例手术时 , 诊断时间达到了1824天的治疗时间 。
it's a solid little slab with a similarlooking plastic front and rubberized texture as the $79 nontouch model , but with fewer buttons .	这是一个相似的塑料前景和橡胶纺织品作为79美元的非触摸模型 , 但随着几个按钮 。
because our team needed users to connect to a database and set up multiple jboss containers , we used panels to prompt users for sitespecific information .	由于我们的团队需要连接数据库并设置多个jbos包含器 , 我们使用panel来提高网站信息的应用程序 。
“on first glance , these interactions of light and particles looks like magic , ” she says . “these polar molecules are the pinnacle of quantum optics . ”	她说: " 在第一次的光学和粒子看起来像磁学 , " 她说 , " 它们的聚合分子是量子光学的pinc 。 "
this wicked king , claudius , was going to capitalize on the grief and anger of laertes for the death of his father and sister to destroy hamlet .	这个野王 , 克拉迪 , 将在他的父亲死亡的死亡和姐妹死亡的死亡 。
conclusion we could found the circumferential margin infiltration by observing pathologic large slice objectively and exactly . it should be a routine examination after operation .	结论 , 我们可以通过观察病理大、实际检查 , 应该是一种路由检查 。
there were no casualties on the ground , a salt marsh , when the exploded remnants of the jet fell some distance away from the neifu airport in puchengcounty .	在广东市新兴机场的时候 , 没有饱和的盐标志 , 当jetll的解释了一些距离 。
china has gone through similar experience of the ldcs in fighting poverty and pursuing development , and we fully appreciate the hardship and difficulties they face .	中国经历了类似的经验 , 运动贫困和追求发展的经验 , 我们充分欣赏他们面临的硬度和困难 。
the format of the data to be exchanged between client and service is defined in terms of the xml the xml schema for the online coffee service is shown in listing 1 .	在线咖啡服务的xml模式中 , 将数据交换到客户端和服务之间的格式交换为xml模式 。
second question , it is reported that some us media accused chinese hackers of hacking into pentagon's network and compromising information about us fighter jets .	第二个问题 , 报道 , 一些美国媒体引发了中国网络和编译信息的信息 。
the average south african , for example , definitely shouldn tbe paleskinned only 9 . 2 per cent of the population define themselves as white .	例如 , 平均非洲 , 只有9.2%的人口定义为白人 。
except for sea buckthorn fruit is rich in protein , fat and carbohydrates , there are a variety of essential vitamins and minerals .	除了海鲜水果丰富的蛋白质 , 脂肪和碳化合物 , 有各种主要维生素和矿物 。
employee job satisfaction can be explained respectively the company turnover intention , job performance with the variability of 49 . 38% , 58 . 46% .	雇员工作满意度可分别阐释公司的注意力 , 工作性能与49.38%、58.46%、58.46%、58.46% 。
owen paid tribute to a performance in which the youngster scored , hit the post and forced an outstanding save from roberto abbondanzieri with an audacious lob .	青花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花花 。
civilianized journalism appeared in the early 20th century and grew in the 1920's . the impulse is the changes on the systems of politics and economy .	1920世纪初期 , 民族化记者出现了20世纪早期和绿色 , 是政治和经济的变化 。
methods by means of bicolour fluorescence and flow cytometry analysis , the results were compared during different layout time , hemolysis time and washing time .	方法采用生物荧光和流动周期分析 , 比较了不同层次、血液时间和洗洗时间的结果 。
fate has conspired to rob us of two world class goalkeepers , our inspirational leader jt , inform winger arjen robben and influential midfielder joe cole .	战争已经引起了两个世界级目标者 , 我们的投资领袖jt , 信息wingenroben和影响中场工作核心 。
it is widely used in car audio and video , tac machine , intelligent meter , solar power , electric car , electric power tool and military applications etc .	广泛应用于汽车音频和视频机、智能电源、电力工具、电力工具等 。
jamie wilson , of simplyhealth , said: " committing just half an hour a month to helping someone else can make a real difference to your life as well as theirs。	杰米·沃尔森说: " 只有一半小时帮助别人的生活和生活的真正差异 。 "
given our duty to safeguard public health , the tendency of officials facing such a situation is nearly always to err on the side of caution .	为了安全公共卫生 , 紧张官员面对这样的情况 , 几乎总是错误 。
china has worked for more agreement among the emerging markets and developing countries on the reforms to increase the representation for developing countries in the ifi's .	中国在改革的改革中加强市场和发展国家的协议 , 增加了发展国家的代表国家 。
发言的参议员有萨姆 . 纳恩、约翰 . 格伦、恰克 . 罗伯、乔 . 利伯曼、约翰 . 布鲁、杰伊 . 洛克菲勒和艾尔 . 戈尔。	安德·安德 , 斯特 , 斯特 , 路边 , 边边 , 边边边 , 边边 , 边边边 , 边边边 , 等等等等 。
that could be because doctors are more nervous about the effects if flu on pregnant women and are more likely to admit them , but the death rate among pregnant women is high .	这可能是因为医生对孕妇女的影响 , 更可能承认他们的影响 , 但孕妇死亡率较高 。
funny once , my friend . ) some jokes count on jadedness in order to be funny , just as many arty films only appeal to a jaded audience .	一旦 , 我的朋友 , 我的朋友 , 就像很多阿森影片只会出现在一个珍贵的观众 。
more resistance was encountered when we sought to install the 6th warden first as professor of physics at stockholm university , then as rector .	当我们想要安装6战争首先作为股市大学物理学教授的教授 , 然后重新记录 。
i know that its best to be safe verses sorry , but i don't think that there has been one single case in history , where a bomb threat was called in and a bomb went off .	我知道它最好的是安全的版本 , 但是我认为 , 在历史上 , 一个炸弹威胁被称为 " 炸弹威胁 " 。
this could mean different things for different members of the spy ring , says mikhail lyubimov , a retired colonel of the kgb and a renowned cold war spy .	这可能意味着不同的成员 , 迈克·罗默夫说 , 卡比和一个著名的冷战空间 。
they also found almost no difference between methods in male and female workers , suggesting that careerdriven women were just as “competitive” during salary negotiations .	他们也发现了男性和女性工作者之间的差异 , 提示 , 职业驱动性女性只是 " 竞争性 " 。
ita software definitely has “the right connections in north america , ” daniello says , while “we [amadeus] have ours in europe and asia . ”	大尼尔说: " 美国的正确连接 , 达尼尔说 , " 我们在欧洲和亚洲有我们的 " 欧洲 " 。
natural calamities , such as floods , tropical cyclones , tornadoes and tidal bores occur here almost every year — with tragic results .	自然陶瓷 , 如洪水 , 热带循环 , 恐龙和老虎在这里发生了几乎是跟踪结果 。
soap <> cobol nonxml transformations can be developed with ibm websphere transformation extender to perform the message mapping within the gateway’s processing policy .	开发了soap>cobol非xml转换器 , 通过ibmwebsphere转换器来执行gteteway处理策略的消息映射 。
these morphological changes were few in the group 2 . conclusion: hbo combined with nimodipine and music had great restorative effect on hyperirritability icvd .	这些形态变化在组2.结论:hbo结合nimipine和音乐对高渗性icd的影响很大 。
combined with the practical exploration approaching , the stability of surrounding rock is computed using the earthquake wave achieved prom he cite .	用地震波计算方法结合实际探索方法 , 利用地震波达到的稳定性计算 。
while there are many practical and political difficulties of afforestation of regions this large , the benefits could be enormous and go well beyond carbon sequestration .	尽管有很多实用性和政治困难 , 但它的利益可能是巨大的 , 更好的碳序列 。
for example , some new: the introduction of modern " science " and " democracy " etc , the meaning from the traditional chinese , is completely different words .	例如 , 有些新的:现代 " 科学 " 和 " 民主 " 等 , 从传统中国的意义完全不同 。
drive gear , made use of alloy steel forging , lubricating oil pump spray , extend gear life and ensure longterm printing chromatic precision .	驱动齿轮 , 采用合金钢 , 润滑油泵喷雾 , 扩展齿轮寿命 , 保证长期印刷精度 。
the famous picture of " riverside scene at qingming festival " will also make its appearance in the china pavilion to illustrate the charms of ancient chinese cities .	清明节著名的 " 风景景景 " 也将在中国古代城市的旅游展中展现出它的展览 。
in the enjoying , the conquest of this knowledge is renewed every time it is exercised , the power it yields always being directed toward its jouissance .	在享受享受的时候 , 这个知识的贡献每次都会加快 , 权力总是直接向它的工作方向 。
it is unchristian to believe that an end can justify the means . even the kingdom of god is not a good enough end to justify any means that causes harm to people .	相信 , 结束的意思 , 即使上帝的王国并不够好 , 才能让任何原因危害的人 。
a study is carried out on a hypersonic inlet with rectangulartocircular shape transition and forebody using numerical simulation and high enthalpy wind tunnel test .	利用数值模拟和高能源风隧道试验 , 采用数值模拟和高能源风隧道测试 。
result both mutanolysin and lysozyme could successfully lyse the wall of bifidobacterium and extract the plasmid from bifidobacterium .	结果mutolys和淋巴酶可以成功地地清洗细菌的墙壁 , 提取bifid细菌的塑料 。
aim: to study the efficacy and safety of entacapone as an adjunct to levodopa treatment in parkinsonian patients with wearingoff motor fluctuations .	目的:探讨耳其手术的疗效和安全性 。
the idea is proposed that the flow characteristic of electronic expansion valve should adapt to superheat gain to refrigerant flow rate under different evaporation temperature .	提出了电子扩散阀的流动特点 , 应适用于不同蒸馏温度下的超热流量 。
11 and solomon gave hiram twenty thousand cors of wheat as food for his household , in addition to twenty thousand baths , of pressed olive oil .	11岁 , 伦敦为他的家庭食物 , 另外还有两千个浴缸 , 压榨橄榄油 。
li decided to sponsor a number of disadvantaged pupils in gansu under the euchina basic education project running in the province since 2001 .	由于2001年以来 , 甘肃省基础教育项目运行了许多差异的博物 。
objective to evaluate the clinical efficacy and toxicity of cef as the neoadjuvant chemotherapy regimen in the treatment of locally advanced breast cancer .	目的评价当地先进乳腺癌治疗的临床疗效和毒性 。
to strengthen the organization and coordination , strengthen the service consciousness , and further intensify promote the development of medicine industry strength .	加强医疗业的组织和协调 , 加强服务意识 , 进一步促进医疗行业的发展 。
the jets were viewable in the animated segment one on either side of an indiantricolour symbol to celebrate the 70 years of the country's independence .	在动画中 , 人们看到了印度哥伦比亚的70年的独立性 。
automobile , big and small freight vehicle , box vehicle , sightseeing bus , no matter is the private car or the company vehicle may shanghai loan .	自动汽车 , 小型汽车 , 箱汽车 , 轻型汽车 , 不管是私人汽车或上海汽车 。
in addition to physical changes to the touchscreen , the technology of the touchscreen also ushered in a new wave of software interaction on mobile devices .	除了物理变化 , 触摸屏的技术也在移动设备新波的软件交互作用下使用了新的软件交互技术 。
crepes suzette with mixed fruit , choice toppig blueberry sauce , chocolate sauce , strawberry sauce , pineapple sauce , mango sauce .	用混合水果 , 选择了蓝莓酱 , 巧克力酱 , 紫莓酱 , 纯盐 , 曼谷酱 。
however , the development of chinese silk industry is facing allround challenges including diversification of fibers , companies' competition in outside world and developing countries .	然而 , 中国银行业的发展面临着各种挑战 , 包括纤维、公司的竞争对策 。
they were quite different in chloroplast membrane structures , pigment protein complexes , the content of electron trans port components and photosynthetic functions .	他们的电子交通组件和照片合成函数的不同 , 相应蛋白质复杂 , 电子交通组件和照片合成功能 。
to explore the safety of modified type tatvp3 fusion protein , and the efficacy of modified fusion protein type of tatvp3 to immune system .	为了探讨改性类型塔vp3融合蛋白的安全性 , 改性模模模模拟蛋白质类型的效果 。
the effect of the significant parameters on the stability of the large diameter cylinder quay of the piled wall type is investigated through numerical calculation .	通过数值计算 , 研究了管道墙类型的稳定性 。
some of you may do nothing at all . believe it or not , there are millionaires and billionaires among us who masquerade as relatively normal , moneyconscious people .	相信 , 你们的一些人 , 相信 , 大约有百万富翁 , 其中有相对正常、金钱意识的人 。
the former army colonel , who seized power of the sparsely populated country in 1969 at the tender age of 27 , had totally reshaped the country in his image .	1969年代 , 前军队殖民族的力量 , 在27年代的年代 , 必须在他的图片中重新改革 。
steven gerrard today savoured liverpool's derby day victory and insisted the reds are relishing the challenge of winning the race for a top four place .	史蒂芬·德德尔今天保存利物浦的德比亚日胜利 , 并坚持红军的挑战是为了赢得第四个地方的挑战 。
some methods of preventing contamination in the largescale cell culture were introduced including people training , enviromental control , aseptic technique and material management .	介绍了大型细胞培养、环境控制、物质管理等方法 。
the left yi doesn't know for the cilia and dragged this hazardous topic , this isn't good , ask for an personality with brutal variety of to come out miserably .	左yi并不知道cilia并拖动这个哈塞的顶部 , 这并不好 , 请求一个个人 , 要求一起来自错误 。
liverpool are on the verge of singing esbjerg youngster nikolaj kohlert on a threeyear deal , according to reports in his native denmark .	据他的地方丹麦报道 , 利物浦正在在唱歌节目的尼克罗·卡尔·卡莱特在三年的交易中报道 , 利物浦正在上午 。
sand street south 18th french credit agricole bank , the sand street south 60 , the anglican communion is neoclassical works .	沙街18号法国农业银行 , 沙街60 , 江南交通是邻近的工作 。
college counsellors who work at the front line of ideological and political are the grassroots commanders and educators of the ideological and political work .	大学教师在思想和政治方面工作 , 是思想和教育人员和政治工作的图案 。
ct current transformers are instrument transformers used in conjunction with ammeters , control circuits and protective relaying . they usually have 5 ampere secondaries .	电流电流电流变换器使用的电流变换器 , 控制电路和保护电路 , 通常有5种类型 。
once fully dried , it is left to rest for some days , then in one step the skin , dried fruit flesh , parchment layer and all are torn from the green seed .	一旦完全干燥 , 留下一些时间 , 然后在一个步骤、干燥水果、公寓层和绿色种子中所有的水果 。
compared to ordinary noise correction methods , nonlinear fitting with a middle and later impulse response function is more advantageous when snr is relatively low .	同时 , nrrr相对较低时 , 非线性噪声法比较 , 在nsrr相对较低 。
introduce:xiaogu and mother give maternal father pay respects to sb at his tomb , xiaogu fell into bug hole suddenly in , before returning 10 years .	介绍:夏格和母亲为母亲提供了尊重 , 夏格倒入口袋 , 在返回10年之前 , 回来10年 。
a business process competency center can provide a central repository of information for addressing these needs — and hosting it in the cloud makes it easily accessible .	业务过程中心可以提供一个中心的信息库 , 并且希望云中容易访问它 。
the results in surface temperature distribution of a reduced scale model from the above calculation com pared with that from experimental measurement are relatively identical .	实验结果表明 , 从实验测量中 , 降低扫描模型的表面温度分布与实验测量相对 。
wollastonite as polymer filler is considered as an important direction to the utilization of wollastonite , which reduces the polymer product cost and improves product performance .	由于聚合物填充剂作为木材的利用方向 , 降低聚合物成本和提高产品性能的重要方向 。
in october of two thousand eight , michael pollan wrote a letter to presidentelect barack obama which was published in the new york times magazine .	在10月份 , 迈克尔·波兰写了一封信 , 为纽约时代杂志发表的奥巴马总统奥巴马 。
" connecting people , quality first " is our tenet , jinze people will be creating continuously to make copetitive products and we invite you passionally to set up the future resplendence .	" 连接人 , 质量第一 " 是我们的紧张 , 金人将继续创造竞争性产品 , 我们邀请您经常建立未来解释 。
the results show that: the corundum refractory possesses the best erosionresisting characteristic in the pellet kiln , so it is the most suitable to be applied as lining in this kiln .	结果表明:腐蚀反射池在石油kn中最好的抗蚀特性 , 因此它适合于该kil中最适宜的应用 。
to admission the wto , brings opportunity and gauntlet for our country market , credit has become bottleneck of restricting the development of socialism market economy .	为了承诺我国市场的机遇和农村市场 , 信贷已经成为社会主义市场发展的瓶颈 。
during the standoff , six american warships surrounded the seized vessel to ensure the weapons were not taken elsewhere in the volatile region .	在统计期间 , 六个美国战争周围 , 保证武器在战争区的地方 , 保证武器在战斗区的地方 。
hybrid characters obviously show maternal heterosis , fruit setting date , fruit size and color if hybrid population all tend to follow the femal parent .	混合性质明显显显显显显显显显显显显显显显显显显显著 , 水果大小和颜色 , 如果混合家长 。
but even if weighing costs against benefits does not entirely answer the question of what should be done about climate change , it is an essential part of the answer .	但是 , 即使对于气候变化的问题 , 应该对气候变化的重要组成部分来说 , 这是答案的一部分 。
the utility model has novel structure , and is tough and durable , as well as is in particular applicable for the repairmen of various surcharged truck tyres .	本实用新型具有良好的结构 , 具有良好的耐磨性 , 特别适用于各种搜索卡类型的修复 。
hailing from the large western region of lithuania known as samogitia , these axemen are amongst the heaviest infantry units available to lithuanian armies .	南亚西部地区的西部地区 , 这些毒品在最高的防御单位 。
analyses the antifriction and noisereducing mechanism of the model , furthermore , it shows the direction and significance of this new concept's study in the fut...	分析了新概念的研究方向和显著性 , 提出了新的概念研究方向和意义 。
the left cervical incision was perfoimed for cervical esophageal carcinoma and partial cervicosternotomy was performed for lesion in the upper thoracic segment .	左颈颈椎癌和部分颈椎癌症的左颈椎切除术 , 为左颈椎切除术 。
slowerthanexpected growth has fueled speculation the federal reserve could launch another round of bond buying to try to drive longterm borrowing costs lower .	随着增长的增长 , 联邦储的增长可能会推动另一轮债券购买长期债券购买成本低 。
soil moisture content and its dynamics on road embankment and cutting slope at fixed points were investigated on shaanxi—inner mongolia desert expressway .	研究了陕西固定点固定坡的土壤含量及其动态学性 。
the american association of university professors says sixtyeight percent of all teacher appointments at american colleges today are adjuncts .	美国大学教授说 , 美国教师在美国大学教学院的六十八分之一都是调整的 。
the intelligent electricmagnetic flowmeter , integrating the sensor , converter and integrator onto it , and displaying on the spot , is introduced in the paper .	介绍了智能电磁流体 , 集成传感器、集成器和集成器 , 并对其进行了详细介绍 。
the tribute in light represents the lost twin towers from the world trade center . it displays just one of many memorials to the 9/11 attacks five years ago .	五年前 , 全球贸易中心的三星代表了洛杉矶城镇 , 显示了9/1攻击的记忆之一 。
we should not entrust important jobs to persons who have made grave mistakes and whose attitude remains bad ; they should be deprived of their current ranks and perquisites .	我们不应信任牧鼠错误的人 , 抗肿瘤仍然坏死 , 他们应该是他们当前的行为和必要的 。
objective to investigate the effect and mechanisms of tumor suppressor gene pten on the induction of anoikis of human bladder transitional carcinoma cells biu87 .	目的探讨肿瘤抑郁基因的作用及机制 。
its capital was bodoni , and its leader was general pica . the guardian " s phones rang all day as readers sought more information about the idyllic holiday spot . "	它的首都是博德隆 , 它的领导人都是普通的猪肉 , 保卫员每天都在阅读者 , 因为读者对动态假期的信息 。
qcg series conventional canned motor pipeline mounted pumps are used to handle clean water or other liquids similar to water in physical and chemical properties .	应用qcg系列传统的运动管道运动泵 , 用于处理清洁水或其它液体的液体和化学性能 。
unconventional agents such as the agent causing bovine spongiform encephalopathy , is associated with variant creutzfeldtjakob disease in humans .	无传统的代理 , 如人类疾病 , 随着各种各样的切割性疾病相关 。
by introducing a reducedorder observer to reconstruct the state of the exosystem , the problem of physically realizable of the ootc law can thus be solved .	介绍了一种减少的观察器 , 重建奥运法的体现问题 , 可以解决ootc法的物理可靠性问题 。
an approach is proposed to discretize continuous intervalvalued attributes in rough set theory . the approach is characterized by emphasizing classseparability in discretization .	提出了一种基于粗糙集理论的连续性分布特征 , 提出了利用分类分类分离性的方法 。
the air defence systems on display at airshow china in november showed a strong emphasis on deployable , multifunctional weapons with the export market firmly in mind .	今年1月 , 中国航空防空系统展示了一项强烈的重点 , 多功能武器 , 与外国市场的出口市场紧张 。
rabies patient should protect processing in the quiet environment court eunuch , may use the tranquilizer to reduce patient's spasm , paralysis and the ache .	兔子病人应保护安静环境课程 , 可以使用传统安静化器减少患者的空间、瘫痪和痛苦 。
however , should nilmar arrive as a replacement , wolfsburg may be willing to lower their price slightly and loosen their grip , allowing the rossoneri to pounce .	然而 , 应该成为一个替代 , 女性burg可能会降低他们的价格 , 减少他们的增长 , 允许罗斯尼亚的罗斯人口 。
an adaptive control strategy for parallel hybrid electric vehicles is proposed based on drive cycle recognition with the balance of battery soc as objective .	提出了一种基于驱动循环识别的自适应控制策略 。
as the situation of trust research's multidisciplinary interaction and omnibearingly advancing , it is imperative to check its philosophic dimensionality .	作为信任研究的现状 , 信任研究的多文化交互与omnibe相互作用 , 检查其哲学方向 。
the longterm studies by hossain and his colleagues suggest that dams have particularly altered extreme precipitation patterns in arid or semiarid areas .	长期的研究表明 , 大坝特别是在阿姆或半径区的极端精度预测模式 。
since the end of the cold war , when washington sniffed soviet influence in its backyard , u . s . south american policy has slumped in importance .	自从冷战结束 , 当华盛顿南美政策对其背景影响 , 美国南美政策已经减少了重要性 。
the capture of two german agents in 1942 uncovered two such codes which british intelligence had repeatedly failed to crack , the declassified files reveal .	1942年 , 两个德国代理在1942年发现了英国智力的两种代码 , 声明文件显示 。
a new stabilization additive was studied , it has good effect to improve the color change and sediments formation of fcc diesel fuel containing nonbasic nitrogen compounds .	研究了一种新的稳定添加剂 , 提高fccel燃料含有非基因氮化合物的颜色变化和沉积作用 。
net income came in at $54 million , or 4 cents per share , down from net income of $151 million , or 11 cents , in 2007's third quarter .	网络收入在54万美元 , 或4% , 从网络收入下跌100万美元 , 或2007年第三季 , 2007年第三季 。
it’s certainly helping out the alphabet’s second vowel , although as the english language’s most popular letter , it doesn’t really need it .	虽然英语最流行的信号 , 但它并没有真正需要 。
new york times chairman arthur sulzberger declined to comment in an wedensday on its involvement in the new device except to say , 'stay tuned . '	纽约时代主席卢伯德周二宣布在新设备中发表评论 , 除了说 , 「 安装 」 。
the dynamic , vivid , personality about workflow becomes the urgent needs of the customer , with wfms application scope to extend and application realm to expand continuously .	动态、vivid , 人格关于客户的需求 , 随着wfm应用程序范围扩展和应用程序实现继续扩展 。
minister of the fingers into a large source to the coil , and quickly plucked from the middle of some dirt around workers are using water washing the dirt on the various components .	手指的部长在各种组件中 , 用水洗洗洗不同组件下 , 迅速抽取 。
mclennan , on the other hand , felt more in control and says she enjoyed aspects of her former job , especially the money and the opportunity to " party with rock stars . "	在另一方面 , 她感觉更多的控制 , 并且说她的前工作的角度 , 尤其是金钱和摇滚星的机会 。
since we spend forty or more hours at our jobs weekly , it is essential to your health and longevity that your place of work is as conducive to wellness as possible .	由于我们每周花时间或更多的时间 , 在我们的工作周期 , 就业的健康和长期的地方 , 您的工作就业是有可能的 。
this is a redundant practice when using odbc , as the configuration is purely in initialization of the application , and the odbc functions are androgynous to the database system .	当使用odbc时 , 使用odbc时 , 正如应用程序的初始化 , odbc函数与数据库系统 。
the opposition leader had returned to pakistan after eight years in exile and had survived a suicide bomb blast during her arrival procession in karachi only months before .	反对党领导人在7年内返回巴基斯坦 , 在她的阿拉伯斯过程中 , 只有几个月前 , 在卡尔加州的阿拉伯黑人 。
next , they divided up the diabetics and gave half a placebo and treated half with extendedrelease niacin , a drug that raises hdl levels in the blood .	接下来 , 他们分成了半个地方 , 用大量释放氮 , 一种药物在血液中提高hdl水平 。
well you could stretch it and say that an example of engineering to improve human health is getting them from one place to another , but that would be more of a stretch than i'm going to make .	嗯 , 你可以把工程师放在另一个地方的地方 , 但这比我要做的比例来改善人类健康的例子 。
investors looked decidedly spooked on monday , with asian and european bourses down sharply and the dow tumbling 643 . 76 points , or more than 5% .	投资者决定在星期一发言 , 亚洲和欧洲债券下跌643.76分 , 或5% 。
here is a wiring diagram for the star configuration that i have found from the net . you are better to do this with great circumspection or it would be easily end up with a burned esc .	这里是我从网找到的恒星配置图 , 您更好地做这么大环境 , 或者它会很容易被烧伤的c 。
but the study of the buddhism thoughts from mou zongsan is less than others , especially the study of dacheng qixin lun's content and significance .	然而 , 蒙南的佛教思想的研究比其他人更少 , 尤其是大庆的内容和重要性 。
more regulation of companies , encouraged by the sarbanesoxley act in the united states , and other measures designed to clean up the corporate act will be the spur .	更多的规则 , 由美国的sarbanesoxley行为鼓励 , 并且其他措施清理公司的行动将成为企业行为 。
you can embed media to better illustrate a topic , provide information about yourself to build your credibility , and collaborate with others to improve your knol over time .	您可以嵌入媒体 , 更好地说明一个顶端 , 为自己建立信用 , 并与其他人协作改善您的厨房 。
this paper describes the idea of mvc2 , the innovation in filtering and xml , as well as the design and implementation of access control administration system based on mvc2 .	文章介绍了mvc2的创新思想 , 以及基于mvc2的设计和实施 。
steele declared subsequently to cnn that limbaugh's comments were incendiary and ugly , prompting limbaugh to question steele's ability to lead the party .	史密斯宣布 , 利比亚的评论是合理的 , 促进利比斯坦的问题的能力 , 引导党的能力 。
yet their summers more likely involve city recreation centers , steamy blacktop , or a splash in a public pool or a fire hydrant turned fountain .	然而 , 他们的夏季更有可能涉及城市重新中心 , 蒸汽 , 或者在公共池或火焰转变了山脉 。
using these for reference , china should complete present educational investment system , give priority to development of the basic education , strengthen educational institution etc so as...	利用这些参考 , 应完善教育投资体系 , 为基础教育、加强教育机构等基本教育机构提供优先的发展 。
north korea says it attacked the island , killing two soldiers and two civilians , because the south ignored its warning not to fire into disputed waters around the island .	朝鲜说 , 它攻击了岛屿 , 杀死了两名士兵 , 两名民兵 , 因为南部警告不要在岛上的灾难 。
implementation: capable of implementing creative ideas in an allround way based on the overall strategy , we can achieve the best result from user experience optimization .	实施:基于整体策略的实施创造性思想 , 可以实现用户经验优化的最佳结果 。
the composer kennosuke suemura also allegedly plagiarised warcraft ii in super robot wars w . however , there have been no reports of legal action being taken .	然而 , 超机器机器战争中 , 还没有法律行动的报告 。
as the strategic and leading industry of china , hitech industry attracts much fdi . gradually , fdi becomes the main power of promotion of hitech industry in china .	随着我国的战略和领导产业 , 高兴工业吸引力越来越多 , 逐渐成为我国高科技工业的主力 。
in the second quarter , aol said , its own members made up 36% of unique visitors to its network of websites , but generated 80% of page views .	在第二季度 , 自身的成员在网站的网站上占了36%独特的访问者 , 但创建了80%的页面视图 。
but eventually we decide to skip it and return towards the barkhor . along the way we bump into fellow travellers anja and joep , who are also exploring the city .	但是最后 , 我们决定把它带回巴基河 , 沿着我们的旅游者安排和约束 , 谁也在探讨城市 。
changes california constitution to prohibit abortion for unemancipated minor until 48 hours after physician notifies minor's parent or legal guardian .	加利福尼亚的父母或法律卫生之后 , 改变加州联合党的增长 , 直到48小时 , 直到他们的父母或法律师 。
the majority embryo of seeds aborted at earlier stage could develop to earlier globular embryo phase due to the abnormal endosperm nucleus division .	初期阶段大多数种子吸收物的胚胎可能是由于异常内核分裂而发育的胚胎 。
the fifth , the agribusiness managerial education should to teach the profession knowledge , to make the independent thinking and cultivate the habit of lifetime learning .	第五 , 商务管理教育应教授教授 , 使独立思维和培养生命学习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习惯的习惯 。
empire: total war featured a brandnew engine which would become the foundation of our latest developments , and introduce fully 3d naval battles to the series for the first time .	帝国:总战争将成为我们最新的发展基础的基础 , 介绍了第一次的第一次的海军战斗 。
students will be able to use the knowledge and methods they will have learned in this course to search related materials and find answers when they encounter law problems in the future .	学生将可以使用这个课程学习的知识和方法 , 可以在此课程中学习相关材料 , 并在未来的法律问题找到答案 。
conclusion it is satisfactory of lattice scarification under corneal epithelium to treat bullous keratopathy caused by physical and mechanical factors .	结论 , 采用物理和机械因子 , 结论其在角膜下有较好的反应 。
optimists shrug that politicians always talk populist claptrap during primaries and that mr obama has actually committed himself to very little .	奥巴马对奥巴马的政治家们总是谈论人群 , 而奥巴马总是承认自己很少 。
the mode on wii carries the exact same design as it does elsewhere , less your hairstyle options which are for some reason limited to one color and three style choices .	在wiwi的设计中 , 同样的设计 , 除了一些原因的颜色和三种类型选择的原因之外 , 您的发型选择 。
the main view of this paper is: only when the laborers have legal collective bargaining right , and fully exercise this right , could they protect their own work rights and interests effectively ;	本文的主要观点:当劳动者的法律收集权 , 完全运行这一权利 , 可以保护自己的工作权利和兴趣 ;
at the same un summit , president obama offered strong rhetoric but little substance as he faces fierce domestic opposition to proposed carbon cuts .	与此同样 , 奥巴马总统提供了强烈的农村 , 但他面对国内反对的小物质 。
barack obama and hillary clinton went back and forth several times throughout their zigzag battle for the 2008 democratic nomination — sometimes via voice mail .	巴拉克奥巴马和穆林顿在2008年民主选举的时候 , 巴拉克·奥巴马和奥巴马走了几次 。
the interior advances a practice that is dedicated to wish fulfillment , material exploration and an unashamed reveal of exotic theatricality present in daytoday life .	内部的实践表明 , 希望满足、材料探索和一项未成熟的日常生活 。
balanced input signal from any true balanced player will be handled all the way through in fully balanced till it reaches the balanced headphone output connector .	从任何真正平衡球员的平衡信号将通过完整平衡的平衡计算机来处理所有的方法 。
the area has become an " arena " where gathers world big powers and various politics . the united states recognizes that central asia is part of the us global strategy .	这个区域已成为 " 世界大力和各国政治 " , 美国是美国全球战略的一部分 。
the person most commonly associated with aop is gregor kiczales , currently at the university of british columbia , where he works on software modularity research .	英国哥伦比亚大学英国哥哥伦比亚大学的最常见的研究人员 , 他在英国哥伦比亚大学工作于软件模块研究 。
types of help might entail thorough job training on the job , direction , transportation , or other support enabling that individual to retain his or her employment .	类型的帮助可以在工作、方向、运输或其他支持个人保留自己或她的职业 。
there was a scene whereby su jin finally went to the house she lived with yong min and finally packed up all her things and dropped the keys into the mail box .	有一场景 , 苏金终于走到房子里 , 最后把所有的事情 , 把钥匙放进邮箱箱 。
the finite element method is used to analyze the influence of external circumstances on effect of deicing or snow melting system by electrically conductive concrete .	利用有限元法分析了外界环境对电动混凝土系统的影响 。
bp managers say they frequently hear that 'potus has ordered' such and such , 'potus' being washington shorthand for 'president of the united states . '	bp经理说 , 他们通常听到 " potus " 这样 , " 反对华盛顿的 " 华盛顿 " 和 " 美国居民 " 。
g2 united states recognizes the presence of international agencies , foreign governments and other representatives of staff and their immediate family members .	美国认识国际机构、外国政府及其它代表人员和他们的家庭成员 。
in particular , the relevant import declaration form as signed and issued by the customs shall be submitted for the payment for any purchase of foreign exchange .	在特别情况下 , 客户应当为外交易所签署的相关重要的进口延迟形式 , 应对外交付付付付付付付付付 。
the analyzing method in this paper is based on the classical theory of plates and shells and the twomoment limitedinteraction yield condition was used as the yield criterion for materials .	本文利用两种有限元反应产率条件 , 为材料的产率评价方法 , 提出了基于板体和壳体的经典理论 。
yi xiaozhun said that china maintained good economic and trade relations with malaysia and singapore . the three countries are important trade partners of each other .	姚明说 , 中国保持着马来西亚和新加坡的贸易关系 , 三国都是贸易伙伴的重要贸易伙伴 。
for the occasion , this month's column provides a more indepth description of ibm support assistant in general , including the latest features .	因此 , 这个月的列表提供了更多的ibm支持者 , 包括最新的特点 。
the analysis result shows: 1 favorable cap rock conditions can retard coalbed methane scattering and indirectly restrain methane desorbing ;	分析结果表明:1个可靠的cap岩条件 , 可直接反复涂层甲烷和直接反应甲烷衍生物 ;
pictures taken yesterday shows dozens of pupils jogging and playing badminton inside jiakai sports hall , which is equipped with an airpurifying system .	昨天 , 照片展示了一项空调系统的照片 , 并在jiakaporthall中扮演巴迪顿 , 同时配备了空调系统 。
fig . 5 illustrates an example of a pulse width generator with two alternate delay paths , according to another embodiment of the present invention .	根据发明的另一个实例 , 根据其它发明的另一个实例 , 根据其它发明的另一个实例 。
jinbao street is an avenue created after the destruction of a swathe of alleyways and traditional courtyard housing just east of the wangfujing shopping district .	金宝街是一家商业区东部的东部 , 是一家丰富的合金街道和传统的法院 。
last week , france's national assembly voted to return the mummified heads of 16 maoris from various museums back to their homeland in new zealand .	上周 , 法国的民族成员投票了16名博物馆 , 来自纽西兰各地的16名博物馆 。
china is in favor of setting up a peacebuilding commission to coordinate more effectively un efforts in peacekeeping , postconflict rehabilitation and development .	中国正在建立和平建设委员会 , 更有效地联合和平、后重复发展的努力 。
in this paper to discuss labor relations , labor law that is subject to adjustment of labor relations , should be a specific , narrow sense of labor relations .	本文讨论劳动关系 , 劳动法对劳动关系的调整 , 应该成为劳动关系的特殊性 , 劳动法律 。
“if japanese engineers did it , they would create a japanese product , ” explains hitoshi otsuki , who heads panasonic’s overseas operations .	" 如果日本工程师在日本产品中创造了日本产品 , " 解释 , 巴拿森的超级运作 。
anthocyanins provide the dark colours of many fruits and vegetables , such as blueberries and red peppers . they are what makes black rice 'black' .	亚洲人提供了许多水果和蔬菜 , 比如蓝莓和红椒 , 它们是制造黑稻 " 。
'most earthquakerelated casualties result from collapsing walls , flying glass , and falling objects , ' says the fema web site .	女性网站说 , " 几乎地震动了 , 飞行玻璃 , 降低对象 " 女性网站 。
west of the great dividing range the landscape consists mostly of plains and plateaus ; the macdonnell ranges near the country's center are an exception .	西方大规模的景观形式主要是平原和平原 , 宏观铁在全国的中心是一个扩大 。
a the press of a button , a microcomputer lock all other floors'chute doors and sets the recyclingcontainer turning until the right box comes under the chute .	一个按钮 , 微型计算机锁定所有的地板门 , 设置回收箱 , 直到右键的右键 。
the drought was serious for early rice from early pi to maturity under dry year type , and its strength and duration surpassed that of normal year type .	早期以干燥剂为原料 , 干燥剂的加强和时间保护了正常年类型的早期水稻 。
the grand hotels has the honor to meet with mr . ajoy k misra , senior vice president , sales & marketing of taj hotels resorts and palaces .	爷爷酒店和餐厅的高级副总裁、销售和销售市场销售和销售市场 。
united is pleased to announce it has reached an agreement with partizan belgrade and the players for zoran tosic and adem ljajic to join the club .	联合国宣布 , 参与党比赛的协议和参与党比赛的参赛者 , 参加参加俱乐部 。
when i go across the developing countries and ask myself what is the largest single explanation for the huge diversity of economic performance , it falls in this territory .	当我在发展中国家 , 问自己是经济性能的最大的单一解释 , 它会降低这一变革 。
although a number of projects outerjacketing frame for storeyadding have been accomplished presently , there is little research on design methods for this kind of frame .	尽管在此类框架上完成了很多项目 , 但对于此类框架的设计方法有很少的研究 。
plan 1 is that heating in winter and cooling in summer is realized by gas direct fired lithium bromide absorbent type cool heaters using natural gas for fuel .	计划1是通过天然气气气气气气气气气气气气吸收器实现的温度和冷却器 。
the body position i end up in – with the tennis ball trapped in between my racket and the fence – is very similar to what your contact point will be when you actually serve .	身体位置我最终是在我的比赛中跟踪的 , 我的比赛和你的联系点相似 , 当你们的接触点时 , 这个身体位置非常相似 。
l929 cells were cocultured with the porous chitosan membranes and biocompatible observation was performed with scanning electron microscope .	用扫描电子显微镜对l929细胞进行了研究 , 用扫描电子显微镜进行生物复合观察 。
the spirit of new asia college meant different signification by different period , but qian mu's noble ambition of developing chinese culture was always incarnated in it .	新亚大学的精神意味着不同时期不同的意义 , 但qianmu的诺贝成员总是在发展中国文化的内容 。
ceramides are a type of lipid found in cell membranes , and they also serve as signals in the body's stress response , summers explained .	陶瓷是细胞成员中发现的一种脂肪酸 , 同时也在身体应力响应中作为信号 。
microsoft corp . , for example , has built up its cash levels to $60 . 9 billion , including equity and others investments as of march .	例如 , 微软公司建立其现金水平为60.9亿美元 , 包括平等投资 。
the official jobless rate , which garners the bulk of attention from politicians and the public , was reported on friday to have risen to 9 . 7 percent in august .	据8月份报道 , 官方的工作率 , 收集了政治家和公众的注意力 , 公众周五报道 , 在8月份有9.7% 。
methods preoperative fine needle aspiration biopsy findings were compared with the final pathologic diagnosis of the surgically resected specimen in 241 cases .	方法对241例急性ctctctctctctctctctctctct诊断的临床诊断进行了比较 。
when cave , as a kind of natural geomorphologic landscape , is developed and utilized by human being as a kind of tourism resource , we call it tourism cave .	当时 , 作为一种自然地理景观 , 由人类资源开发和利用 , 我们称为旅游资源 。
angle: it turned green because the soda water contains alkali . things like soda water which can turn the juice into green , are called alkaline matters .	角:它转变绿色 , 因为苏达水含碱 , 就像苏达水 , 可以转变为绿色 , 被称为碱性物质 。
with the development of dance with accompaniment as well as opening of society , permanent theatres came into existence in tang dynasty and perfomances became more frequent .	随着随着社会的发展和开放 , 永久的战争在唐代和永久的现状 , 变得越来越频繁 。
the vehicle frame is the footboard type structure , which is comfortable and convenient in riding and can obviously reduce the labor intensity of riders .	车辆框架是足板结构 , 便于减少了危机的劳动力 , 可显著降低劳动强度 。
and peng changes food to be caused easily full bilge feeling , the influence dines normally , meet what cloggy body pledges to nurture absorb .	彭改变食物会导致良好的感觉 , 影响饮食正常的影响 , 满足博客体吸收者的影响 。
he fled from wenzhou to the united states on september 21 , leaving 1 . 5 billion yuan in debt owed to both chinese banks and individual creditors .	他从温州到9月21日 , 离开了1.5亿元的中国银行和个人信贷者 。
the seismology research centre says the earthquake measured 3 . 8 on the richter scale with an epicenter about 80 kilometers southwest of sydney .	地震学研究中心说 , 地震震震震测量了3.8公里 , 约80公里西南部的80公里 。
when the drone finally pulls away , his barbed penis andabdominal tissues are ripped from his body . he dies shortly thereafter — what abuzz kill .	当司机终于推出时 , 他的芭蕾妮和腹部组织从身体上升 , 他死亡了什么东西 。
the " metalframed composite hoses " are extensively used in industries such as petroleum , chemistry , pharmacy , foodstuff , storage and transportation .	" 金属碎石、化学、食物、存储和运输等 " 是广泛应用的工业 , 如石油、化学、化学、化学、化学、化学、食品等 。
the phrase requiring the programmingtools word set shall be appended to the label of standard programs that require the system to provide the programmingtools word set .	要求编程词集应该适用于标准程序程序程序程序的劳动程序 , 以提供程序词集 。
this course asks fundamental questions like why is the electric charge in nature quantized ? and why can't we find an isolated magnetic north or south pole ?	这个课程要求基本问题 , 如何在自然化的电电荷 ? 为什么我们找不到一个孤独的磁场或南极 ?
a dead turtle floats on a pool of oil from the deepwater horizon spill in barataria bay off the coast of louisiana monday , june , 7 , 2010 .	6月7日 , 6月7日 , 2010年6月7日 , 巴拉里亚湾海岸的深水流动 。
conclusion the level of leukocyte cd18 and mpo increases and the leukocyte count decreases during reperfusion injury of rat island flaps .	结论大鼠急性损伤中大鼠急性cd18和mpoc的水平降低 , 降低大鼠损伤的降低 。
france is expected to pledge 150 gendarmes to head an afghan police training mission , with a further 150 coming from mainly mediterranean countries .	法国的法国总部希望在阿富汗警察培训中获得150名糖果警察训练 , 进一步从中方国家 。
we hold that the implementation of omc is a realistic choice of eu , though not enough to help eu to achieve health care integration in the end for its own weaknesses .	我们坚持omc实施是一个真正的选择 , 尽管不足以帮助欧洲实施健康综合 , 为自己的弱点 。
this article consists of five chapters: chapter one and two introduce the basic information of vor , including the source , definition , basic theory and value .	本文包括源、定义、基本理论和价值的基本信息 , 包括源、定义、基本理论和价值 。
but the sun is on our backs . with limited time to wander , why trail down to the grotto when we can see it , all mystery preserved , from the ramparts of the basilica ?	但是太阳在我们的背景下 , 为什么我们可以看到的时候 , 所有神秘保护 , 从基础上来看 , 为什么我们能有限的时间 ?
during 10 years since rgs come into being , it has bred about 10 high yield , high quality rice varieties , brought hugely contribution to jilin province .	在10年以来 , 由于rgs的rg来说 , 它有大约10%的产量 , 高质量丰富 , 带来了巨大的贡献 。
check classified ads , both in print and online , to see what's available and what the going rate is in a particular neighborhood . get the earliest edition you can .	检查分类的ds , 在线印刷和网上 , 寻找特别邻居 , 最早的版本 , 获得最早的版本 。
in a unique aviation experiment recently , the 170seat boeing 727 was made to crash in a controlled manner in a remote part of mexico's sonoran desert .	近年来 , 172777年来 , 在墨西哥的南部部部部部部部部部部部部部部部部部部部部的控制人员 。
i tell jurors at the very beginning of a trial that the freedom we usually have to jump to conclusions in everyday life is , for the purpose of this trial , now suspended .	我在试验中告诉判官 , 我们通常必须在每天生活中跳跳跳跳跳跳跳跳跳跳跳 , 为了这次试验 , 现在仍然停止 。
this indeed is the one that i inscribe here as a balance to what is involved in meaning , it is the locus of that which , through the parlêtre , is designated in conscience as power .	这是我在这里描述的一个平衡 , 在意义上 , 它是通过公园设计的损失 , 通过设计的方式设计的 。
this paper builds the multiple scattering model of imaging in fog and presents the algorithm of fog water content measure based on images blur degree .	本文建立了基于图像bl程度的多分散模型 , 提出了基于图像bl程度的fog含量算法 。
the silkworm , bombyx mori , as a completely domesticated insect with good breeding and genetic system , has been considered as an ideal model for lepidoptera .	这些银杏 , 作为一种完整的国内昆虫和遗传系统 , 被认为是一种理想的模型 。
i fly the aircraft back down to the 1 , 500foot line at 500 feet and modify my airspeed to get at show center for the pullup . i level off at about 500 feet .	我飞机回到100英尺 , 500英尺的飞机 , 修改我的空气 , 为puup提供500英尺 。 我离开了500英尺 。
many have cautioned investors not to make rash decisions , such as liquidating all their lowrisk government bonds in order to sniff the green paper bill for just a minute .	许多投资者不要让投资者 , 比如他们的低级政府债券 , 为了保证绿色纸亿只是一分钟 。
in his youth , lawrence kessenich often clashed with his father over politics and religion , but he also admired his dad’s commitment to helping the poor and homeless .	在他的年轻人 , 律师肯尼通常在政治和宗教的父亲 , 但他也承认他的爸的承诺帮助贫穷和家庭 。
arsenal can take positives from the result and most of the performance , city can take heart from the fact that even with 10 men they gave us a game until the second goal went in .	阿森森纳可以从结果和大多数的性能中获得积极性能 , 甚至有10名男子 , 直到第二个目标 。
what should we call these iphonelike , touch screen wifi phones with music and video , real web browsers , email , sensors , and , above all , app stores ?	我们应该调用这些电话 , 触摸屏幕电话和视频 , 真正的浏览器 , 传感器 , 上面 , 应用程序 ?
results the automatically rotating km—5000d microkeratome system comprised three parts: microcut system , double electronic dynamic device and control panel .	结果自动旋转km-5000d微kerame系统组成三部分:微ut系统 , 双电子动态设备和控制页面 。
impressed by the official's work , the gates foundation decided to adopt her model of prevention and outreach and replicate it in major cities across 12 provinces .	由官方工作的印象 , 盖茨基金决定采用预防的模型 , 并在12省重复复复制它的主要城市 。
despite u . s . misgivings , britainsaid earlier this month it would join the aiib . france , germany and italy quicklyfollowed .	尽管今月早些时候 , 英国人在法国、德国和意大利加盟 。
but on the other hand , with the increase of the intrafirm trade and intraindustry trade , which is brought by multinational companies , the fdi has a positive effect on trade .	但是在其它方面 , 随着跨国公司的贸易和内部贸易的增加 , 国内贸易的增加 , fdi对贸易有很好的影响 。
interactive charts will show investors how their risk exposure changes when they buy more microsoft options , or hold fewer chinese stocks , or short the price of oil .	互动的图案将展示他们的风险暴露 , 当他们购买更多的微软选项时 , 还有一些中国股票 , 或短期油价 。
they and their patients have been very worried about the cardiovascular safety of rosiglitazone due to the meta analysis paper from new england journal of medicine .	由于新英格兰新闻报道 , 他们的患者已经担心了罗马斯坦酮的心血管安全性 。
a few insect species including beetles and katydids actively bleed when attacked , but the benefits of taking such extreme measures were not clear .	在攻击时 , 一些昆虫物种包括beet和katyid活跃的床床 , 但对这种极端的措施不清楚 。
infrared searching and tracking systems find wide use in military and civil applications . airborne irst systems are described , and its application examples are introduced .	介绍了大脑搜索和跟踪系统在军事和民事应用方面的广泛应用 。
the gravel , grave cement and concrete thickness are given for reference only ; the final thickness will be accurately calculated according to chinese regulation .	根据中国规则 , 根据中国规则 , 给出了灰色、灰色的厚度和混凝土厚度 。
energy prices eased a bit tuesday , with oil hovering around$134 . 01 a barrel and gas prices at $4 . 078 a gallon .	周二 , 能源价格轻松 , 随着134.01美元的油价和气价在4.078美元 。
even though its owners lacked all six required licenses , it operated on state property in full view of a stateowned mine for more than three years , the official said .	官员说 , 尽管它的主人缺少了六个要求的许可 , 但在全国性能的视野中运行了三年的国家性能 。
for average people in china , they hope to find something from those countries that we can learn from , meanwhile intimidated by the potential despise or discrimination we might get in reward .	对于中国的平均人来说 , 他们希望从这些国家学到一些东西 , 我们可以学到 , 同时通过潜在的决策或歧视我们可能会获得奖励 。
medvedev people in more than she had in mind the same year 1909 , the washington state governor to respond to announce the third sunday in june as father's day .	1909年 , 华盛顿州政府宣布第三星期日宣布 , 华盛顿国务院 。
a report by the world's leading international health organizations today calls for joint action to accelerate the development and licensing of a highly effective malaria vaccine .	据世界领导国际卫生组织的报告称 , 加入行动 , 加快高效疟疾疫苗的发展和开发 , 提供了高效疟疾疫苗的报告 。
the building faces south to capture the best views and has sweeping terraces that overhang by 2 . 5 metres to prevent glare into the rooms below .	建筑面临最好的观点 , 拥有2.5米 , 防止玻璃进入房间 。
designing your threadsafe class in this fashion allows it to be used in a multithreaded application as easily as a nonthreadsafe class , but with a higher level of safety .	设计您的线程安全课程 , 允许在多线程应用程序中使用 , 作为非线程安全级别 , 但具有较高的安全性 。
productivity in the united states has fluctuated widely in recent decades . from 1979 to 1990 , u . s . productivity grew by a slow 1 . 4% annually .	美国最近几十年的生产力越来越广泛 , 从1979年到1990年 , 美国生产力增长了1.4% 。
but the researchers suggest that if the weakening trend continues , there could be more severe cyclones , even during the summer monsoon months of june to september .	但是 , 研究人员认为 , 如果危险的趋势继续 , 即使在夏季夏季夏季的夏季月里 , 即使在6月就会更加严重的循环 。
moreover , this paper takes an example of the renewal and transformation of haohe in nantong , analyzing the experience from the investigation about background and course of it .	另外 , 本文从研究背景的背景和课程的研究 , 分析了该课程的再生变形和转变的实例 。
however , the compressed air pass the same large area of laval nozzle in the traditional vacuum ejector all through the working process , so its large shortcoming is high compressed air consumption .	然而 , 传统汽车注射过程中 , 压缩空气在传统汽车注射器的大型地区 , 因此它的大型短缺是高压的空气消耗 。
democrats such as mr . hoyer blame the deficit largely on the bush administration , which inherited budget surpluses , but left office with deficits .	民主党 , 比如霍尔先生 , 大量在布什管理中发挥了预算 , 但左右的办公 。
in addition to the sparql endpoints that appear on the public internet , others are appearing behind firewalls to ease crosssilo querying of enterprise data .	另外 , 在公众互联网上 , 另外 , 其他人在火墙上出现 , 易交叉查询企业数据 。
cherie blair , the wife of prime minister tony blair , posed nude for a painting when she was a trainee lawyer in her mid20s , the times reported .	据《时报》报道 , 切丽·布莱尔的妻子 , 当她是一名训练法律师 , 她在20岁时报道 。
neither fighter has ever appeared out of shape or drastically ran out of gas during a distance fight , but both tend to fade a bit over the second half of a 12round bout .	在距离战争期间 , 战斗者从未出现的形状或沿着气体排出 , 但两者都会在第二半的左右 。
the results can be shown by numerical value and by graphic in the developed software that make it be seen directly . besides , the working interface is easy for workers to use .	结果可以通过数值和图形表示 , 直接看到的软件 , 另外 , 工作界面容易使用 。
you can now adjust your websphere integration developer authentication to use your administrator user , leaving the wpsserver id for use only by your server process .	您现在可以调整您的websphere集成开发商 , 以便使用您的管理器用户 , 留下wpserverid 。
although figure 5 shows an mvclike model as an example , you can apply the basic principles of the rich web application backplane to any model and page design methodology .	虽然图5显示了mvclike模型 , 但可以应用丰富的web应用背景和页面设计方法的基本原理 。
the new economic realities may lead to flat matchday revenues . while attendances continue to hold up well , many clubs have frozen or reduced ticket prices .	新经济现实可能导致flat匹配的收入 , 而很多俱乐部仍然持续良好 , 减少股票价格 。
on tv , a news reporter states that the vice president has the largest campaign war chest in history and is therefore the oddson favorite to win her party’s nomination .	在电视台上 , 一个新闻记者说 , 维尔总统在历史上最大的战争切片 , 因此 , 奥德森最喜欢赢得她的党主席 。
based on the bidirectional properties of semiconductor cooler , we designed a bidirectional active highaccurated temperature controller , with broad working range .	基于半导体冷却器的双向性能 , 设计了一种高精确的高精度高精度的高精度控制器 , 具有广泛的工作范围 。
although the ford fseries was the number one best selling vehicle in the us last year , there were six foreign owned models in the top ten list in 2010 .	尽管在去年美国的最好销售汽车 , 但在2010年的顶级车辆上有6个外国模型 。
occasionally , a follicle doesn't open to release the egg or recloses after releasing the egg and swells with fluid , forming an ovarian cyst .	巧克力地说 , 一个愚蠢不开放卵子或者在释放卵子和甜蜜 , 形成卵巢 。
'we are not receiving special treatment ; we compete for business just like every other company , ' the fairfield , conn . , conglomerate said recently on its website .	" 我们并不接受特殊的治疗 , 我们就像其他公司一样 , " 联合国 , " 联合国最近在网站上说 。
he faces an investigation in france about allegations he sexually attacked a young novelist in 2003 , and a civil suit in new york by ms . diallo .	他面对法国的调查 , 他在2003年攻击了一名年轻小说 , 并在纽约市民的纽约 。
results show that the thermal comfort of combined system is the best , and the risk of condensation is lower than that when chilled ceiling panel operates individually .	结果表明 , 结合系统的热舒适性较好 , 结合系统的风险比随着设备平板运行的时候 , 结合系统的热舒适性较低 。
at worst , he and his wife would earn about 600 yuan a month ; at the busiest times , when production ran until 2am , they could take home 2 , 100 yuan each .	在最糟糕的时候 , 他和他的妻子都会赚到600元元 ; 在忙碌的时候 , 直到2点 , 它们可以回家2 , 100元 。
i could throw a few words at you supporting , sharing dreams and aspirations , confiding , loving , compromising but these are just words unless you act upon them .	我可以在你支持、共享梦想、配置、失去、复杂的话 , 除非你对他们的行动 。
napolitano's comments came days after a nigerian man was arrested for igniting a small explosion on a northwest airline flight bound for detroit friday .	纳波塔诺的评论日子在北航班周五被逮捕了一个小爆炸事件 。
our production team had tried many kinds of " idol " style selection shows in the past , " said jin , who was previously bestknown for his 2007 show " my hero " .	我们的生产团队已经尝试了很多 " idol " 选项显示 , " 金金说 , 前来最好的知识为 " 2007年展示了 " 我的英雄 " 。
" we view them as very similar things , " says erik , a 28yearold assistant professor , referring to math and art . " they're both creative processes .	" 我们看到他们是相似的事情 , " 埃里克说 , 一位28岁的助理教授 , 指导他们的数学和艺术 , " 他们都是创造性的过程 。
mr . noda's move raised speculation that he may be trying to show opposition members he is serious about cooperating with them in shaping budget and tax policies .	诺达先生的移动规定 , 他可能试图展示反对成员 , 他与他们共享预算和税务政策相关的合作伙伴 。
a taper company sends me the sample by there a/c . i did't like the sample then i send the sample to that company by my a/c and he made the same one . now we are doing great business .	一家专家公司发送了一个/c的样本 , 我不喜欢在我的a/c发送样品 , 现在我们正在做好很好的业务 。
to study relations between rrti and blood zinc value of children , blood zinc value of 35 cases of rrti were compared with that of 40 cases of no rrti .	比较35例患者血液zinc值和血液锌值的关系 , 比较了40例患者的40例 。
however , after choosing it , the subject would find a silver lining: " with a broken leg , i will be able to lie in bed watching tv , guiltfree .	然而 , 在选择它之后 , 主题会找到一个银子清单: " 我可以在床观看电视 , 猜测自由 。
in this paper , ningbo is used as an object , and detail investigation and re search on present situation of science and technology resources have been done on it .	本文利用宁波作为对象 , 并对科技资源的现状和技术资源进行了详细的研究和探索 。
where the losses in a traffic accident are caused intentionally by the driver of a nonmotor vehicle or a pedestrian , the driver of the motor vehicle shall not bear liability .	交通事故发生的损失 , 由非摩托车驱动机驱动机驱动机驱动机驱动机驱动的驱动 , 运动车辆驱动机驾驶不能承担责任 。
" cashforclunkers " programmes whereby governments subsidise the purchase of a new vehicle to replace old energyinefficient vehicles have been widely used .	" 现金链接商 " 计划 , 广泛应用 。
this paper deals with the threshold condition of double resonance parametric oscillation when the absorption coefficient of the signal light is different from that of the idling light .	介绍了双共振振振动的阈值条件 , 当信号光的吸收系数不同 , 差异 。
twentyfive years ago , for a chinese person to visit a foreign country or even to visit hong kong , part of our own country , it was very difficult or almost impossible .	二十五年前 , 中国人参观一个外国 , 甚至访问香港 , 我们的一部分都很难或几乎不可能 。
supporters prepare a huge inflatable figure of venezuela's president hugo chavez outside the national assembly building in caracas august 15 , 2007 .	2007年8月15日 , 支持者制备了一个巨大的投资图案 。
the influence of the ratio of alg , w component and porosity upon the resistivity of ag w electro contact material were examined by the computer simulation approach .	通过计算机模拟方法对alg、ag电池电阻性能的影响进行了研究 。
it is possessed of delicate and symmetrical appearance and accords with the conventions of chinese traditional decoration and aesthetics , therefore , it is named chinese knot .	根据中国传统装饰与美学的传统装饰和美学的传统装饰的传统 , 因此 , 是中国不肯定的 。
traffic was snarled in cities from los angeles to washington , d . c . , as antiwar protesters blocked off major intersections , some chaining themselves together .	交通在华盛顿 , 作为反war保护者 , 一些链接自己 。
as a communication interface of a downhole instrument composed of multicomputers , it exchanges commands and data with the data acquisition system through asynchronous serial port .	随着数据采集系统的数据采集系统的数据采集系统和数据采集系统 , 随着同步连续运行的数据采集系统交流 。
on the other side , the request of microwave communicating system becomes more and more critical to the performance of microwave passive device including coupler , splitter .	在其它方面 , 微波通信系统的请求越来越多 , 更关键于微波传输设备的性能 。
in xun zi's view of history , the relationship between the saint and the tao not only has logical consistency , but also has a rich and diverse relationships in different historical periods .	在徐庄的历史观点 , 盐与太阳之间的关系不仅具有逻辑性 , 也具有丰富、多样性关系 。
this allows chiquita to deliver bananas with the colors requested by the customers , which falls anywhere on a ninepoint scale ranging from green to deep yellow .	这允许芝加安静地转换巴纳 , 用户请求的客户 , 这些地方降低了从绿色深入的黄色 。
here , on a site once meant for processing spent nuclear fuel rods , an unusual textiles factory is setting up shop to serve the auto body construction industry .	在这里 , 一旦加工蜘蛛核燃料辊 , 一个不常用的纺织工厂 , 设置自动体工业 。
a high degree of reproducibility was also demonstrated . the tcb is a noninvasive , simple and convenient monitoring and screening device for neonatal jaundice .	介绍了一种高度的可靠性 , tcb是一种非隐蔽、简便的监测和筛选设备 。
a thousand feet underground , the cave of crystals is just one of a series of glittering caverns beneath the chihuahuan desert's naica mountain .	数千英尺的地下 , 晶体的洞穴只是一系列玻璃山之一 。
the kopeck weary performance mainly manifests in the hit probability , before already carried on season in the middle of match kopeck shooting average only then pitiful 36% .	在赛季中赛季赛季赛季中赛季中赛季赛季中赛季赛季赛季赛季赛季赛季赛季赛季赛季赛季的比赛中 , 手术性能主要为36% 。
since minimal invasive surgery is still “major” surgery , all the usual complications such as heart attack , stroke and even death are rare but possible .	由于最小的手术仍然是 " 主要 " 手术 , 例如心脏病、死亡 , 甚至死亡也很少 。
jianjiang , shexian county native during the late ming and early qing dynasties , whose buddhist name is hongren , was a pioneer of xin'an art school .	在明代初期的清代 , 佛教名字是香港 , 是新疆艺术学校的一名新疆民族 。
the intellectualized thermoregulation principle of wool fabric finished by nanomicrocapsule is analyzed . the ideal heatabsorbing model is built .	建立了纳米卡普尔自然建立的木材料的智能调控原理 , 建立了理想的热吸附模型 。
scientific , procedure , computery , system management , corrective as always and set up the best products for our goal . fulfil the quality procedure to satisfy customers .	科学、程序、计算机、系统管理 , 正确的是我们目标的最佳产品 , 完成了满足客户的质量程序 。
sanshandao gold mine is the first hard rock mine carrying out undersea mining in china , which adopts the mechanical upward horizontal slice stopingfilling method with pointed pillars .	三山金矿是我国第一次艰难矿床 , 采用机械上升水平钻井方法 , 采用指标钻井 。
all values in a specific column of a database table are encrypted with the same password provided by the user , the same encryption algorithm , and the same cipher mode .	在数据库表中的所有值 , 通过用户 , 同样加密算法 , 同样加密算法 , 同样的平板模式 。
pickled the movie , a surf flick by billabong usa featuring 8 worldclass surfers , 8 exotic countries , 1 total wannabe and a jar of pickles .	拍摄影片 , 由巴布美国拍卖8个世界玻璃国家 , 8个外交国家 , 总有wannabe和jarck 。
inverse archshaped bending of curved forms , ridged rear driving cabins on a slightly convex , continuous glass packaging and elegant surrounding the...	同时 , 弯曲形式的弯曲弯曲弯曲弯曲 , 轻松的钻孔 , 连续玻璃包装和优雅的环境 。
in this article , the progress of precoated steel for household appliance at baosteel is described . the quality , varieties and problems in the production are also mentioned with suggestions .	本文介绍了竹材材料的制备钢的前景 , 介绍了生产质量、品质、各种问题及问题 。
futurism , an early twentiethcentury movement in craft , rejected entire institutions and tried to exalt contemporary life by emphasizing the machine and film .	自由主义 , 一个早期的二十世纪的运动 , 反映整个机构 , 并试图通过重视机器和电影的现代生活 。
former ministry of labor , " the labor contract system off and notice a number of issues , " the fifth requirement: " the labor contract may provide for the effective time of the contract .	劳动合同制度的前部长 , " 劳动合同制度办公室 , " 第五条要求: " 劳动合同可能为合同提供有效的时间 。
mainly used in communications products , personal digital assistant , watches clocks , all kinds of instruments , office machinery , computer , car audio electric toy products .	主要用于通信产品、个人数字辅助 , 各类工具、办公机、汽车电机、汽车电机、汽车电机、汽车电玩具等 。
its original meaning is that the fox borrows the tiger's ferocity to bluster other animals . its extended meaning is to bully people by virtue of somebody's influence .	其原来的意义是 , fox借鉴了其他动物 , 它的意义是由一些人影响的影响而引起人们的意义 。
objective to investigate the heartprotective effects of compound chinese medicine of tianma gouteng prescription on renal hypertensive rats and to explore its mechanism .	目的探讨高血压综合医学综合保护作用 , 探讨其机制 。
dedicated hydroelectric projects are often built to provide the substantial amounts of electricity needed for aluminium electrolytic plants , for example .	例如 , 水电工程通常建立了铝电解工程 , 为铝电解厂提供潜在的电量 。
it is the type of wood used to smoke the tobacco leaves and the amount of smoke exposure that gives firecured tobacco leaves their distinctive flavours .	这是木材用来吸烟烟烟烟草叶和烟雾排放量的烟雾 , 给出了防止烟雾 。
among all the modules , we focus on the design of indexer and searcher based on the multilevel partitioning strategy , a novel index partition strategy proposed by us .	基于多层分区策略的设计 , 提出了一种新的指标分区策略 。
objective:to study the effects of masticatory movements on the functional activity of brain by comparing the blood flow change before and after rpd restoration of freeend edentia .	目的:探讨大脑血流变化的作用 , 比较血流改变后血流变的疗效 。
the stability and global convergence properties analysis of the multivariable generalized predictive poleassignment selftuning control recursive algorithm is presented .	提出了多变量预测算法的稳定性和全球变换性能分析 。
the invention relates to a method for manufacturing a flatplate heat tube . the method comprises the following steps: providing an upper cover plate and a lower cover plate ;	本发明涉及一种制造一种平板热管的方法 , 包括下步骤:提供上覆板和低覆板 ;
the main buildings in that temple are then daxiong hall , the sutra hall , the clock tower , the in script ion " midnight bells " , the first floor of maple river .	这个寺庙的主要建筑物是大厦厅 , 顶顶楼 , 山顶 " 中午夜 " 的第一层地板河 。
since asphaltic concrete materials are temperature dependent in nature , measured deflections and hence the structural capacity of pavement vary with temperature .	由于物理混凝土材料的温度依赖于自然 , 测量了旅游变量的结构能力 。
in 1995 wu li took the strategic goal of shanghai in terms of domestic and international status and role as the basis for devising the rational size of population .	1995年 , 吴先生在国内和国际地位的战略目标和角色 , 作为人口理性大小的基础 。
the fatty secamines can be directly prepared by the catalytic hydrogenation of the fatty nitriles , using ammonia synthesis gas instead of pure hydrogen .	用蒙古合成液合成法制备脂肪氮的催化剂 , 可直接制备脂肪酸盐 。
also the scholar thinks: itch becoming aware basically is by cuticular derma of the boundary sensory experience with place of shallowlayer skin clump conduct .	同时 , 学者思考:教会成功 , 是由黄色皮肤染色体验的基本性的 。
eventually , the system could use software or hardware to deal with emergencies such as giving an alarm for abnormity , poweroff , stopping charging and stopping discharging and so on .	最后 , 系统可以使用软件或硬件处理 , 例如给出一种阻力、阻止电源、停止电源、停止输出等 。
taxation is a significant means for accommodating economics , and the arrangement of the tax system and tax administration can influence the development of nonstate enterprises greatly .	税务是影响税务制度的重要手段 , 税收制度和税务管理的安排 , 影响非稳定企业的发展 。
if the ribbon was severed , the top would burn up in the atmosphere , and the bottom would flutter to the ground " with the force of a sheet of paper , " according to liftport .	根据liftport说: " 根据说 , 根据这篇论文的力量 , 根据说 , 这个问题将会产生 。 "
the demonstrations come a day before the centreright coalition of chancellor angela merkel is due to discuss the date when germany's nuclear reactors will finally be shut down .	由于德国核反应器最终将讨论 , 德国核反应器的核反应器将会降低 。
applying the theory of metaphors , familybased moral systems and contemporary american politics to the study of presidential campaign speeches entails dual meanings .	应用隐喻理论 , 家庭道德体系和当代美国政治学研究总统奥运会的研究 。
insiders pointed out that the two companies will now be entertainment devices sold at much lower profit , expect this market share , and rely on the application of highprofit game to get the benefits .	艾滋病人指出 , 两家公司将在低利润下销售 , 预计该市场股份依赖于高效游戏的应用 。
dengue , for example , has notoriously emerged as one of the fastest growing disease burdens in the world ; today , cases are reported in many regions formerly free of the disease .	例如 , 随着世界上最快的生长疾病之一 , 今天 , 患者报告了许多地区疾病 。
less than 70% of those with concerns about their periods have ever spoken to a gp , a survey of 600 women aged 1645 for the haemophilia society says .	哈莫利亚社会的调查显示 , 超过70%的关注时期 , 一个调查的600名妇女1645岁的调查显示 。
or , you might encounter the task of transforming xml data into xhtml to deliver an attractive , interactive , and usable interface for mobile users and various web browsers .	另外 , 您可以将xhtml数据转换为xhtml , 交互性 , 可用于移动用户和各种web浏览器 。
like a savvy career counselor or financial planner , the right advisor can help you build a solid foundation as well as steer you through choppy waters once you open your doors .	就像一名保守员或金融计划人员 , 正确的顾问可以帮助您建立一个固体基础 , 通过你开门 。
" i'd like present you orion . " the orion , billed as the next generation of manned spacecraft , has been de scribed by some nasa engineers as " apollo on steroids " .	" 我喜欢给你说 , " 奥运会 , 作为曼联太空飞机的下一代 , 被一些航天工程师描述为 " 蒸汽机 " 。
working into the wee hours totally disrupts worklife balance , causes you to miss out on time with loved ones , and more often than not , leads you to lose precious hours of sleep .	进入西方小时的工作平衡 , 导致你在爱人的时候失去 , 越来越多 , 导致你失去的睡眠 。
in kurdish legend , the holiday celebrates the deliverance of the kurds from a tyrant , and it is seen as another way of demonstrating support for the kurdish cause .	在kurdish传说中 , 假期庆祝了从类型的刀子的转换 , 看作另一方面的支持 。
firstclass passengers get directv for the same price as a glass of champagne — for free — and coach passengers pay $6 to go channel surfing .	首先 , 乘客在同样价格上直接直接直接 , 为自由贸易者提供6美元的通道 。
considering chinese labor is up to 3times more expensive now than places like vietnam , why aren't we making an effort to manufacture in those cheaper countries if we have too ?	考虑中国劳动比越来越多的地方 , 为什么我们对那些廉价国家做出努力的努力呢 ?
on the other hand , the suitable reinforced method is selected in comparison with various reinforcement schemes such as injection root pile , nonskid pile , anchor bar and so on .	另一方面 , 选择了适合加强方法 , 比较不同的加强方案 , 例如注射根、非kid管、锚杆、锚杆等 。
“the current mood is that his resignation is likely to be accepted but no decision has been made yet , ” an official at the presidential blue house told the financial times .	" 目前的情绪可能是接受的 , 但没有决定 , " 总统蓝宫官员布鲁斯告诉金融时报道 。
in this paper , multiscale wavelet decomposition and susan operator are synthetically used in image processing , then the locations of feature points are rapidly acquired .	综合利用图像处理的多功能波分解和san操作器合成 , 然后对特点的位置进行了快速采取 。
one " bad apple " can spread negative behavior like a virus to bring down officemates or destroy a good team , according to a new study examining conflict in the workplace .	据一项新的研究 , 根据一项新的研究对象 , 一个 " 坏苹果 " 可以扩展负面行为 , 比如一个病毒 , 或摧毁一个良好的团队 。
" it's all about the product development capability , " yoshikazu tanaka , chief executive officer of japan's no . 3 social networking operator , gree inc (	" 产品开发能力 , " 日本的首席执行官jo.3社会网络运营商 , 希腊人 " 。
she also sent photographs of the orphanage and told me about the caregivers , or “mommas , ” as they were called—most of them youngish haitian women with families of their own .	她还送照片 , 告诉我关于职业者 , 或者 " 妈妈 " 的照片 , 因为他们被称为年轻的习惯家庭的年轻女性 。
and here i want to warn all my relatives and people close to me that these services will use all means to trap and try to kill and liquidate me either physically , socially or professionally .	这里我想要告诉我所有的关系和人们关闭我 , 这些服务都会使用所有的手段 , 并试图杀死和液体 , 社会或专业的 。
but attention soon shifted away from the rainforest to issues like climate change and organic agriculture , and now the amazon is disappearing at about the same rate it was in the 1980s .	然而 , 在1980年代 , 随着气候变化和有机农业 , 目前 , 亚马逊正在失望相同的速率 。
the company says it was able to raise such a large round because programmable logic device chips are the most profitable sector in the semiconductor market , with gross margins of 65 percent .	本公司称 , 由于可编程逻辑设备芯片是半导体市场中最有利于65% 。
article 14 the government may require a communications enterprise to take necessary emergency measures for the public interest in the event of natural disasters or emergencies .	第14条政府可能需要交流企业 , 为自然灾害或紧急事件提供必要的紧急措施 。
instead , he focused on what the company already allows users to do on musician pages on the site via music player applications and the like , many of which come from thirdparty developers .	相反 , 他关注了公司已经允许用户在音乐播放器应用程序和第三方开发者做的音乐家页面 。
mr . liu found fulltime work as a laborer ; his wife took a part time job and watched over the family’s two children , a daughter and their young son liu jingjun .	刘先生发现了一名劳动员 , 他的妻子在家庭两个孩子、女儿和孩子刘江 。
senior lieutenant colonel tran thanh hang , who is responsible for receiving war memorabilia donated to the museum , said as yet , no one knows who le d . tuan was .	高级linnel比杭 , 他负责接受战争记忆捐给博物馆 , 没有人知道d.tuan是谁 。
having one global file to update means less of a headache , just remember to update it when you add or delete a user , then push it out to all boxes again via scp .	有一个全球文件的更新意味着头痛 , 只要记住在添加或删除用户时 , 然后把它放到所有盒子 。
based on the keywords our clients suggested to us , we bought up several keywordrich urls , for anywhere from $100 to $4 , 000 per url .	根据我们的关键词 , 我们购买了几个关键词url , 在任何地方每桶100美元 。
we have discussed how the custom administrative client receives information from the websphere environment , but how does it in turn push the information to the monitoring tools ?	我们讨论了如何从websphere环境中获得信息 , 但如何在转变监控工具的信息 ?
emphases of the paper are on constructing a reasonable data structure and realizing the basic function of solid modeling such as rotation , zoom , pan and section view . etc .	本文重点建立了一种合理的数据结构和实现固体模型的基本功能 , 例如旋转、平面和部分视图等基本功能 。
phyllis ring , 81 , of fort collins , colorado , watched the speech from her wheelchair in the end zone of denver's invesco football stadium .	哲学环境 , 81岁 , 科罗拉多 , 看她在丹麦的投资领域的演讲 。
one development that wolfram is especially excited about is using wolfram alpha's ability to understand and compute natural language queries in order to create mathematica programs .	为了创建数学计划的数学课题 , 女性语言质量特别是使用女性allfram的能力来理解和计算机语言质量的能力 。
elisa is a young married lady working on an isolated farm and proud of her skills in growing flowers . one day , she suddenly feels a desire to communicate with .	伊丽莎是一位年轻的婚姻的农场和她的技能 , 一天 , 她突然感觉到一个交流的交流 。
volunteer mentors are expected to spend 6090 minutes a week helping newcomers on work culture , contacts , writing applications and learning about professional associations .	志愿者希望花费6090分钟帮助新闻文化、接触应用和学习专业协会 。
it has mobilized 11 air force planes , four navy vessels with divers and a tanker for the retrieval operation that jobim said was being carried out in a 120mile radius .	它已经运用了111空军计划 , 四艘航空船和一名航空员 , 工作人员称 , 在120英里航行中 , 正在运行 。
caracas , venezuela – a plane carrying 51 people crashed monday in eastern venezuela , and officials said 33 survived while at least 14 were killed .	据官员说 , 在东部1月1日 , 一个计划在东部的51人在星期一举行了51人 , 并官员称 , 至少有14人死亡 。
a breakdown of the numbers by country reveals authorities are seeking 7590 chinese , 5050 americans , 4020 malaysians and 3470 british .	美国人 , 美国人和3470名英国 , 美国人在寻找7590名美国人、40名美国人、40名马来西亚人和3470名英国 。
good looks can slay a woman's chances of snaring jobs considered " manly , " along to a learn along the university of colorado denver business school .	好莱坞大学的哥伦多商学院的学习机会 , 看着女性的工作机会 。
andrea pirlo had an early freekick charged down by the defensive wall while clarence seedorf and cresp both had halfchances as sampdoria massed in defence .	海盗早期的自由kikick被防御墙和carsseseorf和csp两者都有一半机会 。
the human infections of diphyllobothrium latum , toxocara canis , and triodontophorus minor discovered by lin from beijing were the first records in the country .	北京第一次记录 , 北京第一次记录中 , 北京第一次记录 。
britain's prince william will marry his longtime girlfriend kate middleton in 2012 , on the eve of the london olympics , the news of the world reported sunday .	2012年 , 在伦敦奥运会的时候 , 英国王子威廉将在伦敦奥运会的时候结婚他的女朋友凯德尔顿 , 在伦敦奥运会上报道 。
when a user's mail file is set to use the inotes6 . ntf template , it inherits all the design elements in this template and also inherits the reference to the shared forms file .	当用户的邮件设置使用inots6.ntf模板时 , 它将所有的设计元素 , 另外还会引起共享文件的参考 。
however , phenolic plastic prepared with twostep method is mostly cured with htma and this curing process will release ammonia from htma , which will corrode the copper or brass parts .	然而 , 采用htma和此曲线 , 将释放铜或铜或大脑的塑料制备 。
clapper rails in particular are highly dependent on the marshes—including fiddler crabs , a dietary staple—and they'll have nowhere to go if the oil arrives .	特别是 , 特别是石油到达的时候 , 包括火车 , 饮食阶段 , 它们将在这里去 。
“the government says everything is fine , ” said aleksandra volgina , 31 , the leader of candle , a russian aids organization based in st . petersburg .	" 政府说 , 所有的事情都是很好的 , " aleksandandra志愿者 , 31岁 , 俄罗斯援助组织的领导人阿尔斯·艾滋病组织 。
“we have discovered that no class of drugs had been spared , ” said aline plançon , the head of interpol’s counterfeit drug department . “it’s not just primary medicines .	" 我们发现 , 没有药物被蜘蛛 , " 艾伦说 , 互联药部门的头部 , " 这并不仅是主要药物 。 "
the mycelium biomass of trichoderma koniggi tr6 and saccharomyces cerevisiae cb2 were found to has a good linear relation with the content of ergosterine .	研究结果表明 , 三氯母cr6和scharcevisvicesviceiacb2具有良好的线性关系 。
to determine the rate of cd4 testing completion , we reviewed the records of all clinic patients who tested positive for hiv between january 2008 and february 2009 .	为了确定cd4测试成分 , 综述了2008年1月份试验的所有临床病人的记录 。
taking an accurate census in china is a difficult task with the millions of migrant workers who've left their official addresses in the countryside for opportunities in the cities .	中国的准确的cens是一个很难的任务 , 他们在城市的正式地址中留下了数百万的迁移工人 。
based on the communication control system of metro vehicles in shenzhen metro phase 1 , this paper presents the realization principle and the application method in actual operation of trb mode .	针对深圳电子车辆交通控制系统的通信控制系统 , 提出了实际运行原理和应用方法 。
the improved malachite green method utilizes the malachite green dye and molybdate , which forms a stable colored complex specifically with inorganic phosphate .	采用有机磷 , 制备了一种稳定的色谱法 , 形成了有机磷的有机磷 。
the total length of 80page paper , over 120 doctorate awarded by the school committee determined to be plagiarism , twothirds did not indicate the bibliography .	学校委员会的总长达80页纸 , 指出了120名医生的医生 , 两分之三没有指出生物学 。
children fathered by older men are likely to be less intelligent than the offspring of younger dads , australian and us scientists have found in a report published yesterday .	昨天 , 澳大利亚和美国科学家们在报告中发现 , 孩子们比年轻的大坝、澳大利亚和美国科学家们的智慧更少 。
apply the established evaluation criteria number system to research the ride feature of wmtc test cycle and the difference with ftp , ece etc emission test cycle .	应用wmtc测试周期和eces等试验周期差异 , 研究了wmtc测试周期的危险特征 。
eileen chang' s original is possessed of female narrative , it is decided by the writer' s sex and demonstrates that female deconstruct masculinist .	《女性叙事》的《女性叙事》 , 由《女性》的性和展示女性恶性恶性》 。
the mechanism , parameter design and application of a new type of high frequency electromagnetic antiscaling equipment based on frequency scanning technique are discussed .	介绍了一种基于频率扫描技术的高频电磁抗磁设备的机理、参数设计和应用 。
as a source , we can find the clear humanism moulage from baixianyong's personal life experience , religious emotion and the influence over chinese and foreign literature legacy .	作为一个来源 , 我们可以从巴西人类生活经验、宗教情绪和外国文学法律的影响 。
radiographic examination in experimental group showed much callus than that in control group . after 4 weeks , gross observation showed large amount of new bone trabeculae in two groups .	实验组的辐射图学检查显示 , 在对照组的4周后 , 葡萄牙观察显示 , 两组新骨轨道障碍大量 。
" all the foul stuff from the latrines and all the rubbish thrown down the chute accumulate and compost , as in a septic tank , " wallacehadrill said .	沃尔哈尔说: " 所有的灵魂都从拉里 , 所有的rubish沿着切断和复合物 , 就像是一个封闭的罐子 , " wallaceharill说 。
the 50 l novel bioreactor named as fus 50l was designed and the data acquisition system for both pilot and production scales was developed according to the proposed principle .	根据建议的原则 , 研制了50l小说生物反应器 , 研制了plot和生产范围的数据采集系统 。
intake was calculated using the nutrition data system for research version 2007 , and consumption was monitored using diet diaries and by measuring the weights of the returned pistachios .	利用对2007年版本的营养数据系统进行了测量 , 利用糖尿病的测量 , 测量了回收猪的重量 。
other universal banks have much lower shares , according to data from scorpio partnership , a consultancy , with private banking at hsbc making up only 6 percent of profit .	根据scao伙伴关系的数据 , 私人银行的私人银行只占6%的利润 。
according to popsugar , we will get to see john mayer and jennifer aniston walk the red carpet together at the oscars this sunday , february 22nd .	根据博塞尔 , 我们将去看约翰·梅特和杰妮·安妮·安妮·安妮·阿森在周日在奥斯卡尔的奥斯卡尔 , 特别是22月2日 。
then the two corresponding communicational tendencies , highcontext and lowcontext communications , are put forward , which exert great influence on interpreting activity .	然后 , 提出了两种相应的通信密度、高文本通信和低文通信 , 提出了极大影响解释活动的影响 。
piano and cello are given equal roles in the sonata in a , a break with the 18thcentury format of a piano sonata accompanied by an instrumental obbligato .	钢琴和cello在南塔 , 一个18世纪的pianonata格式 , 由一个仪式的奥巴马共同配合 。
brilliant , iconoclastic , and witty , he had won election in traditionally republican arizona and had succeeded as an activist , progressive governor .	在传统的共和党阿里萨 , 巴利亚 , 巴利亚 , 成为一个活动主义、进步的政府 。
koller was impressed , thought it likely to be useful in eye operations and two months later tried it out , first on animals and then on his own eyes with complete success .	koller表示 , 尽管它可能在眼睛操作和两个月后 , 第一次动物 , 然后用完整的成功 。
the diagnostic value of p300 in diabetic encephalopathy was evaluated . methods erp were tested in 50 type 2 diabetic patients and 30 healthy control group .	评价5型糖尿病患者和30例健康控制组的诊断价值 。
thus it threw shadows of these obscure and homely figures every evening with as much care over each contour as if it had been the profile of a court beauty on a palace wall ;	因此 , 因此 , 这些障碍和家庭图片都在每天都关心 , 如果它是一个平洋墙上的法庭美丽 ;
by analyzing the basic characteristics of nonvesseloperating carrier , the paper confers its identification and its limitation of liability for maritime claims and its lien on cargo and so on .	通过分析非加速卡车的基本特点 , 提出了其识别和其可靠性的限制 。
when i went with my second brother to ahmedabad , some enthusiastic friend of mine took me by surprise by printing and publishing it and sending me a copy .	当我与我第二兄弟来到阿华伯 , 有些朋友通过印刷和发送我 , 发送我 。
when an enterprise submits an enterprise income tax return , the financial statements and other related materials shall be attached in accordance with the related provisions .	当企业收入税收回报时 , 金融声明和其他相关材料应按照相关条件进行安装 。
these indicate that hd is closely related to cmv infection . cmv infection may be an important teratological factor of some congenital malformations including hd .	这些结果表明 , hd与cmv感染的相关 , cmv感染可能是某些连接性肿瘤的重要因素 。
several studies have shown that low and middle level executives show many stress symptoms , like ulcers , high blood pressure , tension , burnout and so on .	研究显示 , 低和中级执行官显示了许多应力症状 , 如溃疡 , 血压 , 紧张 , 血压 , 紧张 , 血压等 。
california natural chicken & brown rice dry cat and kitten food is made with only five pure & simple ingredients to meet the needs of your special cat .	加州自然鸡和褐干旱猫 , 只有五个纯粹的成分 , 以满足特殊猫的需求 。
this piece nominated the award of berlin jin xiong 1999 , but defeated the red of " of american excellent movie with powerful actual strength finally cautionary " .	本片提醒了柏林金1999年的奖 , 但失败了 " 美国实际强劲的电影 " 红色 " 的 " 实际加强 " 。
preliminary computations indicate that the model demonstrate rather higher skill of predictions , it shows perspective of realizable approach to forecast shortterm regional climate .	初步计算表明 , 该模型显示了预测的技术 , 显示了可实现的方法预测短期区域气候的特点 。
the antiwar groundswell brought out thousands of counter demonstrators , including 2 , 000 who gathered outside the state capitol in mississippi .	反恐地球well带来数千计计计的展览器 , 其中包括2000名参加国务院的国务院 。
the shandong provincial quality control and inspecting center for bearings is located in the factory taking up the task of quality inspecting and arbitrament of the province's bearing products .	山东省质量控制和检查中心位于工厂质量检查和质量检查中心 。
the full text of the treaty to be enshrined in the egyptian hieroglyphs temple of karnak at thebes and the temple of ramses the wall .	全文的治疗是在埃及的hinoglyphtemp和rams的mpmp中加入的 。
according to the design of spillway dam on arch dam in wanjiagou reservoir , this paper elaborates special problems and solving method of spillway dam in design and construction .	根据wanjiagoooou的设计 , 阐述了一种特殊问题和解决方案的设计和建设方法 。
credible dynamic parameters of dam materials obtained from indoor tests are the key to the accuracy of dynamical analysis for earthrock dam .	大坝材料的可行动力学参数是地球大坝动力学分析的关键 。
still , i haven't yet had enough experience to determine if the android market is an adequate substitute for the apple app store , or to explore many of the features and apps .	然而 , 我还没有足够的经验 , 如果苹果苹果苹果商店 , 或者开发许多特点 。
the paper has studied into the hydraulic system of two cylinders synchronization and accurate orientation , then designed the synchronized system that could meet the requirement .	本文研究了两缸合成和准确的方向 , 设计了合成系统的同步系统 , 可以满足该系统的需求 。
the index's annualized growth rate remained unchanged at negative 23 . 9 percent , with the previous week's figure revised higher from negative 24 . 1 percent .	这项指标的年度增长率仍然在负面23.9% , 随着前周前的数据重新从负面24.1%的增长率 。
applied to cotton , linen , silk , wool , cashmere , synthetic fiber , blended , underwear and infants , and other types of clothing and cleaning .	适用于棉、丝绸、毛绒、合成纤维、粘贴、洗衣等类型的衣服 。
finally , an organization framework of multiscale spatiotemporal data is proposed to facilitate the data access based on the characteristic of multispatialscale data .	最后 , 提出了一种基于多空间数据的数据访问数据的组织框架 。
in order to search and solve the adsl line fault when the user accesses the net , we introduce one kind adsl fault detect i ng instrument in this thesis .	为了搜索和解决用户访问网络时的sdl线故障 , 我们介绍了一类sdl故障检测ings仪器 。
after the equilibrium of fast exchange process is reached , the slow exchange process can be treated as pseudosingle exchange center system by means of the differential kinetic equation .	在快速交换过程的平衡之后 , 可以通过不同的动力学方程来处理慢交换过程 。
the topography is from digital elevation data collected by the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite .	本论文是由纳沙沙沙的恐怖卫星收集的数字化数据 , 反射辐射器和反射辐射辐射器 。
the invention discloses a shutter type environmental wind guiding device of an air cooling island of a power plant , belonging to the technical field of energy power .	本发明公开了一种新型的环境风景指导设备 , 属于能源电站技术领域 。
hehui is a kind of temporary mutual aid of old times to circulate necessary funds . it was always organized among the kin's and neighborhood .	河北是一种古代的突变酸 , 环境基金 , 它总是在金属和邻近的组织 。
objective:to investigate the surgical indications , operational methods and clinical applications of modified hysterectomy within the tunica vaginalis by using celioscope .	目的:探讨大鼠血管内移植术的手术指标、手术方法及临床应用 。
under root's guidance , the renamed colt patent firearms manufacturing company hired talented mechanics and engineers who continued the innovations colt had begun .	在罗根的指导下 , 重新燃料专利的火焰制造公司雇员的技术和工程师在继续创新燃料开始 。
the 19ye arold is a regular for his country's under20 te am and was a key performer in liverpool's second string landing the le ague title last season .	去年赛季 , 利物浦第二场赛季的第二场比赛中 , 阿尔波尔的第二场比赛 。
the tundra extends endlessly , all leached out colours , smudgy greens and browns , merging with the sky into a distant greyblue nothingness .	周围扩展 , 所有的颜色 , 云绿和褐色 , 随着天空变成极大的绿色 。
the gymnasium complex is part of the massive sports facilities that were built by the chinese for the 2008 summer olympic games in beijing and surrounding areas .	中国夏季奥运会在北京和周围地区的大型运动设施之一 。
but mr . khan was vexed by the striking inequalities — the new hummers cruising by endless shantytowns — and the growing rumblings of tribal politics .	但是khan先生被严格的安静性-新罕默默斯引起了不断形态的危机 , 以及三方政治的生长规律 。
the u . n . 's food security analysis unit and a famine warning project known as fewsnet say the famine in southern somalia is growing worse .	美国的食品安全分析机构和一些南方的警告项目称 , 南方的污染是增长的 。
the focus on a reduced footprint implementation of eobject is also noteworthy , with some clients using it to achieve more than 60percent reduction in footprint .	针对eobj实施的焦点 , 同时也注意了一些客户使用它达到60%的降低 。
glaciers in the french alps have lost a quarter of their area in the past four decades , according to research by scientists at the university of savoie , the bbc said .	bbc说 , 法国alp在过去的四十年里 , 由科学家研究所称 , 法国alp已经失去了他们的区域 。
knowing the basics of populations , sampling , and statistical significance will help you to understand what's possible , and to better understand and interpret what the results mean .	了解人口的基本原因 , 抽样和统计意义 , 帮助你理解有可能的可能性 , 更好地理解结果 。
german crown prince . the son of emperor william ii , he commanded troops in the battle of verdun and renounced the crown at the close of world war i .	德国王子 , 皇帝威廉的儿子 , 他在世界战争的战争中命令军队 , 重新重新在世界战争的冠军 。
web page has to show a large number of realtime data in computeruser interface of a bridge health monitoring system based on b/s model , result in frequently updating pages .	基于b/s模型的基础上 , web页必须展示一个基于b/s模型的基于桥梁卫生监测系统的实时数据 。
the new site concrete exposed surfaces , timely with plastic and heat preservation material covered in ( hscmt condition maintenance , concrete shall not watering .	新的网站混凝土表面 , 随着塑料保护材料覆盖 " hscmt条件维护、混凝土不应水 。
on 9/2/02 in our local paper , there was an article by tony pugh of the knightridder newspapers entitled " doctors closing the door to drug salespeople . "	在本地的报纸中 , 我们的地方报纸中有一篇关于 " 夜边报纸 " 医生关闭门 。
our former striker mikael forssell reminded us what he can do inside the opening quarter of an hour , and bruce was delighted to have him back leading the birmingham line .	我们的前锋迈克尔·迈克尔·迈克尔说他能在一小时的开幕季度 , 并且布鲁斯对他带领了双臂线 。
the press takes use of advanced twoway cartridge valve system and imported electric pump technology which can realize double closed loop control of pressure and flow rate .	采用先进的二路卡车阀系统和进口电泵技术 , 可实现双闭环控制压力和流量控制 。
design and configuration process about the control system of a mechanical arm are introduced based on mcgs configuration software and siemens s7 200 series programmable logic controller ;	介绍了一种基于mcg配置软件和semens7200系列可编程逻辑控制器的机械臂的设计和配置过程 ;
insulin secretion from the beta cells in the part of the pancreas called the islets of langerhan is a complicated process , which if it fails to work properly induces diabetes .	胰岛素分泌的胰岛素是一种复杂的过程 , 如果它会产生糖尿病 。
grand buddha at ling shan the grand buddha at ling shan situated in the small ling shan area in the south of the maji mountain , wuxi , jiangsu province .	吴、江、江苏省南部小城市小山地区的孙子佛 。
that is why i select " citizenship education in american schools " as my research field . both the research methods of literature gathering and comparing have been adopted in the thesis .	为什么我选择 " 美国学校教育 " 的研究领域 " 作为我研究领域的研究方法 。
on christmas day , the miami heat and dwyane wade will take on the cleveland cavaliers and lebron james in a matchup of two of the best young players in the league .	在圣诞节 , 米歇尔和丹尼·波德将在圣诞节的比赛中获得最好的年轻球员和莱姆·詹姆斯 。
this is why web designers , and their close cousins , banner , header and footer designers , can charge up to $50 for one good web page header , and more for a complete set .	这是为什么网络设计师 , 他们的衣服 , 总部和四家设计师 , 可以为一个良好的web页面提供5美元 , 更为完整的设置 。
the paper got across the study about isokinetic technique applying conditions and resolving problem , and provided reference which can made isokinetic technique apply in martial art .	文章对动学技术应用条件和解决问题进行了研究 , 为结论结论 , 可以在结论应用的应用提供参考 。
currently , the value of human capital in enterprises is mostly measured from accounting perspective , and the specialized in assessment of management humancapital is rare .	目前 , 人力资本价值主要是从帐户角度测量人力资本价值 , 专业化管理人力资本的评价 。
the algorithm presented in this paper incorporates the trust region method into the restricted simplicial decomposition algorithm to solve the master problem of rsd .	本文提出了基于rsd的信任区域的算法 , 解决了rsd的主要问题 。
portsmouth are the cook islands , or whatever pacific islands are most threatened by global warming . they are sinking fast , soon to disappear without trace .	葡萄牙是烹饪岛屿 , 或是在全球变暖中最严重的岛屿 , 它们很快不会失望 。
shenzhen yirui electronic technology co . , ltd . is a professional led manufacturer in r&d , production , sales and services which founded in 2006 .	深圳铁电子技术有限公司是一家专业领导制造商 , 2006年建立的销售、销售和服务 。
rio ferdinand will miss middlesbrough's visit to old trafford on monday after suffering a back spasm in the warmup at the britannia stadium .	英国星期一 , 富豪将会失去中场访问中场的老交易 , 在巴西亚州的温暖场比赛后 , 英国球场的后场 。
van gogh painted 'patch of grass' in 1887 in paris and it hangs in the krollermuller museum in the dutch eastern city of otterlo .	187年在巴黎的卡罗姆博物馆里 , 瓦格·戈格·戈格在奥斯洛斯东部城市的 " 图书馆 " 卡罗姆·博物馆 , 杭州卡尔·博物馆 。
the goal of this study was to determine the acute effects of decaffeinated coffee , chlorogenic acid , and trigonelline on glucose tolerance in 15 overweight men .	本研究的目标是确定15例高重量男子15例高度的降低咖啡、氯丙酸、三酮酸的安全效应 。
from a practical viewpoint , consumers value poultry welfare , so better market access may be obtained by producers who ensure good welfare in their flocks .	从实践观点来看 , 消费者价值福利 , 所以更好的市场访问可以通过他们的流动来获得良好的福利 。
mr . greenspan maintains that the development of china and other factors fostered low rates around the globe and not just in the u . s . contributing to a housing boom that was worldwide .	温室主席 , 中国和其他因素在全球的低速率下降 , 不仅在美国的房地产房地产 。
based on an analysis of industrial cluster this paper defines the industrial cluster a new kind of organization mode of spatial economy that is different from market and hierarchy system .	根据工业集群的分析 , 定义了工业集群的新型组织模式 , 是市场和hierarch系统的发展方式 。
now folds the lily all her sweetness up , and slips into the bosom of the lake: so fold thyself , my dearest , thou , and slip into my bosom and be lost in me .	现在 , 她的甜美 , 滑进湖泊的身体:我最亲爱的 , 我的亲爱 , 滑进我的身体 , 让我失去了我 。
thus mr specter’s move will both increase mr obama’s chances of getting his domestic agenda through congress and boost his ability to put liberals in the courts .	因此 , 查尔先生的动作将增加奥巴马的机会 , 通过国会和购买他的能力 。
this year xinran arranged for me to meet a maker of paper lanterns who had the same thing happen to him during a more recent clearance round nanjing’s confucius temple .	今年 , 新兴兰对我来说 , 同样的事情发生了同样的事情 , 南京的冲突 。
those beautiful promises , those sweet smiles on the photos , which are as warm as the sunshine , in turn slowly freeze the curve in the middle of my right hand .	那些美丽的承诺 , 这些甜蜜的笑容 , 正如阳光 , 在我右手中稍慢的流动 。
priority reverse is a kind of phenomenon that the higher priority task is blocked by the lower priority task since they are using the same share sources in real time system .	原始逆转是一种高原始任务的现象 , 因为它们使用相同的时代系统的相同股权 。
by the model , the contour error vectors were computed with tool position points from the interpolator of computer numerical control and position tracking errors of servo systems .	通过模型 , 计算了servo系统的相互反应器和位置跟踪误差的误差矢量 。
it realized rational general layout in narrow area by making use of abandoned excavated materials and overall construction site allocation in longtan hydropower station .	通过对长江水电站的长江水电站 , 实现了纳米地区的合理布局和整体建设站 。
strengthen the practice teaching , pay attention to the thought and the capacity of innovation of the students culturing , and it gets manifest achievement .	加强学生培养的实践教学 , 重视学生培养的创新能力 , 使得学生培养的成就 。
these temperature shifts are heavily influenced by entirely natural ocean cycle fluctuations that affect heat transfer patterns from the tropics .	这些温度变化是由全天然海洋周期流动的影响 , 影响热传输模式的影响 。
wang fuzhi's interpretation undoubtedly degraded zhuang zi's xiaoyao from the realm of heaven and earth to confucian humanity concernment .	王模糊的解释 , 从天气和地球实现的真实来说 , 王志的解释 , 重视人类关注 。
these greater concentrations have the unfortunate side effect of making blue tiberium highly volatile and explosive , making harvesting the crystals extremely dangerous .	这些伟大的浓度对蓝虎的影响较大 , 使晶体极为危险 。
the company handles image processing for other wedding photographers and also teaches them to use lightroom 2 efficiently so they can save time and money processing smaller jobs themselves .	公司手工图像处理其他婚礼摄影师 , 同时也教他们使用灯光2 , 使他们能够节省时间和金钱处理 。
the prescription of the tissue culture of petunie hybrida and the dna level of phenotypic variation seed lings produced by tissue were discussed .	讨论了农村混合物的组织文化及其dna水平 , 通过组织产生的dna水平 。
its university , founded in 575 , was a noted center for the study of theology , science , and medicine in the 7th and 8th centuries . population , 04 , 2' .	它的大学创建于575年的研究中心 , 科学和8世纪 , 人口04 , 04岁 。
a phase i clinical trial has shown that miv210 administered to healthy volunteers has a very good oral bioavailability and achieves high blood plasma levels .	一种相应的临床试验表明 , 微波210的医疗志愿者具有良好的生物可用性 , 达到高血浆水平 。
the correlation of ratooning rate to the yield relating characters of main crop and ratoon crop in rice was studied with 30 different types of rice varieties and hybrids .	研究了三种不同类型的稻种类和稻种不同类型的稻种类和稻种的产率的相关性 。
local codimension two bifurcation of maps , associated with hopfpitchfork case , is analyzed using the center manifold theorem and normal form method of maps .	利用中心表达理论和正常形式对地图的地方编码两个分布进行了分析 。
bank staff involved in indonesia’s tsunami recovery say governmentled plan , communitybased reconstruction are critical in natural disaster response .	银行员工参与了印度的tuni恢复说政府计划 , 社区重建是自然灾难反应的关键 。
“he was my only son , ” said ma xiangqian’s father , ma zishan , a struggling farmer of landscape plants and trees grown for use in the bustling cities .	" 他是我唯一的儿子 , " 张安的父亲 , 玛丽安 , 一位景观植物和树林生长在建筑城市使用 。
use the index or primary key field to select the key columns that the q apply program uses to identify replicated rows and correctly order transactions .	使用指标或主要关键字段来选择q应用程序的关键列 , 以确定复制行为和正确秩序交换 。
but the great souls having taken refuge of the divine nature , o arjuna , render devotional service unto me with undeviated mind knowing me as the imperishable origin of all creation .	但是 , 大灵魂的自然 , 阿杰 , 回顾服务 , 直到我独立认识我 , 都是创造的原因 。
late at night , the international atomic energy agency announced that japan had added a third plant to the list because radiation had been detected outside its walls .	晚些时候 , 国际原子能源机构宣布 , 日本已经增加了第三种植物 , 因为辐射被检测到其外墙 。
he proposed " the situation " is not only thinking of the late ming zun situation of an important stage in development , but also of his literary activities of the theoretical basis .	他建议 " 现状 " 不仅想到了发展的重要阶段 , 还是他的文学活动 。
yanov chomsky pointed out that the diversification of gas supply also increased , which will enable the implementation of natural gas exports have become more flexible .	yovchyky指出 , 气供应的变化也会增加自然气体出口的实施 。
although the traditional is easy for installation and operation , but because of the limited capacity , it can not satisfy the requirement of large scale foam project .	虽然传统的安装和操作方便 , 但由于有限的能力 , 但不能满足大规模fo项目的需求 。
instead of letting his star player force a move , ferguson reminded rooney who was boss a lesson learned long ago by cantona , roy keane and david beckham .	相反 , 让他的星球员曾经移动 , 弗格森提醒他在加拿大学习的教师 , 罗尼亚和丹贝克汉姆 。
as for john f . and robert f . kennedy — the story ends in 1969 , and teddy is nowhere to be seen — the kennedys presents them as men of deep integrity .	作为约翰·福特和罗伯特的故事终于1969年 , 伊迪现在正在看到 , 肯尼迪是他们作为深化的男人 。
jesus offered himself as a sacrificial being before heaven for the sake of the one will , without pursuing his own happiness but for the benefit of humankind on the earth .	耶稣在天堂之前 , 耶稣为了追求自己的幸福 , 不要追求自己的幸福 , 但对于人类的益处 。
then , can social responsibility help increase customers'satisfaction ? if so , what is the mechanism and how important is it ? this research is to answer these questions .	然后 , 社会责任帮助增加顾客的反应 ? 如果机制和机制是什么重要问题 ? 这项研究是对这些问题进行答案 。
litchfield said that he warned oracle of the problem in november , hoping that the company would fix the flaw when it issued a group of quarterly security patches in january .	利菲尔德说 , 他在1月警告的问题 , 希望该公司将固定一组季度安全页面的时候 , 当它在一月份的安全页面 。
a bit . instead of a few hundred thousand , as he initially suggested , the gateses are going with 10% of their wealth . so . . . more like hundreds of millions .	比如他最初建议 , 花费10%的财富 , 所以 , 更像数百万 。
hugh hefner , the 84yearold " playboy " magazine founder , said he is considering marrying girlfriend crystal harris , aged 24 , the us media reported .	据美国媒体报道 , 胡锦涛说 , 84岁的 " 玩家maghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhefner说 , 他正在考虑婚姻危机 , 年龄24岁 。
after constructing the model of motion of the target and the kinetic kill vehicle , constraints of interception were analyzed and the computing method of orbit transfer was also derived .	通过对目标运动的模型和动力杀车辆进行分析 , 并对轨道传输的计算方法进行了分析 , 并对轨道传输的计算 。
jinan is also famous for the spring city . the abundant groundwater of mount tai flows down the north , spews in the urban areas and forms numerous springs .	金山也是春城市的著名地下水 , 城市地区 , 形成了很多春季 。
twoeyes , however , made them welcome , and was kind to them , and took care of them , so that they both with all their hearts repented the evil that they had done their sister in their youth .	然而 , 两眼 , 让他们欢迎 , 同时他们的心灵 , 所以他们都与他们的妹妹一起做了他们的爱情 。
people believe that the number is useful when they are in danger,such as in the valley or in the mountain area . even through the signal is very bad , the police could know where you are .	人们相信 , 当他们在危险时 , 就像山谷或山谷 , 甚至通过信号很坏 , 警察可能知道你在哪里 。
in day after day to repeat life , we use own small head fit many concept , significance , formula... but that is filled with pain and tears behind too much fun and laughter .	今天 , 重复生活 , 我们使用自己的小头 , 意义 , 形式 , 疼痛和泪 。
the point , buffett repeats in all his appearances in china , is that by quitting stanford and trying to make a go of it in music , he was doing the same thing his father did .	这个点 , 巴菲特在中国所有的表现中重复 , 这是由斯坦福德和试图让他在音乐中做的 , 他正在做同样的事情 。
the values may be different depending on the manufacturer of the wire and the ambient temperature , so we recommend you recalculate the values based on your particular requirements .	所以我们建议基于您的特殊需求 , 根据其制造商的价值和成员温度的差异 , 所以我们建议您的价值 。
the smoke screen that may absorb and scatter infrared , heavily attenuates energy of guidance head , and then will reduce the probability of missile shooting .	烟雾屏幕可吸收和散射器 , 重视指导头的能量 , 然后减少误射的可能性 。
this paper is focus on small set character recognition . based on skeleton graphics , handwriting chinese character is defined as a set of isolated branch , isolated loop and component . relation...	针对小组字符识别 , 基于keleleton图形 , 处理中文字符作为分离分离分类、分离锁体和组件关系 。
he is seen as an important figure who made great contribution to modern art , a pioneer on the path of painting practice , and a pilot due to his intelligent painting theory .	他被看作是现代艺术的重要图片 , 一位绘画实践 , 由于他的智能绘画理论的绘画作者 , 由于他的智能绘画理论 。
wang yuquan , a chief consultant at frost and sullivan in beijing , told ap that the announcement is a subtle warning to skype not to grow too large .	在北京 , 北京的首席咨询师王玉安说 , 宣布是一个潜在的警告 , 不会增长大 。
instead , while hong kong is feeling the heat of competition from china , its economy is thriving having just experienced its fastest three years of growth since the late 1980s .	相反 , 香港正在感觉中国的竞争 , 它的经济正在体验了其最快的三年来的生长三年 。
this paper discusses causation and preventing measure of settlement difference in high and low stride building , and points out characteristic and feasibility to use cincture constructing later .	本文讨论了高、低侧建筑特点和可行性 , 指出利用cinc建筑后的可行性和可行性 。
'i don't see anything changing in the next two or three years , ' said john deal , a 50yearold individual investor who works in walnut creek , calif .	" 我不会看到下两年或三年的改变 , " 约翰·迪尔说 , 一个50岁的个人投资者在沃尔克州的工作人员 。
he is the greatest teacher i have ever seen . he is able , without visible effort , to make a lecture to students seem like an intimate , socratic dialogue .	他是我曾经见过的最伟大的老师 , 他不能看到的努力 , 让学生看起来像一个imimimimate、socraic逻辑 。
scream 4 offers little more than a group of familiar characters wandering around a horror movie setting and uttering selfreferential oneliners as the body count mounts .	扫描4提供了一组熟悉的角色 , 将自我参考到自我参考器作为身体数量的模块 。
another problem with the statement that the more televised governmental proceedings , the better , is that it assumes that people actually watch the proceedings when they are broadcast .	另外一个问题表明 , 越来越多的政府产生的问题 , 更好的是 , 人们认为人们在广播时 , 当他们正面看到的时候 , 人们正在看到的产生 。
until 24 february , when the us air force awarded the kcx contest to boeing , eads appeared to have a strong chance of parking its tanker on boeing's lawn .	直到24年2月 , 当美国航空公司向克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克思议推动 , 埃德出了一个强烈的机会 。
some are masters of new or traditional media ; some are religious leaders , and a few are top officials of those governments that do have the ability to project their influence globally .	有些传统媒体 , 有些宗教领导人 , 这些政府的顶级官员都是全球影响他们的能力 。
the architects recommend careful use of express bus rapid transit—the cheapest public transportation option—and increased capacity for bicyclists and pedestrians .	建筑适宜的公共交通选项 , 增加了自行车和农业人员的能力 。
for example , an older system might store the term " dog " with a broader term of " mammal " and narrower terms of " dachshund " or " bulldog . "	例如 , 一个老制度可能停止 " 狗 " 的广泛特性 , 以及 " 大型 " 或 " 泡沫 " 。
in ding zhuren eyes , wuxi ming is tall , handsome youth , talk funny , work carefully , to accept strong , quick thinking , practical work hard .	在明珠眼中 , 吴明明是高的 , 技巧 , 精心地接受强烈、快速思维、实践努力 。
in addition , connection strings constructed at run time from unvalidated user input can lead to string injection attacks , jeopardizing security at the data source .	另外 , 从统计用户输入的运行时 , 连接字符可以导致在数据源中的注射攻击、jopardardardards安全性 。
as the debate continues , mr donkin needs to grapple with the fact that , particularly in america , ordinary people have seen their incomes stagnate since the 1970s .	随着美国的债务继续 , 唐金先生需要与美国相关 , 尤其在普通人民看到他们的收入是自1970年代以来的收入 。
i felt extremely welcomed into your friendly school community and am amazed by the dedication of all the studentsit is obviously a very successful school .	我感到非常欢迎您的朋友学校社区 , 由学生们的学生们所描述的学生 , 很明显是一个很成功的学校 。
always , always pay yourself first from your wage , then pay your creditors . in that single act , you are telling the universe that you are worthy and deserving f more .	总是 , 总是从你的年龄开始付款 , 然后在这个单个行动中 , 你告诉宇宙值得更多 。
currently under construction , the mine is estimated to contain a staggering 40 million tons of copper and 46 million ounces of gold and should start operating in 2012 .	目前在建筑下 , 矿井估计有40万吨铜和46万吨金 , 应在2012年开始运行 。
as a result , de rothschild originally set his launch date for 28 april exactly 62 years to the day when heyerdahl set out on his epic journey across the pacific .	因此 , 死亡儿童初始建立了28年4月28日 , 当亨尔在他的病史记录中设立了62年的时间 。
experiment proved that phagocytic percentage and phagocytic index of celiac macrophage could be increased , transformation of lymphocyte could be increased by xin an grain .	实验证明 , 可增加血清宏观指标 , 可增加淋巴细胞变化 , 可增加血清 。
he also noted that when looking for solutions to the problems , equal consideration should be given to denuclearizing the korean peninsula and addressing the security concerns of the dprk .	他还指出 , 当寻求解决问题的时候 , 正等考虑应该对kreanprk安全关心进行核心 。
methods:221 patients with depression and 178 normal controls were measured with the family dynamics questionnaire and family environment scalechinese version . results: 1 .	方法:对178例家庭动态问卷和家庭环境扫描版本进行抑郁和178例正常控制 。
the main business profit is an important index that department in charge , stockholder and user of the statements pay great attention to , its truthfulness is the main task of the auditing work .	主要的商业利润是查询、股东和用户注意力的重要指标 , 其真正性是审计工作的主要任务 。
analysis and explorations are made to the rupture phenomena of te first cross member in sh6700 light bus floor . 3structure improvement plans are put forward on the basis .	分析和探讨了基础上 , 提出了基础上第一次交叉成员 , 提出了三种结构改进计划 。
the second part analyses the concept , background and current situation of watersaving green space , and makes sure the need and feasibility of watersaving green space development ;	第二部分分析了水绿空间的概念、背景和现状 , 确保水绿空间的需求和可行性 ;
by pursuing graduate studies , they can get the chance to be a member of civil servants or political department and get high salary as well as get a higher social status .	通过培养毕业生研究 , 他们可以获得民事服务或政治部门的机会 , 获得更高的社会状况 。
an old well , abandoned wilderness , in the writer's eyes are beautiful , it nourished a few generations of the world lives and depleted the number of trickling effort ?	写家的眼睛是美丽的 , 还有几代世界生活和解释了许多尝试努力呢 ?
for example , a number of research studies found that social science majors had achieved greater managerial success than those who had technical training or preprofessional courses .	例如 , 研究人员发现 , 社会科学主要成功率比那些具有技术培训或专业课程 。
in 2004 , sh company is facing duple restrictions from the market and bank , which result in the problem of repayment of bank loan , difficulty in raising money and shortage of working capital .	2004年 , sh公司面对市场和银行的双重限制 , 导致银行贷款的难点 , 提高资本短缺的工作资本缺点 。
this paper introduces the solution of incomplete separation of waste alkali liquor in the cyclohexane oxidation unit applying coalescence separation through experiment and innovation .	本文介绍了在循环氧化单元应用煤分离和创新中废物碱溶液的解决方案 。
the recreational corner of the bedroom , black cloth art ground lamp is tiein and coriaceous single person sofa and footrest , arranged the good place of individual have a rest .	卧室的重新角度 , 黑色的艺术地层 , 是钛、合金的单人、足球稳定 , 使个人有好的地方 。
marion lynette snowden:hope you can build an international jci standard hospital with us , let all mothers and babies in china can get best medical care and on the same steps with the world .	玛丽丝·雪登:希望您可以建立一个国际jci标准医院 , 让母亲和孩子都能最好的医疗保健和同样的步骤 。
liverpool are expected to overcome psv eindhoven after chalking up a 30 quarterfinal firstleg lead and that will provide chelsea with the opportunity to finally get even with the merseysiders .	利物浦预计收入psvindoinindininindio , 最后将提供切尔西的机会 , 甚至与默默默ids的机会 。
the ship auction committee shall be composed of three or five persons , that is , execution officers appointed , as well as auctioneers and surveyors engaged by the maritime court .	船舶委员会由三人或五人组成 , 执行官、教育人员和调查人员组成 。
yago loaned to bari after sergio bernardo almiron , another bianconero left turin to move to bari . it is young spanish player yago silva falque .	青年贷款后 , 阿尔德·阿尔梅尔 , 另一位巴黎 , 是年轻的球员 , 是西班牙球员 。
the party's sixth plenary of sixteen session made a series of entire and specific arrangements for harmonious culture construction for current and future a period .	党的六十年级会议 , 是一系列完整的文化建设 , 为目前和未来的一段时间 。
to do this , use the find utility to locate and review all files you've accessed or changed during a certain time period today , yesterday , or at any date or segment of time in the past .	为此 , 在过去任何日期或时间内 , 使用该文件来评估所有文件访问或改变文件 。
based on the submarine soft rock supporting engineering in beizao mine of longkou mining corporation , the physical model tests of interaction of usteel support and roadway were carried out .	根据北京矿区北京矿区的物理模型试验 , 分析了用钢支持和道路的物理模型试验 。
methods:cell growth and differentiation were analysed by trypan blue dye exclusion test , 7690 xu fluorescein staining and transmission electric microscopy .	方法:采用trypan蓝染色试验、7690u荧光液和传输电镜对细胞生长和分化进行了分析 。
objective to inquire into the adsorptivity of hcv rna by the inner surface of machinecollected plasma bags and their tubes which were produced , using pvc as main raw material .	目的探讨hcvrna内部表面的吸附性和主要原料 , 用pvc为主要原料 。
the solidification model of twinroller strip casting is established . the solidification process of strip casting is mathematically simulated by using the finite element software .	利用有限元软件 , 建立了双辊铸件的固化工艺 , 利用有限元软件模拟了焊接工艺 。
the intellectual property rights for all prizewinning works will belong to the mcu r&d division . works will be published in the special 22st mcu literary prize magazine .	所有奖项的知识产权将属于mcr&d分类 , 工作将在特殊的22个文献奖励中发表 。
for example , evaporation from water surface decreased , relative humidity near to the ground surface increased , sunshine hours reduced and wind speed decreased .	例如 , 从水面降低 , 相对湿度增加、阳光小时降低、风速降低 。
it is named after wilbur l . scoville , an american scientist who , in 1912 , developed a test to measure levels of capsaicin , the chemical that creates the heat in chilli .	在1912年 , 美国科学家的研究人员称之后 , 美国科学家 , 1912年 , 开发了一种测量capsain的化学水平 , 创造了基督的热量 。
when blood sugar rises to a certain degree , saturated central issue gastric disorder signal . if all the nutrients , to reduce weight a biscuit products .	当血糖升高一定程度 , 保证中央气体信号 , 如果所有营养者 , 减少了一定程度 。
and here , through the mere excitement , i rapped heavily , with a cane which i held in my hand , upon that very portion of the brickwork behind which stood the corpse of the wife of my bosom .	在这里 , 通过我身后的妻子来说 , 我在我手中拿着一只蜡烛 , 然后一只黑色的黑色粉丝 , 停止我身后的妻子 。
each one of a person’s ten fingers leaves a distinct impression , and the elasticity of skin makes it all but impossible to leave precisely the same fingerprint impression twice .	每个人都留下了一个距离的印象 , 皮肤的弹性使得皮肤的弹性 , 但不可能留下同样的手指印象 。
xiong yumei , deputy director of beijing tourism administration , said , " the booking rate in all starrated hotels in beijing in july increased one percent from may . "	北京旅游管理局副主任张北京旅游管理局说: " 今年7月 , 今年7月 , 今年7月 , 北京的书籍收益率增加了一% 。 "
colombia's carbon emissions are relatively low because of plentiful river systems feed enough hydropower generators to supply some 70% of electricity needs . 10 .	哥伦比亚的碳排放比较低 , 因此 , 由于大量的河流系统饲养足够的水电生成器供应商提供了70%的电力需求 。
d latch and d flipflop circuits using floatinggate mos are designed . in order to introduce the application of d flipflop , we design the register and counter by d flipflops .	为了介绍了dflip流动的应用 , 设计了使用流动模式电路 , 介绍了dflip流动的应用 , 设计了适用于dsflip流动的参数和方案 。
fed by the 100plus inches of rain per year that fall in olympic national park , evergreen trees rise above the fog that fills this olympic mountain's valley .	随着奥运国际公园的100英寸的雨水 , 埃及树上升到了奥运山谷谷谷谷谷谷谷谷谷的谷物 。
the superantigen fusion protein cell factor is actually a substitute for the antigen in the prior art , has a targeting function and is a new prospective medicament different from the antigen .	超原蛋白质细胞因子实际上是抗原的抗原作用 , 具有抗原性的目标功能 , 是抗原的新进展性介质 。
project management is a carefully planned and organized effort to accomplish a specific onetime effort , for example , construct a building or implement a new computer system .	例如 , 项目管理是一项关键的计划和组织的努力 , 建立一个新的计算机系统 。
the geological cause of the mixed layer and its distributing characters are defined by spore pollen analysis , scanning electron microscope and c14 isotope test in this paper .	采用spopoll分析、扫描电子显微镜和c14等分布特征 , 定义了混合层的地质原因及其分布特征 。
the modern people want to understand correctly three big nutrients , these three big nutrient everybody attention , first controls animalism , along with age increase , decreases progressively .	现代人希望理解正确的三大营养 , 这些三大营养都注意力 , 首先控制动物主义 , 随着年龄增加而减少 。
dedication to make friends , and friends , the heart of india , the situation tied up , helping hands , sincere cooperation , mutual benefit and create a better tomorrow !	为了让朋友和朋友 , 印度的心灵 , 帮助手 , 互相合作 , 创造更好的明天 !
china has enlisted pakistani cooperation in quashing potential muslim insurgencies in its farwestern province of xinjiang , bordering pakistan and afghanistan .	中国已经在新疆、边界巴基斯坦和阿富汗地区的潜力穆斯林基因组合作 。
soft start valves are used to throttle the gas flow in roughing lines . they prevent turbulences in piping and containers , particulate contamination in vacuum installations .	软启动阀在轧制线的气流动 , 它们防止燃烧器 , 尤其是汽车安装的污染 。
food intolerance can also be used to describe a much less welldefined collection of symptoms that some people suffer from on consuming certain foods for which no clear basis is known .	食品进入也可以用来描述一种较少的症状 , 一些人对消费者来说 , 没有明确的基础上没有明确的食物 。
the boiling point rise of dilute solution in physical chemistry seems to contradict with vapor distillation in experiment of organic chemistry . actually , they are of different principles .	实际上 , 物理化学物理化学似乎与蒸馏相比 , 实际上 , 它们是不同的原则 。
the deck erection gantry is a specialized equipment for erection of suspension bridge deck segments , it has mainly two forms of winch type and hydraulic lifting type .	锁定装置是一种特殊的装置 , 主要有两种冬类型和液压软件类型的特殊设备 。
on july 21 , 2005 , premier wen jiabao of the state council met in the great of the people with guyana's prime minister samuel hinds who is paying a working visit to china .	2005年7月21日 , 2005年7月21日 , 国务院总理温家温家温家温家温家温家宝与古雅亚总理萨米尔的首席执行官萨姆尔·希尔·希尔在中国的工作访问 。
chapter iii should be natural and the reality of conflict , analyzed and discussed the people's jury selection , training , legal empowerment and supervision of several elements .	第二章应当自然和冲突现实 , 分析人民的审判选择、培训、法律职责和监督 。
on the basis of this , the paper divides the whole chapter into nine sections , with each section divided into three parts of " original text " , " textual research " , and " interpretations " .	在本文的基础上 , 本文分为九章 , 分为 " 原文 " 、 " 文本研究 " 、 " 文本研究 " 、 " 文本研究 " 、 " 解释 " 。
secondly , the scheme scanning exterior environment and the scheme evaluating quantitatively exterior environment of institutes' transformation with efe matrix method are discussed ;	第二 , 讨论了机构转变矩阵的定量评价方案 , 探讨了机构转变矩阵的变换环境 。
jobs become scarcer and the wallace children begin to realize that their father is a violent monster who daily terrorizes their mother and refuses to feed his children .	乔布斯变得惊讶 , 王子开始意识到他们的父亲是一个暴力的猴子 , 他们的母亲 , 拒绝自己的孩子 。
the second chapter is a detailed explication on the techniques in image creation , effects of special language structures , and formalism in textual arrangement in classical chinese poetry .	第二章对图像创作、特殊语言结构的影响、正式主义语言语言语言语言语言语言语言语言语言语言语言语言的技术进行了详细的阐释 。
thirdly , based on theoretical hypotheses of collective identity , the paper classifies the theories of european identity into two perspectives: primordialism and constructivism .	第三 , 根据协调识别的理论 , 文章分类了欧洲识别理论:道德主义和建设主义的理论 。
the influential factors of noise for dimethyl ether engine are studied and analyzed through experiments by using method of combustion noise and effective solutions for noise reduction are found out .	利用燃烧噪声和有效解决方法研究了二甲烷发动机噪声噪声噪声的影响因素 。
skyrocketing food prices have increased attention to the larger challenge of overcoming hunger and malnutrition , the “forgotten” u . n . millennium development goal .	天气冲击食品价格增加了越来越大的挑战 , 促进了 " 福利 " 的 " 美国农业发展目标 。
he had been stranded since saturday evening , when he and his 67yearold uncle got into trouble during a hunting expedition and the ice floe on which he was standing broke away .	今天晚上 , 他和67岁的叔叔叔叔叔叔叔叔在一个猎场和冰板上 , 冰流出来 。
many kinds of hormone are involved in the regulation of uterine action by autocrine or paracrine fashion , such as oxytocin , prostaglandins and endothelin et al .	许多激素涉及在自动性或胃炎症的规则中 , 例如卵巢、前列腺素和内皮素等 。
while pastis had depicted various crocodiles in the strip as early as february 2004 , these crocs were relatively competent and spoke normal english in a normal typeface .	2004年1月初 , 巴斯坦斯坦已经描述了各种crodile , 这些交叉相对竞争和正常型表面的普通英语 。
if you can't read the data when you have accessed it , the decryption keys are corrupted , or the server rejects it because the vendor is using its own encryption algorithm .	如果你没有阅读数据时 , 那么减少关键被腐败 , 或者服务器重复使用自己的加密算法 。
he it is who weaves the web of this in evanescent hues of gold and silver , blue and green , and lets peep out through the folds his feet , at whose touch i forget myself .	他穿过老脚 , 触摸我忘了自己的眼睛 , 蓝色和绿色 , 让我们穿过老脚 , 触摸自己 。
relying on its favorable conditions of humane resources for tourism , shanxi province is now famous for its compound culture while keen competition among its compounds begins .	山西省旅游资源的良好条件 , 目前 , 关键竞争力开始 。
adults are usually absent in blyton's books , allowing children to be powerful: travelling and cooking for themselves , visiting magic lands or solving mysteries .	结果通常在布林顿的书中吸收 , 允许孩子们为自己 , 旅游魔法土地或解决神秘 。
a crucial issue for the popularization of high viscous polymer devolatilization process is to develop high efficiency mass transfer apparatus with improved surface renewal rate .	针对高粘聚合物变化过程的核心问题 , 开发高效磁传输速率 , 提高表面再生率 。
this group teaching program had a positive effect on heart attack patients not only for improving knowledge but lowering the degree of uncertainty and depression throughout the disease course .	这种组织教学计划对心脏攻击患者不仅为改善知识 , 降低不确定性和抑郁症的程度 。
results the recovery and total effective rates were 93 . 3% and 62 . 2% for group of hypertonic saline , and significantly higher than those of ns plus oral prednisone group .	结果高于ns或nalnis组 , 总有效率为93.32% , 高于ns或nal前列腺癌组 。
the game of bingo is an ongong american custom that is encouraged by civic groups , and is condoned by the church as well , in exchange for the needed income the game provides .	教会和教会交流的交流 , 正在鼓励社会群体鼓励的美国客户 , 由教会提供的需要收入 。
box 12: gross weight in kilos should be shown here . other units of measurement e . g . volume or number of items which would indicate exact quantities may be used when customary .	盒子12:应该在这里展示 , 其他单位的测量元 , 或许多项目 , 当客户的时候 , 可以使用 。
crossing over the highway , away from the shenzhen international airport , the port only a dozen kilometers away from guangzhou new baiyun international airport , one hour full speed .	跨越高速公路 , 沿着深圳国际机场 , 港口仅从广州新湾国际机场 , 一个小时的速度 。
with the built of marketing economy system , the rapid development of national economy and enhancement of human living standards , medicine and healthcare industries have been developed rapidly .	随着市场经济体系的迅速发展 , 人类生活标准、医疗和健康工业的迅速发展迅速发展 。
the second floor of the pavilion will be transparent . the pavilion will symbolize the imagination and creativity of hong kong people , said ng hon wing , director of the pavilion .	香港人民的第二层流动将是透明的 , 旅游将符合香港人民的想象和创造力 。
sarge explained why he picked me: “a player can have great skills , but his talent won’t mean much if he doesn’t apply himself and get the job done , ” he said .	他说 , 为什么他选我: " 球员可以有很好的技能 , 但他才不能申请自己 , 他的职业 , 他说 。 "
chapter 1 mainly introduces the current export situation of chinese textiles and apparel , especially the new problems arising from the soaring volumes and slumping export prices .	第1章主要介绍了我国纺织品的出口状况及出口情况 , 特别是从索引数和减少出口价格的新问题 。
different specifications for heating glassware , but i guarantee the quality of drying , heating system and below the nozzle position , the inclination should be able to easily adjust .	加热玻璃墙的不同规范 , 但我保证干燥系统的质量 , 降低噪声位置 , 应该很容易调整 。
such different sources as the native americans , rudolph steiner and our friends at findhorn have influenced our learning of the appropriate harmonic role in relation to the earth .	如此不同的美国人 , 俄罗德·史蒂er和我们的朋友对地球的学习有影响 。
the 23 existing couplets belonging to the mansion house best manifest zhang's wit and humor , his political ambition , attitude and his attachment to hometown and relatives .	第23个现有的夫妇属于他最好的张风 , 他的政治成员、态度和他的娱乐 。
whereas turks tend to be warm and extrovert , your average georgian seems much more selfcontained and reserved – not entirely dissimilar to your average briton , really .	在那里 , 你的平均乔治亚看起来更加自我保持 , 保留着你的平均briton , 真的 。
displaying its spectrum of shades in an attempt to attract the attention of the less vibrant brown spiders , the creature reveals hues of orange , yellow , green and blue .	展示了它的光谱 , 在试图吸引大褐蜘蛛的注意力 , 显示了橙色、绿色、绿色、蓝色的生物 。
" i'm not going to go up against guillem if his best investigative report says there is a deal in place playertoclub i believe that , what i think is shameless is calderon , " said hunter .	亨特说: " 如果他最好的调查报告说 , 我相信 , 我认为 , 我认为 , 什么是无耻的 , 我认为他是无耻的 。 "
they see their province as teeming with resources ? fish , forests , minerals and now oil ? that outsiders have profited from , sometimes unfairly , leaving only crumbs behind .	他们看到他们的省份吗 ? 鱼 , 矿物 , 石油吗 ? 有时候 , 有时候 , 留下的石油 。
some schools have already started separating the sexes for some lessons and say it has eliminated the " peacock effect " of boys showing off and provided a more equal distribution of teacher time .	有些学校已经开始分离一些教师的性别 , 说它已经消除 " 桃效应 , 提供更平等的分布 。
in retrospect , kafka was a noble attempt to adapt the complexity of kafka's work to the movies , and it hinted at soderbergh's genre experiments to come .	在回顾中 , kafka是一个不可能的尝试适应kafka工作的复杂性 , 并在sderbergh的基因实验中获得了sobergh的基因实验 。
after world war i , henry ford and general motors' alfred sloan moved world manufacture from centuries of craft production led by european firms into the age of mass production .	在世界战争之后 , 亨利福德和普通汽车的汽车制造领域的全球生产领域 , 由欧洲企业进入大量生产的年龄 。
professor popkin says american schools also need to improve their nutrition . for example , schools may have vending machellones that offer what many people would consider junk food .	例如 , 美国学校还需要改善他们的营养 。 例如 , 学校可以提供多少人会考虑朱克食物 。
but wga west president patric verrone told the more than 3 , 000 writers in attendance saturday night that the strike would end only after they voted to approve the contract .	但是wga西方总统沃格·韦斯特说 , 今天晚上3000名作家在参加周六晚上 , 这一行动只能在他们投票合同结束 。
amoi is a wellknown domestic mobile phone manufacturing enterprise . because of a8 , a " will dancing " mobile phone , amoi earned much money in 2002 and 2003 .	amoi是一家著名的国内移动手机制造企业 , 因为a8 , 一个 " 大坝 " 手机 " 电话 , 2002年和2003年赚了大量的钱 。
while this may sound inefficient , remember that in most observer situations , each component has a small number of listeners , and insertions and removal are greatly outnumbered by traversals .	虽然这可能会有效地记得大多数观察器状态 , 但每个组件都有很少的聆听器 , 安装和远程很大 。
the belief possesses three characteristics such as the abundant mazu temples , rich poems in praise of mazu and its close relation with the activities of fujian businessmen .	福建商业活动的相关特点 , 如大量mazump , 丰富的诗歌 , 与福建商业活动相关 。
the website says: " this silicon small sex dolls is our unique design on market in 2016 , sex dolls with hot japanese pure girl , female real sex doll robot for man . "	网站说: " 在2016年 , 我们的独特的设计是我们在日本电脑市场的独特的设计 , 女性真正的机器人 。 "
jobs , pi: as time marched on , the moustache made a comeback rumours that he was going to ditch silicon valley for the san fernando valley proved unfounded .	乔布斯:当时的时候 , 穆斯塔制造了一个篮球运动 , 他会为圣威尔山谷提供分子硅谷 。
he lost out but we reckon that , given he got to hang on for lots more films instead of wearing a turban and then getting done in by an 11 yearold , he's probably over it now .	他失去了 , 但我们也许会给他带来更多的电影 , 然后在一年111岁的时候 , 他可能会在这里做 。
more than 90% of employees in selfgoverning firms , and twothirds in the informedacquiescence category , agreed that " good ideas are readily adopted by my company " .	超过90%的员工 , 由我公司的 " 良好思想 " 的两分之三 , 同意 " 良好的想法 。
article 102 after placing the subject matter in escrow , the obligor shall timely notify the obligee or his heir or guardian , except where the obligee cannot be located .	第十二条对物体物质进行分析 , 应当注意到对象或保卫 , 除非对象的地方 。
more earnings from s&p 500 companies and a steady stream of toptier economic indicators will give investors more evidence of the economy's health throughout the week .	从s&p500家公司和一个稳定的经济指标者将给投资者更多的证据投资者的经济健康状况 。
the fractal parameters of pore structure are estimated based on the capillary pressure data before and after waterflooding to investigate the effect of waterflooding on variation of pore structure .	根据水压数据的实用参数 , 分析了水流量变化对污染结构变化的影响 。
methods we observed effects of antiarrhythmic agents and synchronized cardioversion treatment of atrial fibrillation in 19 patients with preexcitation syndrome .	方法对19例妊娠综合症患者的前列腺癌患者及同步心脏病患者的影响进行了观察 。
conclusion both the nickel titanium patella fixation and the adjustable patella fracture reduce device have the satisfactory effect for treatment of patella fracture .	结论镍钛固定和可调的保罗拉基础设备具有良好的疗效 。
established in 2006 , shenzhen siemax cables technology co . , ltd , is one of the leading suppliers for the " structured communications solutions " in china .	2006年建立了深圳iemax电缆技术有限公司 , 是我国 " 结构交流方案 " 领先供应商之一 。
professionally producing transmission belt , oil seal , mould rubber parts , silicon hose , tensioner for passenger cars , light and heavy duty vehicles .	专业生产传输带 , 油密封 , 石油密封 , 硅孔 , 传输机 , 光泽和重量汽车 。
this private residence , located in the dongcheng district of beijing , is a traditional " siheyuan " type of residence where the courtyard is the center of the house .	这个私人居民 , 位于北京东北区 , 是传统的 " 健康 " 类型的居民中心 。
the color male money of these dress composed , female money is bold and unrestrained , but the figure that having same heavy and complicated , artistic touch is dyeinthewood .	这些裙子的颜色男性赚钱 , 女性金钱不合同 , 但艺术作品也是同样复杂、复杂、艺术作品 。
telecommunications technology co . , ltd . shenzhen peng is a research and development , production , sales and service into a professional led screen manufacturer of digital control information .	深圳电子通信技术有限公司是一家研究、销售、服务进入数字控制信息的专业领域屏幕制造商 。
depict the influence on the plant cellular , caused by the added high electrostatic field , by the bimolecular lipid membranes , and deduce the micro principles .	通过双模液相膜 , 将微粒原理增加高电化学领域的影响 , 减少了微粒原理 。
it turns out that the knapsacks were brighter than the polo shirts . the thread color that looked good on the knapsacks was too dark to read on the shirts .	它转变了knapsack比波罗衬衫的线程颜色比knapsack更好 。
article 19 1 the adjusted net capital amount of futures commission merchants shall not be less than 6 percent of the total amount of customer margin account .	第一条未来委员会的总数不超过6%的客户标准账户总数为6% 。
by the determination of multistyle elastic silk of single or double layer , it shows that the elasticity of the prepared fabrics can all reach medium or low levels .	通过测定单层或双层的弹性硅的测定 , 显示制备的弹性能 , 可达到中低水平 。
the mechanism , structure features of dynamic wave wet scrubber are briefly presented , and its applications in sulfuric acid and compound fertilizer productions are exemplified .	简要介绍了动态波束的机理、结构特点 , 简要介绍了硫酸和复合肥料生产的应用 。
but despite efforts to step up enforcement , including suspending production last month at a number of battery factories , the government's response remains faltering .	但是 , 尽管政府的反应仍然不断增强 , 包括上个月的支持生产 , 但政府的反应仍然不断变化 。
on the basis of analysis , the qingdao port group's overall development strategy is developed . finally , a number of recommendations to enhance the competitiveness of the group are presented .	在分析基础上 , 提出了清达港综合发展策略的基础 , 最后 , 提出了提高组竞争力的建议 。
in addition , on the aspect of the sziit supervisor's observation on class performance , the teaching contents are totally different , and the experimental classes' performances are more active .	另外 , 在经典性能的角度上 , 教学内容是不同的 , 实验类的性能更为活跃 。
ten days later , during the 36th week of gestation , word arrived that a baby had died during or shortly after birth and the parents had agreed to donate the infant's heart .	十天之后 , 在36周的森林期间 , 孩子在生命之后 , 父母同意捐赠婴儿心脏 。
chief introduction of the company jingu eastro handicraft limited company is a professional enterprise specializing in the production of handicrafts with fully minor ethnic group features .	公司江东手工有限公司是一家专业化工程专业化工程专业化工程专业化工程专业化工程专业化工程 。
there is no need to maintain session affinity at the plugin router level , as session affinities will be taken care of by the odrs when the requests are forwarded on to the application servers .	在plugin路由程序服务器中 , 没有需要维持执行会话财务 , 当请求服务器的请求时 , 请求的请求 。
following an investigation into the possibilities of materials including recycled glass , stucco and marble , the architects settled on stone as the best option .	随着一项调查的研究 , 包括回收玻璃、结构和玛丽 , 构建石作为最佳选择的可能性 。
yu'ebao , china's most popular internet fund , is an investment service jointly offered by alipay , china's leading online payments provider , and tianhong asset management .	中国最受欢迎的互联网基金 , 是一家投资服务 , 中国在线支付提供商 , 以及天津资产管理 。
underwater gps positioning system includes four parts which are gps differential reference station , gps buoy subsystem , underwater pinger , shipbased data processing and control center .	水下gps定位系统包括四个部分 , gpo购物系统、水下数据处理和控制中心 。
" i think luxehomes' content is very comprehensive . i particularly like the stories with forwardlooking angles , " says louis ho , a director of centaline's stately homes .	" 我认为luxhome的内容非常全面 , 我特别喜欢前面的故事 , " 路易斯霍说 , " 一个中央主任的主任 。
results:during the procedure of combined liver and kidney harvesting , 1 right renal vein and 2 left renal arteries were injured , 3 renal perfusion were not satisfied .	结果:回顾肝和肾脏损伤的过程 , 1右肾动脉和2左肾动脉并不满意 。
a source of electricity consisting of a number of alternating disks of two different metals separated by acidmoistened pads , forming primary cells connected in series .	采用酸化模式分离法制备了两种不同金属的电源 , 形成了初始细胞连接的主要细胞 。
the letter to the hebrews , one letter of john , he rejects the shepherd of hermas , which is a book that we include in a groupings of writing we call the apostolic fathers .	约翰的信 , 他拒绝了她的牧师 , 这是我们称为 " 我们的书 " 写作家 " 的书 " 书 " 。
in west germany , foreign minister hansdietrich genscher urged moscowto shut all nuclearpower plants similar to the one at chernobyl .	在西德国 , 外交部长汉迪克·莫斯托斯托把所有核power移动到切尔一起 。
various designs of single stage , double stage and multistage or their combination can be customized accordingly for deferent demands of sterilization , insulation and cooling .	针对单阶段、双阶段及其结合 , 可根据稳定、冷却需求和冷却需求 。
folders , for example , are a wellknown metaphor for file organization , and they have replaced “directories , ” which were used previously in commandline operating systems .	例如 , 文件组织是文件组织的一个良好的元素 , 它们已经取代 " 直接记录 " 的 " 指令操作系统 。
phonetics , grammar , vocabulary , listening , speaking , reading and writing skills in this stage , to realize breakthrough , to lay the foundation , a habit .	电话 , 格拉 , 音乐 , 听音 , 阅读和写作技巧 , 实现基础 , 劳动基础 , 一个习惯 。
the lack of legal foundation of defense counsel in procedure for review of death sentences leads to the obstacles on operation and guarantee of defense of the counsel .	死亡的法律基础缺乏法律基础 , 导致对国家防守的障碍和保证 。
the results of the experiment indicated that the training system for athletes of speed strength events and groups could lead to a remarkable adaptive change in cardiac shapes and functions .	实验结果表明 , 速度强度事件的训练系统可以导致心脏形和功能的变化 。
to resolve the large time jitter error of middlelong range action in uwb fuse systems , a novel time system base on crystal frequency division has been proposed .	为解决uwbfs系统中部范围误差的最大时间误差 , 提出了一种基于晶频分割的基础 。
big accounting firms are offering similar increases , according to j . patrick gorman , founder of ifind group , a new yorkbased cpa recruiting firm .	根据j.帕特曼创始人 , 根据纽约的cpaparerec公司提供相似的增加 , 根据j.packrman的创始人 , 根据纽约的cpaparererecparererererec公司 。
in a study involving 2 , 604 residents of hisayama , japan , the researchers examined the association between serum cholesterol level and incidence of gastric cancer .	在一项研究中 , 研究人员考察了血清胆固醇水平与胃癌的发生 。
methods 37 cases who had taken relative exploring sign underwent cholangiography before choledochotomy , and the negative patients would not take choledochus exploration .	方法对37例患者进行相对探索信号进行相关检查 , 并对邻近患者不会采取相关的检查 。
i have been fortunate to work with hitachi for over 25years starting with delivery of the transilift to hitachi port in 1984 and i am looking forward to the continuation of our relationship .	1984年 , 我和hitachi一起工作了25年的转移 , 并且我寻求我们的关系继续 。
tentatively , this study introduced simple and economical dynamic cone penetrometer and impact soil tester for facilitating the investigation of subgrade and upgrading its quality .	此外 , 介绍了一种简单、经济动力学混凝土试验仪 , 建立了子级调查的质量 。
aim using the variance matrix of estimated error , positional accuracy can be compared with different mixing together data , it has put forward a kind of basis for system location to select data .	目的利用估计误差的变量矩阵 , 可以与不同混合数据相比 , 提出了一种基于系统位置的系统位置 。
lccs have benefited from increasing price sensitivity of consumers and business travellers and lower oil prices that have flowed from the global economic malaise .	lcc已经从全球经济疟疾中获得了增加价格的价格和商业旅游者和低价的油价 。
these groups are especially vulnerable because they often experience extended survival during which neurocognitive complications of therapy may cause more impairment than the tumor itself .	这些组织特别是不可避免的 , 因为他们经常经历了神经综合症 , 可能导致肿瘤自身的实现 。
the simulation experiment shows that the parallel processing method obtains sub linear speedup , and the requirement for real time identification of internal model online is basically satisfied .	仿真实验结果表明 , 该方法获得子线速度 , 实时识别了在线模型基本满意的要求 。
the measles initiative is a collaborative effort of who , unicef , the american red cross , the united states centers for disease control and prevention , and the united nations foundation .	美国红交易中心是一个合作的努力 , 美国红交易中心 , 疾病控制和预防的国家基础 。
the paper focuses on the emerging social historical grounds of new realism novels and discusses how the writers direct the contemporary literature development and cognitive strategies .	本文重点讨论了当代文学发展和认知策略的新现实主义小说的社会历史背景 , 并讨论了如何直接对当代文学发展和认知策略 。
thirdly , it exposes the corruption of fedual government , which derives from niu xiu " s advanced political thoughts and rough official career . "	第三 , 阐述了农民政府的腐败 , 从niu " 先进政治思想和官方职业的腐败 。
companies and enterprises should also pay attention to the mental health of employees and help them relieve pressure through lectures and psychological counseling , wu suggested .	公司和企业也应注意雇员的心理健康 , 帮助他们通过学习和心理咨询 , 吴建议 。
through the analysis on phenomenon of big tree into city and the status quo of scenic forest in city , the necessity and urgency of scenic forest protection were expounded .	通过对大树的现象分析 , 探讨了城市景观森林现象 , 阐述了景观森林保护的必要性和必要性和必要性 。
adhesive , disintegrating agent and enteric garment to put on weight , with the release of reduced glutathione degree as the optimum prescription of entericcoated .	粘附、消毒剂和进化剂 , 随着降低凝胶剂的释放 , 降低凝胶剂的最佳预测 。
the attitude of magnetic foliation , which clearly suggests the emplacement of the magma in different tectonic units , is consistent with rock shapes and distribution of rock units .	不同电子单元的磁化反应 , 具有岩石形状和分布 。
actually dao yin didn't also want to good want to sell , he just wanted to see if they can make any repercussions , dao yin renhui won't inherit his judge the proposal .	实际上 , 丹尼还不想卖好 , 他只想看他们可以做任何修复 , 大卫回答不会继承自己的法官 。
spoon into the prepared muffin tin , filling each cup twothirds full . bake in the preheated 190c/375f oven for 2025 minutes , or until golden brown .	喷雾进制备的muf滤池 , 填充了每三分之三 。 在200c/375年 , 或直至金褐 。
besides , great importance was attached to the building of teaching and learning atmosphere . ten regulations made by the founder zhiyi ensured good teaching atmosphere .	另外 , 建立大气教学和学习氛围 , 通过建立良好教学氛围的教学规则 , 建立了大气的重要性 。
this article discusses a serious of problems exposed during the actual operation and application of the internal heat coke oven , analyses the reason and puts forward improvement schemes .	本文讨论了在内热炉实际运行过程中存在的问题 , 分析了内热炉的原因 , 提出了改进方案 。
objective to investigate the relationship between gliosis , synaptic reorganization and the mechanism of chronic temporal lobe epilepsy induced by kainic acid .	目的探讨糖尿病的关系 , 综合反应和慢性肺病患者的机制 。
to some extent , it is more practical to explain the process of determination by using signal detection theory than holding the ideal hypothesis of regarding the judge as reasonable .	利用信号检测理论 , 利用信号检测理论的理想水平 , 实践解释了信号检测过程的实践 。
it is pointed out that , in the case of having radial flexible mechanism , the wear between anti rotation mechanism and scroll wrap exhibits synchronism and self compensation .	指出 , 针对抗转变机理和自我补偿机制的磨损机理 , 分析了抗转变机理和螺杆螺杆扩展机制之间的磨损 。
numerical analysis illustrates that the improved genetic algorithm designing is successful in solving highdimension , multiconstrains , and nonlinear uc problem .	数值分析表明 , 提高基因算法在解决高维度、多元素和非线性核问题 。
the bank manager and other relevant bank personnels should be charged of breach of duty for causing the loss of 17 , 000 yuans . so why aren't they charged ?	银行经理和其他相关银行人应该被调查 , 导致贷款17万元的损失 , 为什么他们不被挑战 ?
as a signal molecule , h2o2 derived from polyamine oxidation mediates cell death , the hypersensitive response and the expression of defence genes .	作为一种信号分子 , h2o2被从聚氨酸氧化中介、高敏反应和防御基因的表达 。
the offshore oil industry is built with high risks and investment intensified . improper use of operating fluids during development stage may cause reservoir damages .	在发展阶段 , 建立高风险和投资强度 , 改善运营流动可能导致储存损害 。
the united states , he argues , needs to partner with iran and turkey to create a " powerful triangle " whose activities would promote a culture of democracy and combat extremism .	美国 , 他认为 , 他需要与伊朗和土耳其共同创造一个 " 有力的三角 " , 他们的活动将促进民主和战争的文化 。
this was hard to swallow for tunisians proud of the once exemplary educational system nurtured by their first president , habib bourguiba , whom ben ali ousted in 1987 .	这很难被他们第一次总统、哈比伯伯伯格巴 , 他是一位著名教育体系教育体系的教育体系 。
this is not to inhibit full and free expression: this is not to lose spontaneity ; authenticity , and the important sincerity we communicate simultaneously .	这并非抑制完整性和自由表达:这并不损失灵活性 ; 意义 , 以及我们通信的重要性 。
she goes on , " we're electrical engineers , and we really needed more help from ocean engineers , but to get them we needed more funding , and to get more funding we needed to show some success . "	她走了 , " 我们是电工程师 , 我们真正需要更多的帮助海洋工程师 , 但我们需要更多的基金 , 为我们需要更多的基金 。 "
“we can put your mom’s picture and her jewelry box right here on top , ”michele said , and kristen felt so lucky to have a family who loved her and wanted to make her happy .	" 我们可以把你妈的照片放在这里 , 她的jwwwelboribox右边 , " mich说 , 让她喜欢她的家庭 , 希望她的幸福 。 "
instead , he thinks yoga helps keep people more in tune with their bodies and eating habits and aware of bad habits , such as eating because of stress , boredom or depression .	相反 , 他认为 , 瑜伽帮助人们与他们的身体和睡觉习惯 , 比如应激 , 抑郁或抑郁症 。
volunteers who worked in rooms lit by a lamp with an incandescent light bulb instead of overhead fluorescents solved problems requiring novel thinking more successfully .	志愿者在房间里工作的小屋里 , 带有浓郁的灯泡 , 解决了流感的问题需要更成功的想法 。
five loud blasts were reported at gaddafi's bab alaziziya compound , where he had made an address on tuesday night and which had been first attacked on sunday night .	据《星期二晚报》报道 , 五名荷兰·阿拉扎扎扎扎扎扎扎伊的合物馆报道 , 他在周日晚上首次攻击 。
with a certain assumption , we conclude that the relationship between price level , quantity produced and cost parameter is same at both extreme levels of risk avoidance .	随着某些假设 , 我们结论价格水平的关系 , 质量产生和成本参数相同 。
the material balance equation for gas reservoir has been used to determine reserves and ogip of gas reservoir , judge its driving type and predict its production performance .	利用气储层的材料平衡方程 , 确定了气储层和氧化物 , 判断其驱动类型和预测其生产性能 。
wan hui see tang sugar home happy , tang li and tian xin see tang sugar after come back home , it suggested that put home decorate the home to also can spacious points , everyone to move to villa .	吴华看到唐糖家的幸福 , 唐丽和天天津看到唐糖回家后 , 建议把家装饰在家里 , 每个人搬到维拉 。
the trend in the prosperity of new year films shows that it results from the close relationship between the social and cultural accumulation and the psychological sublimation to the films .	新年电影的趋势显示 , 社会和文化积累与心理分子的关系 。
this program focuses on helping mathematical teachers construct conceptual maps of the development of children's mathematical cognition through education practices and coresearching .	本课程主要通过教育实践和核心教学的教学教学教学教学教学和教育实践 , 建立数学教师的概念图案 。
theaverage of t/es during the whole stages was about 2 . 06 . the maximum of it appeared in flag stage was about 78 , and its minimum appeared in winter was close to zero .	在整个阶段的平均平均平均为2.06 , 法兰阶段的最大幅度是约78 , 其最小的冬季呈现为零 。
huoshan industrial economy which is called huoshan phenomenon by those who study economy had a sharp rise in this years , though it was a poverty county of national level .	黄山工业经济称为黄山现象 , 这些研究的经济有着较好的升高 , 虽然它是国家水平的贫穷县 。
that's because the new u . s . military strategy no longer focuses on going after enemy fighters in the mountains , but on winning over afghans in the cities and villages .	这是因为 , 美国军事战略不再重点在山区的敌人战斗后 , 但在赢得阿富汗城市和村庄 。
in fact , foreign volunteers would like to deliver extemporaneously though they got prepared . and local teachers thought foreigners acted as trainer just for fun .	事实上 , 外国志愿者希望转换奥运会 , 但当地教师认为外国人在训练中行动 。
vacationer accomodations are a nearby solarpowered hostel , with gardens and wild chickens . but by far , the highlight of the trip is the chance to see the grampians .	假设商是一个附近的太阳的酒店 , 花园和野鸡 , 远离 , 旅游的高度是看大猩的机会 。
analyzing the function of firingoil tax , the paper discusses the influence of the coming firingoil tax in logistics industry and gives out the relevant countermeasures .	分析了纤维税的功能 , 讨论了物流产业的影响 , 并给出了相关的方案 。
as ken tucker wrote at the time: ''finally , in his greatest moments of grief and fury , he showed us the most vulnerable , despairing side of the man of action . ''	正如厨师写道: " 最后 , 在他的最伟大的时候 , 他展示了最舒服的 , 让我们发挥了最舒服的行动 。 "
handsome but also because of the floating children , had to rise in confidence , remembering their home made of silk and lu lin to discuss business , can open a silk line .	手术 , 还是因为流动孩子 , 必须在信心上升 , 记住他们的家庭和卢琳讨论业务 , 可以打开银行 。
adding leafy greens to a dish is an easy way to add color , flavor and nutrients , writes martha rose shulman in this week's recipes for health .	加上叶绿 , 为了增加颜色 , 弗莱夫和营养剂 , 在本周的健康 。
from how to conduct yourself as an employee to what's considered competition , it's likely that you'll see something formalized about how the company views social media and your participation in it .	从如何减少自己作为一个员工的竞争 , 你会看到公司观察社会媒体和参与的一些东西 。
the forest is fragrant , damp , and resonant . someone’s distant voice , someone’s protracted call or response reverberates marvelously in the far distant thickets .	森林是脆弱的 , 大坝和原因 , 有些人不错的声音 , 有人承诺呼叫或响应堆在远距离的厚度 。
mr . jobs , who was treated for pancreatic cancer five years ago , went on medical leave in midjanuary to receive a liver transplant after exhibiting noticeable weight loss .	五年前 , 巴黎癌症患者曾经治疗胰腺癌的治疗 , 在中年1月接受肝移植后再次接受肝移植 。
this method improves the estimating precision of the point spread function . wiener filter is fabricated for recovering the defocused image based on the defocused point spread function .	基于聚焦点扩散函数的测量精度 , 提出了基于聚焦点扩散函数的测量精度 。
actually , each chapter and each caption formed the integral framework that knowledge of whole horse sagacious nods , this frame basically is build by fundamental rise .	实际上 , 每个节点都形成了整个主题节点的整体框架 , 这个框架是由基础上建立的 。
on this basis , it raises a query optimization model for oql by introducing some query theories of rdb into the query process of oodb , and gives its implement strategy .	在此基础上 , 提出了一个查询优化模型 , 并给出了其实施策略 。
the men with a genetic tendency toward lower bdnf levels seemed to lose their ability to perform complicated tasks at almost double the rate of the men without the variation .	这种基因密度的男性似乎失去了他们的能力 , 几乎没有变化的男性的比例 。
it is because they are afraid that theprivate employer will cutdown onjobs and many people , especially those whoare used to getting their wageswithout doing any work will lose their jobs .	这是因为他们害怕 , 私人员将削减job和许多人 , 尤其是那些用来获得自己的工资 , 特别是谁会损失自己的工作 。
similarly indicative of this seachange in government policy , the chinese government has announced it will to ban shops from giving away free plastic shopping bags , effective from june 2008 .	同样指出 , 中国政府政策的自由塑料袋 , 从2008年6月宣布 , 中国政府宣布 , 将从2008年6月推出自由塑料购物袋 。
studying representation method of fusee and small spindle part of the caseandknowledgebased , the described method of objected oriented of geometry feature and process feature information is built .	建立了基于数学特征和工艺信息的特点 , 建立了基于数学特点和处理特点 。
last year , venturecapital firms invested $3 . 5 billion in u . s . alternativeenergy companies , while they invested only $330 million in chinese companies , ms . guzy said .	去年 , 美国外交公司投资3.5亿美元 , 同时他们投资了33000万美元的中国公司 。
a component of the hals design is the spraycool multiplatform enclosure which enables the electronics to be located near the radar currently mounted on the front of the black hawk .	在黑帽前面 , 一个电子设计的基础上 , 可以将电子的电子电流位置在黑帽前移动 。
it is representing the hope of tea person , representing china tea industry will more flourishing , the tea course of study of the motherland is sure to have more brilliant than former days tomorrow !	它代表了茶人希望茶人 , 代表中国茶行业将更加流动 , 母亲的教学课程肯定有更多的新鲜日子 !
an environmentallyfriendly antirusting coatings has been prepared , based on non toxic calcium phosphite as dominant antirust pigment and phosphates as auxiliary antirust pigment .	根据非毒性钙作为氨基酸酯的抗腐蚀涂料 , 制备了一种基于非毒性钙的抗腐蚀涂料 。
according to the terrain and topographical features , the sandy land in beijing mainly were divided into three types that are mountain ground , the transition zone from hill to plain and plain .	根据北京地区的沙漠景观特征 , 主要分为北京山地区三种类型 , 由山坡和平原地区的变化区分为三种类型 。
the paper also presents the optimization principle of seismic features and the seismic feature optimization method based on gene tic algorithm in porosity prediction with cusi network .	提出了基于基因算法的基因算法 , 基于cusi网络对地震特征的优化原理及地震优化原理 。
when older adults cannot do the recommended amounts of physical activity due to health conditions , they should be as physically active as their abilities and conditions allow .	由于健康条件下 , 老年成年人不能建议数量的物理活动 , 应当作为他们的生理活动和条件 。
lukacs exposed universal problems of verdinglichung and alienation in capitalist society from commodity and proved importance of its overall category from the opposite side .	卢克克斯在资本主义社会的普遍问题 , 从商品和证明了其整体类别的重要性 。
fractal dimensions of the 200 biggest intercity bus hubs from 2000 to 2004 were 1 . 4862 to 1 . 5118 , and that is consistent with fractal dimensions of chinese urban system sizes .	中国城市系统大小的基本方案 , 20000年至2004年 , 为1.4862 , 具有中国城市系统大小的基本方向 。
this paper tries to explore the phenomenon with the concepts of absolute poverty and relative poverty , and to elaborate this issue with a historical comparison of chinese and british society .	针对中国和英国社会的历史性问题 , 探讨了吸收贫困的现象 , 探讨了中国和英国社会的历史性问题 。
by the foundation of 2110 safety management mode , the basis of petrochina company limited safety management has become more strengthened and petrochina has achieved remarkable safety performances .	通过2110安全管理模式的基础 , 石油公司有限公司的安全管理已经成为加强和石油安全性能的基础 。
then based on the characteristic of reversible counter , fourvalued d flipflop was used as the core component to design fourvalued synchronous reversible counter which has reset function .	基于可逆方案的特点 , 采用了四项核心组件 , 设计了四个可逆逆逆逆逆逆逆反反方案 。
the court found ms deng guilty of causing injury with intent but freed her without a sentence on the grounds that a " mood disorder " absolved her of criminal responsibility .	法院发现 , 由于法院的伤害 , 但不会对 " 情绪障碍 " 的责任 " 解决她的罪犯责任 。
in addition to representing individuals who have been injured as a result of negligent medical treatment , we also represent the victims of health care fraud and hmo disputes .	另外 , 受伤的个人受伤 , 因此 , 我们也代表了健康灾害和血液灾害的暴力 。
objective: to investigate the feasibility and potential roles of targetcontrolled propofol infusion in combination with enflurane inhalation in the oral and maxillofacial surgery .	目的:探讨目标调节目标注射液在正常性和宏观性手术中的可行性和潜在作用 。
the major findings of this research were listed as follows: the elementary school special education teachers in kaohsiung and pingtung areas were willing to use technology integration ;	本研究的主要发现:在kohung和png地区的基本教育教师 , 将使用技术集成 ;
rob patz , kristen stewart and the rest of the gang are already filming the third movie in the twilight series eclipse in canada . eclipse is due out in may 2010 .	罗伯·帕茨 , 克里斯蒂夫和其余的照片已经在加拿大第三部电影中拍摄第三部电影 。 eclipse是由于2010年5月的 。
article 16 the state science and technology commission shall , jointly with other departments concerned , inspect at regular intervals the new and high technology industries development zones .	第16条国家科技委员会 , 与其他部门相关 , 正常对新技术工业开发区进行检查 。
the influences of managerial culture on employee's work motivations are regarded widely , but there isn't an exercisable framework on relations between culture and work motivations till now .	经营文化对员工动机的工作动机的影响 , 但目前还没有一个很好的框架 , 在文化和工作动机之间的关系 。
it is tough work for the multinational crew of 30 in this roughandready little boat , prettified below deck with posters of orangutans and sunflowers painted in the toilets .	这个罗山30号的多边船 , 前往往东南和太阳花绘制的后面 , 装置了太阳花 。
gold has weakened its link to other commodities this year , managing to rise strongly in the first half while oil and copper slipped . this reflects its increasing value as a currency play .	黄金在今年的其他商品 , 经营的第一半 , 同时 , 这反映其作为货币的增加价值 。
they're breaking out of the conventional life pattern go to school , fall in love , get married , buy a house , have babies...instead , they've skipped some steps and added others .	他们从传统生活模式中挖掘出来 , 爱 , 获得婚姻 , 购买了一个家庭......
chained data structure keep hitset by its llength . it does not need to create ancestor nodes , so it can reduce the saving of none hitset and the room of matching the patterns .	链接数据结构 , 通过它的nitth , 它不需要创建祖先节点 , 因此它可以减少其存储和匹配模式的存储室 。
once you're in proper position you need to relax your drawingside arm muscles . remember that this is easiest when your drawwrist is kept straight and forearm muscles are relaxed .	一旦你需要放松你的手臂肌肉 , 记得这么简单 , 当你的画家保持直线和前臂肌肉的时候 , 你需要重新放松你的画面 。
separately , toyota said monday it has expanded a u . s . service campaign for leaking oil hoses to cover 934 , 000 vehicles with sixcylinder engines .	另外 , 托尼塔说 , 周一已经扩大了美国服务运动 , 为了减少了934 , 000辆车辆和六辆车辆的车辆 。
but it it requires that i pull out a book to understand more of the topic , or exchange numerous emails with the sender to figure out more details about the problem , i simply do not have the time .	然而 , 要求我推出一本书 , 或者交换数字邮件 , 给出了更多关于问题的细节 , 我只是没有时间 。
in the current issue of natural history , yale professor frank a . beach tells how lower primates can learn to love money ; some even turn into subhuman capitalists .	在自然历史上的问题 , yal教授弗兰克 , 美丽的告诉如何学习更低的资本主义者 , 甚至有些转变为亚洲资本主义者 。
getting independent news from north korea is extremely rare but china correspondent damian grammaticas has travelled to the border to meet north koreans who have recently escaped .	朝鲜独立新闻非常罕见 , 但中国正确的丹麦格拉斯在接触北韩的朝鲜人 , 最近已经逃避朝鲜人 。
therefore , in order to ensure to fairly deal with cases of arbitration , national arbitration legislation and civil legislation , all have the system of judicial supervision of arbitral awards .	因此 , 为了保证仲裁案件、国家仲裁立法和民事立法制度的制度 , 具有仲裁的司法监督体系 。
his father , alois , is thought to have been the illegitimate offspring of a maid and a 19yearold jewish man . this would have made the man who inspired the holocaust onequarter jewish .	他的父亲 , 阿洛斯 , 被认为是男子和一个19岁的犹太人 , 这会使男子一次受受到荣誉的犹太人 。
rights groups say government troops killed at least 41 civilians tuesday throughout syria , including 20 in an assault on the central protest hub of helfaya .	右方组织说 , 政府军队至少有41名民主党 , 包括20名中央抗议者胡锦涛 。
a local official tells the newspaper that in response to demand , the oneday tour will include a visit to beichuan high school , where students were buried in the rubble .	一个当地官员告诉北京高校的报纸 , 一个旅游将包括访问北京高中 , 学生在ruble中建立的报道 。
as luck would have it , there happens to be a woman out there named belle with a heart big enough to share with unfortunatelooking people such as the beast , and she's not too bad to look at either .	正如幸运会有一个女人 , 有一个名叫贝尔的女人 , 同时 , 比如东方的人 , 她也不会看其他人 。
if only the xmx setting is used , 25% of the xmx value is used for the maximum nursery size , and the size of the nursery is permitted to grow and shrink within that 25% .	如果只使用xmx设置 , 25%的xmx值用于最大护理尺寸 , 护理大小可达25% 。
the other is a conflict that america did not seek ; one in which we are joined by 42 other countries including norway in an effort to defend ourselves and all nations from further attacks .	另外 , 美国并没有寻求 , 另一方面我们参加了42个国家的努力 , 以及进一步攻 。
one dollar store had not open yet , so i went into no frills . its dish detergent was expensive , so i picked up two cups of yogurt and told the cashier gave me some quarters .	一个美元商店还没有开放 , 所以我进入不燃烧 , 所以我拍了两杯瑜伽 , 告诉摄影师给我一些季节 。
in the framework of this request , cen and cenelec will develop one or several horizontal standard containing generic requirements applicable to various types of energyrelated products .	在此请求的框架下 , cen和cenec将开发一个或几个医疗标准 , 适用于各类能源相关产品 。
the method is divided into two working procedures when in the lighting wheel integrated processing , i . e . , the surface cut is a former procedure and the extrusion processing is a latter procedure .	在光轮集成处理过程中分为两项工作程序 , 表面切割是前面处理过程 , 实现过程是一个后面处理过程 。
blake said that on june 2 there will be both privatesector and government meetings , including the u . s . india business council , which will be holding its 35th annual meeting .	布莱克说 , 在6月2日 , 会议和政府会议 , 包括美国印度商务委员会议 , 这将持有35个年度会议 。
telemarketers will not be permitted to call any of the numbers on the national donotcall list , unless they already have an existing business relationship with the consumer or individual .	尽管他们已经与消费者或个人相关的商业关系相关 , 除非他们已经有一个现有的商业关系 。
brazil's drought is limited to isolated areas ; with the exception of rio grande do sul and parana , where irreversible damage appears to be widespread throughout the state .	巴西的药物有限于分离区域 , 随着丰富的玉米和巴拉那 , 没有可逆的损害似乎被广泛应用 。
an even more hazardous device , popular in america , was the instantaneous light boxa bottle filled with sulphuric acid into which splints treated with chemicals were dipped .	美国人口的一种更加危险的设备 , 是通过化学物质的化学物质 , 被拆除的化学物质 。
and in the dream she was told by a lady by the name of nice virtures accomplished that some tibetans could also see the contents of the website in the lake just as through a computer monitor screen .	在梦想中 , 她在梦想中告诉了一名名叫 , 一些组织人也可以看到湖泊的内容 , 只是通过计算机监视屏幕 。
tacit knowledge is the highly individual knowledge that has accumulated a wealth of experience and can't make a systematic exposition , that is , can be sensed , but not explained in words .	任务知识是个人知识的高度个体知识 , 具有体验丰富的财富并不能让系统解释 , 但不能在词中解释 。
this type of scenario usually occurs when clevel executives who want to drive business and it change across the enterprise provide proactive sponsorship to aid their strategic agendas .	本类型的屏幕通常发生在要驱动业务的时候 , 并在企业提供有效的空间来避免他们的战略原因 。
utilising wild country's 'extended eps system' – the 360 offers market leading front , side and rear impact protection , making it one of the safest helmets available .	利用野生国家的 " 严重的睡眠系统 " -360提供了市场领先 , 反应保护 , 使它是最满意的肝炎之一 。
beijing ya wen sheng ya painting art sales center was founded in 1995 , hall established the world's largest artist communitiesbeijing songzhuang artist village .	1995年 , 北京市艺术品销售中心建立了世界上最大的艺术家社区 。
membership in oaspa is open to both scholar publishers and professional publishing organizations , including university presses and for profit and nonprofit organizations .	奥萨帕的成员开放了学者和专业出版组织 , 包括大学媒体和非利益组织 。
these specialists know how to operate the diagnostic and treatment equipment used in that particular branch of medicine , but they are also trained in emergency intervention techniques such as cpr .	这些专家知道如何操作cpr的诊断和治疗设备 , 但它们也在紧急干预技术等 。
the waterfire tube boiler with threestructure assembling is a new idea of dzl type hot water boilers . twostep series inject technology is applied in this type boiler recently .	近年来 , 采用三种结构组装箱 , 是一种新思想 , 两步的工艺应用于此类型锅炉中 。
six months later , donations allow a bridge to be built between the two mountains and wawa finally gets to walk to school , wearing the boots his sister wanted to give to him .	后来六个月 , 捐赠允许一个桥梁 , 两个山之间的墙终于走到学校 , 穿着靴子的妹妹 。
the cold spell in the northwestern cupped both the invasion and retain a subtropical air temperature and humidity , is a typical north to the warm temperate subtropical climate transition .	北西北部的冷速 , 保持一个潜在空气温和湿度 , 是一个典型的温暖气候变化 。
it is studied further that the dissolubility of the bismuthous sulfide in the solutions of the nonoxidative strong acid through the experiment by means of chemical thermodynamics .	通过化学热力学试验 , 研究了非氧化强酸的溶液溶液溶液溶液溶液的溶解性 。
this paper analyses the reason , harm and forming process distortion of the rotor winding on the end of turbogenerators with various kinds in frequent cyclic operation and suggests preventive measure .	本文分析了各类循环运行的结论 , 提出了预防循环运行的预防措施 。
mcdonald's spokeswoman told the wall street journal last week the company couldn't rule out the possibility of replacing osi as a supplier over the long term .	上周 , mcdal的发言人说 , 华尔街报告说 , 公司的可能性不能在长期供应商的可能性 。
as a rule , the trend will turn up in the middle of the third week and close higher at the end of the third week , the stock only moving 3 weeks against the main trend .	随着第三周末 , 这个趋势将在第三周内转变趋势 , 在第三周末 , 股市只有3周 。
cla shows a remarkable anticancer effect and offers other nutritional benefits . this paper discusses cla's multiple physiological multifunctionality and its pathogenesis .	阐述了一种可靠的抗药效果 , 给出其它营养效应 , 讨论cla的多功能多功能及其病因 。
japan's osaka sangyo university released an official apology on june 10 because one employee called the confucius institute a cultural intelligence agency .	日本大学公布了6月10日的官方博客 , 因为一名员工称 , 中国文化智能机构 。
the first stirrings of a backlash have already been felt about the socalled " olympic lanes " that will whisk 18 , 000 athletes and officials around the capital during the games .	在游戏期间 , 第一次被认为是 " 奥运会灯 " 的第一条铁路 , 将在比赛中获得18 , 000名官员和官员 。
there was very significant difference in bacteria number between group i and group ii . the efficacy of cleaning hand with xiaodulin was obviously superior to that of washing hand with suds .	小血液清洗手术中细菌数量和组iiii的显著差异 , 清洁手术的效果明显优于hd的洗手术 。
in a young woman with no physical findings indicating malignancy , the patient should return 3 to 10 days after the next menstruation begins to determine if the lump regresses .	在年轻妇女没有物理发现显示恶性 , 患者应该返回3到10天后 , 决定肺回归 。
comprehensive randomized controlled spa intervention studies with longer followup periods may be helpful in further delineating the therapeutic efficacy of balneotherapy in as patients .	综合性随机控制空间干预研究 , 可进一步探讨balneota治疗效果 。
i understand that in all circumstances during the period of my stay in chinaas a volunteer , the sowers action will not be held liable for any issues or incidents arose out of my other capacities .	我知道 , 在我在我所住的时期 , 中国的志愿者的时期 , 南方行动不会在任何问题或事件中举行任何问题 。
one of the most handy menu entries in gnome is the connect to server entry in the places menu . this allows the user to connect to nearly any type of server quickly and easily .	在gnome中的一个最手工菜单之一是在地方菜单中发送的连接 , 这允许用户接近任何类型服务器快速连接 。
at the foot of the mountains , international kindergarten attached to sun yatsen university is situated in a pleasant environment with a good view of fabulous sights .	在山上 , 国际类型的攻击 , 位于阳光大学 , 位于一个很好的环境 。
conclusions . use of 3 induced sputum samples was more sensitive than use of 3 gastric washings for diagnosis of tuberculosis in patients who could not expectorate spontaneously .	结论 , 采用3种诱导血清样品的敏感性比3例胃癌患者的诊断更加敏感 。
his eastern policies mainly focused on alliances with tartars of mongolia , aiming to consolidate its position of power within rus and gain stable status during the fight against the west .	他的东方政策主要集中在蒙古亚的合作 , 旨在考虑其在俄罗斯和加强稳定状态 。
we took lots of pictures as we drove through texas , new mexico , arizona , california , nevada , utah , colorado , nebraska , and all the way into minnesota .	我们用很多照片 , 新墨西哥 , 加拿大 , 新加州 , 加拿大 , 卡利福尼亚 , 科罗拉多 , 纽约 , 所有的途径都进了尼苏达州 。
but it reflects the fact that , like past world’s fairs , the shanghai expo is intended mainly to impress a domestic audience – well over 90 percent of visitors come from the host country .	但它反映了过去世界公平的事实 , 上海博会主要是印象国内观众 , 90%的访客来自主国 。
on the day of the marathon i started well , but after half marathon i developed muscle cramps on both legs which caused me to fall on the tarmac , which caused my right knee to be badly bruised .	在马拉松的时候 , 我开始很好 , 但是我在两腿上开发肌肉裂纹 , 导致我的右膝损伤 , 导致我的右膝损伤 。
two israelis , shai pollicker , a medical engineer , and dr . edy soffer , a prominent gastroenterologist , joined a seattlebased engineering team to help with the design .	上海邮政工程师 , 医疗工程师 , edyof博士 , 一名专业气候学家 , 加入了一个基于安全工程团队帮助设计 。
phoebe looks out the window dubiously . “this reminds me of that movie where the family in an rv pulls into a little town and the mutants come out at night and eat them . ”	照片看着窗口 , " 这是我在一个小镇里 , 家庭在夜间吃饭 。 "
based on the implementation of a strategy aimed at technological innovation , china should step up exploration and development in order to secure more reserves and to reduce exposure to oil imports .	根据技术创新的实施 , 中国应加快探索和发展 , 减少油气进口 。
witnesses and security camera video of the gunmen built a portrait of them as young men dressed in jeans and trendy tshirts , bearing rucksacks and guns .	游客和安全摄像机视频 , 作为年轻男人在日本和趋势的年轻男子 , 熊猫和枪击 。
one generalpurpose eigenvalue routine , a singleshift complex qz algorithm not in linpack or eispack , was developed for all complex and generalized eigenvalue problems .	针对linpa或eispack的单移动qz算法不在linpack或eispack中开发 , 开发了所有复杂和通用的基因问题 。
in the recent years , researchers have made their studies of european work satisfaction from its relation with work agreement , worktime , marriage and family status , gender and age , and work autonomy .	近年来 , 研究人员对欧洲工作满意度、工作时间、婚姻状况、年龄、年龄、年龄、年龄和工作人员的研究进行了研究 。
wellheeled shoppers and alfresco diners keep the place busy until late , and if you are looking for a memorable meal or a browse through some of shanghai's more fashionable shops , this is the place .	酒店和汽车餐厅 , 直到晚些时尚餐店 , 如果你看上海更多的时尚店 , 这是地方的地方 。
in order to improve the production efficiency of the clothing manufacturing industry , it must combine the body measure , pattern design and clothing making of traditional clothing production .	为提高工业生产效率 , 必须结合传统的衣服服服生产效率 。
the related expenses incurred for the transfer of technology will not be qualified as tax deduction items unless the corresponding contract is approved by the relevant authorities .	由于相关的权限 , 技术转移的相关费用不会被相关合同的税务减少项目批准 。
currently the mixing proportion of shieldmortar usually use orthogonal test , the shortcomings of which lie in the need of lots of experiments and inevitable much waste of time and money .	目前 , 产量的混合性比例通常使用正交试验 , 许多实验的需求和可避免的废物 。
among sugarsweetened beverages , cutting out just 1 serving daily was associated with a weight loss of 1 . 1 pounds at 6 months and 1 . 4 pounds at 18 months .	在糖尿病的平均中 , 每天只有1.1磅和18个月的重量损失1.4磅 。
china has very serious disaster of frozen and permafrost , therefore , effective and longterm monitor of frozen and permafrost is significant to provide reference information for potential disaster .	因此 , 中国有很严重的灾难 , 因此 , 冻结和长期监测器对潜在灾难提供了重要的参考 。
the biological features of lycopene , such as molecular structure , metabolism , tissue distribution and its anti cancer function and possible mechanism are reviewed .	综述了生物学特点 , 比如分子结构、组织分布、抗癌功能和可能机制 。
results: the direct manifestations included bile duct truncation in 9 cases , irregular eccentrical or endocentric narrow in 9 cases , and irregular filling defect in 1 case .	结果:直接表现为9例 , 无规则的中心或内心狭窄 , 无常规填补缺1例 。
editra allows you to navigate menus without mousing with its menu mnemonics , automatically checks for updates during startup and allows you to set preferred fonts in your preferences .	编辑器允许您在启动期间设置fonmonic , 自动检查自动检查 , 并允许您在您的优先前设置fonet 。
the simulated high head with large vertical velocity of gravitycurrent , the large velocity of underrun and the dense isentropes in the front are closely consistent with those observed .	采用大型垂直速度模拟高头 , 前面的密度与密度相关 。
proponents of gm foods argue using biotechnology in the production of food products has many benefits: it speeds up the process of breeding plants and animals with desired characteristics ;	利用生物技术的生物工艺 , 生产生物工艺具有很好的效果:饲养植物和动物的生物工艺 ;
called up for military service , mr . marokvia spent the war as an illustrator for the wehrmacht , applying brush and pencil in ukraine , italy , finland and yugoslavia .	马克维亚在英国、意大利、意大利、意大利、意大利、澳大利、芬兰和伊拉维亚的警告中称为军事服务 。
the stronger one must drive out the devil with beelzebub , as the saying goes , to present a dose of countermagic in order to neutralize and overcome that which supports established rule .	为了支持建立规则的规则 , 更强的一定程度 , 为了目前为止 , 支持建立的规则 。
it follows that there is an absolute artistic criterion which means that the unique feelings of every individual is empathized by every other individual through images that can't be duplicated .	这意味着每个个单独的感觉 , 每个个个个个人都可以通过图像复制 。
iran said the worm was used to attack computers at its bushehr nuclear reactor . there has been widespread speculation that stuxnet actually damaged the plant , something iran denies .	伊朗说 , 木材用来攻击它的核反应器 , 有很多广泛的规则 , 一些伊朗的东西 。
compared with chaos shift keying , mdcsk has an advantage that multilevel digital signals can be encrypted , by using multiscroll encryption parameters .	通过多层数字信号来实现多层数字信号的多层数字信号 。
this paper explores key issues related to innovation in libraries including the nature , the barriers , and the nays to adopt and implement innovative strategies successfully .	本文探讨了自然的关键问题 , 包括自然、自然和实施的创新策略 , 并成功利用和实施创新策略 。
the code from hsqldbutil . runscripttool was refactored to create a method named launch , which gets the project , main class name and commandline arguments as method parameters .	由hsqldbut.runcriprototool反映了一个方法名称启动的方法 , 获得项目、主要类和命令行参数作为参数 。
russia's twotime olympic pole vault champion and world record holder yelena isinbayeva announced early sunday she is to take an indefinite break from the sport .	俄罗斯的两次奥运会和世界记录者的奥运会 , 她早期宣布她是从体育中获得一个无限的破坏 。
trade secrets law can be regarded as the interests distribution and juristic selections and integration between public interests of the society and the monopoly interests of trade secrets owners .	贸易秘诀法可作为社会和贸易部门之间的利益分布和司法选择之间的公共利益和贸易部门利益 。
taliban fighters appear to have been prepared to blow up large numbers of people in order to assassinate a single target , such as a highranking government official or police chief .	塔利班飞机似乎被制造成大量的人 , 为了增加单目标 , 比如政府官员或警察首席 。
soft x ray microscopy is a microimaging technique using soft x ray as illuminative source . it fills the gap between optical and electron microscopy .	软线性微镜是一种利用软雷达作为光学和电子微镜之间的微观成像技术 , 填充了光学和电子微镜之间的差异 。
weifang threepower group co . , ltd . is a high and new technology manufacturer , which professionally manufacture tobacco extracts , solanesol and nicotine two big series .	广东三层集团有限公司是一家高新技术制造商 , 专业生产烟草萃取、太阳等系列 。
in order to improve the correct rate of eye locating , an algorithm for the refinement of face boundaries and a multilevel eye detection scheme are included in this method .	为了提高眼位置的正确率 , 为了提高面边界的限制和多层眼检测方案 。
abstract : objective oral mucosa irritation and subcutaneous implantation tests were launched to study the histocompatibility of microarc oxidized zrcualag bulk metallic glass .	摘要:探讨微氧化锌金属玻璃的临床可靠性 。
former arsenal midfielder gilberto has tipped denilson , his successor in the heart of the gunners' midfield , to receive a callup from the brazil national team .	前阿森纳中场gilberto已经停止了丹尼森 , 他的成功者在枪手中场的心中场 , 接受巴西国家队的呼吁 。
among the few c . i . a . officials who knew thedetails of the detention and interrogation program , there was a tense debateabout where to draw the line in terms of treatment .	在一些c.i中 , 一个官员知道死亡和内部程序的详细的官员 , 有一个紧张的辩论方案 。
the opening titles inform us that in 1860 , after the collapse of the tokugawa dynasty , samurai were left unemployed and wandered the countryside in search of work .	在1860年代 , 萨姆·萨伊被留下了失业 , 并带领了国内搜索工作的核心 。
i feel much gratitude and deeply indebted to the grand master for his vision , devotion , dana , and diligence to bring buddhism to the u . s . a . and to all sentient beings .	我感到很多灰色 , 深刻地把自己的视觉、死亡、尊重、尊重和尊重为美国的佛教主义 。
simon ellson , a security expert for antivirus computer firm norton , emphasised that it's crucial to change passwords frequently and avoid repetitions in them .	imoneonellson , 一位抗病毒公司诺顿的安全专家 , 强调它改变密码频繁 , 避免重新重复 。
through experimental measurements , the surface treatment of steel smoke is only 0 . 008 relative reflectance , absorption device can be used as ideal inside coating material .	通过实验测量 , 钢烟的表面处理只有0.008相对反射 , 吸收设备可以作为理想涂料 。
jing literary school's imagery is a special flay phenomenon in the stage of china traditional culfure's changing into modem culture , and it has a special aesthetic value .	京文学院的图像是中国传统文化的特殊现象 , 在中国传统文化的变化阶段 , 具有特殊的美学价值 。
the feudal provincial system is the original creation of han wudi on the basis of the successful experiences of the systems for supervision and control of the officials in qin and han dynasties .	本论文系统是秦朝官员官员控制系统的成功经验的基础 。
after the meeting , another blogger , zhou shuguang , shared his impressions: 'it shows that the u . s . government and beijing have totally different ways of working . in the u . s .	在会议之后 , 美国政府和北京政府的另一个博客 , 张圭共享他的印象: " 这表明 , 美国政府和北京必须有不同的办法 。
to promote the applications of ferrites in those areas , it is necessary to synthesize monodisperse superparamagnetic nanostructured ferrites particles with high saturation magnetization .	为了促进这些区域的恐怖应用 , 同时合成了高饱和磁化颗粒合成的超磁场 。
methods examine the 34 patients with ultrasonic b and the mirror for anterior chamber angle , then extractive the foreign body in the anterior chamber angle under the eye speculum .	方法对34例超声b和反室角的镜像角度进行检查 , 提取外体角度 。
malaysian prime minister abdullah badawi is facing calls for his resignation , after his ruling coalition lost critical ground to opposition parties in general elections .	马来西亚总理阿卜拉·巴达威尔正面对他的反对 , 他的规则失去了关键地位 。
in the movie before the rain , the photographer who has gone through the difficulties of war in bosniaherzogovina utters nonsense as he throws away the film which won him an award .	在雨水之前 , 摄影师们通过波尼亚大陆战争的困难 , 正如他走向电影 , 赢得他奖赏的影片 。
in this paper , the structureactivity relationships and pharmacological properties of the resveratrol derivatives as a potent chemopreventive agent are reviewed and discussed .	综述了转化剂的结构活性和物理性能 , 探讨了一种潜在化学代理剂的研究 。
article 399 agent's obligation to follow instruction ; deviation from instruction the agent shall handle the entrusted affair in accordance with the instruction of the principal .	第三十九条代理的宗教 , 应按照原则指令的规定 。
since then , our bilateral relations have made remarkable achievements thanks to efforts of both sides . the two countries have had frequent contacts at the top and other levels .	由此 , 我们的双边关系对两方努力的努力 , 两国都在顶级和其他级别相互联系 。
in recent years , radix puerariae powder , whose comprehensive value in use has been improved gradually became significant officinal and raw material for industry production .	近年来 , 雷迪克·普利亚诗人 , 在使用的综合价值逐步改善了正式和原料工业生产的重要价值 。
the enlistment of a citizen eligible for enlistment may be deferred if he is the only worker in his family providing its means of substance or if he is a student in a fulltime school .	如果他家庭提供物质或是他是一个完全学校的学生的学生 。
as a result , the thick of branches has great effect on youg trees . it has direct relation with its survival rate , growing conditions as well as commercial rate of young fig trees .	因此 , 分枝的厚度对青树的影响 , 具有直接的生存率、增长条件和商业率的直接关系 。
this study described the quantitative simulation of exciting conduction velocity affection on cardiac rhythm with three dimensions realistic torsoheart geometry models .	本论文介绍了三维对心血液流动物模型的定量仿真模拟 。
two kinds of typical clonal growth architectures , guerilla and phalanx in potaninia mongolica maxim . , which are regarded as the best material in researching clone population .	两种典型的临床生长建筑 , 古拉利亚和墨西哥 , 作为研究克隆人口的最佳材料 。
libeskind is the master planner behind the redevelopment of new york's world trade center site , which is expected to face years of delays and significant cost overruns .	利比斯坦是纽约世界贸易中心的最大规划家 , 希望面临多年的延迟和重要成本 。
the glass free ampoule is comprised of a onepiece molded polyethylene or polypropylene unit that remains intact and sealed until activated by the user .	玻璃自由反应组成的api-乙烯或聚丙烯单元 , 直到用户激活 。
aiming at the problems in chinese medicine education at that time , " the letter from five wellknown scholars " was an effort to keep the principal part nature of chinese medicine education .	针对我国医学教育的问题 , " 五名著名学者 " 是我国医学教育的主要内容 。
joel and rachel hoffman , who had been working for the charity mennonite central committee in the country for four months , suffered minor injuries in the earthquake .	乔尔和拉克·霍夫曼在四个月内 , 受到地震伤害的负责人 。
compared with that of the world , china's incidence of tooth decay is not high among students of primary and secondary schools . more prominent however , is the lack of its timely treatment .	与此同样 , 中国太年12月的事件并不高于第二学校的学生 , 更重要的治疗 , 是其时间治疗的缺乏 。
the u . s . population has been growing about 1 percent yearly since 1950 , and nearly 40 percent of that growth is due to foreignborn individuals coming into the united states .	自1950年以来 , 美国人口已经增长约1% , 近40% , 由于外国人口进入美国 。
noneuro countries highlighted the damage the european crisis was already doing to their economies and underlined the urgent need for action by the 17nation single currency area .	欧洲危机的危机已经为他们的经济 , 通过17个国家的单一货币投资 , 使欧洲危机减少 。
apparent nitrogen digestibility exhibits quadratic curve relationship with dietary ip levels and the highest n digestibility occurs in 18 . 07% ip diet .	随着饮食ip水平和最高的n消化率发生在18.07%的ipod饮食量的差异性 。
" in addition , gillian also revealed that during the visit , at all shooting off in many films , most enjoy are " beyond our ken " , she even had the film was nominated for best actress golden .	" 另外 , 吉利亚还在访问期间展示 , 在很多影片中 , 大多数享受我们的厨房 " , 她甚至有电影 , 甚至有最佳的压力金 。
rc has always been steadily developing and abided the principle of winwin . in the variational industry and market , they are trying to take on flourishing vigor and a steady ascend .	rc总是逐步发展 , 抽取赢得的原则 , 在变化行业和市场上 , 他们正试图采取流动视频和稳定的建议 。
other presidents , notably lincoln , were prepared in emergency circumstances to violate the constitution , as when lincoln suspended habeas corpus at the outset of the civil war ;	其他总统林肯 , 在民间战争中制备的紧急环境 , 正如林肯支持哈布斯公司的外部 。
american said in the u . s . borrow money on life , the car can not sell because the old lady and filled with goose six " economic crisis " is finally the haze has been wiped out .	美国人士说 , 在美国银行贷款中 , 汽车不能卖 , 因为老人和gooi6 " 危机 " 最终被拖出 。
we need to make clear the connection between animal research and a grandmother's hip replacement , a father's bypass operation a baby's vaccinations , and even a pet's shots .	我们需要清晰动物研究与一个祖母hip相关的连接 , 父亲通过婴儿的疫苗 , 甚至宠物的购物 。
conclusion:the risk factors for graft failure after pk were corneal vascularization , regraft , aphakia or pseudophakia , presence of anterior or posterior synechia .	结论:pk患者冠状血清、鼻窦炎、腹腔炎、术后或腹腔炎的危险因素 。
almost everything in this temple of consumption , including its lavish layouts and the celebrities who now most often adorn its covers , 35 ) hinges on stuff for sale .	几乎所有的消费品 , 包括它的劳动灯 , 现在大多数商品都经常为其销售 。
" virtually every part of the industry , from upstream to downstream , is completely indonesian: the farmers , the factory owners and workers , the distributors , the sellers and the market , " he said .	他说: " 几乎所有的工业 , 从上游到下游 , 完全是印度:农民、工厂主、销售商、销售商、销售商、销售商、销售商、销售商和销售商 。 "
milan are not dismantling . until today , aside from others who didn't play much , players like emerson and senderos have left , as well as shevchenko and mattioni who haven't been reclaimed .	米兰今天不会出现 , 除了其他人 , 比如阿森和塞尔斯的球员之外 , 还有艾滋病和艾滋病毒 , 还有艾滋病毒和艾滋病毒 。
by analyzing cases of landscape architecture design , the meaning of literature rhetoric which is used for reference is illustrated , such as hyperbole , figuration and symbolization .	通过对景观建筑设计的分析 , 阐述了用户参考的文学恐怖机理 , 例如超bole、配置和象征的意义 。
in order to donate pollen to recipient stigmas efficiently , animalpollinated plants have evolved a variety of floral characteristics . pollen presentation schedule is one of them .	为了有效地捐赠贫困 , 动物聚合物的植物 , 进化了各种颜色特征 , 污染物是它们之一 。
i admit that i was disappointed to read the uefa motivations after they decided to readmit us to the tournament , but i don't believe that we will encounter any additional obstacle for this reason .	我承认我在他们决定阅读我们的旅游之后 , 但我不相信我们会遇到任何额外的障碍 。
penny hardaway scored 22 points , including the gamewinning shot with three seconds left , as the orlando magic defeated the defending champion houston rockets 9290 .	peny硬盘扫描了22点 , 其中包括三秒左右的比赛 , 正如奥兰格魔法失败了奥林匹克斯顿90年 。
" people who would otherwise be in cds or ultrasafe assets are taking greater risks , " says martin fridson , global credit strategist , bnp paribas investment partners .	全球信贷策略师bnpribas投资伙伴说: " 在csd或超级资产中 , 人们正在采取更大的风险 。 "
one of them is land for unused , which will increase the forest coverage rate 4 . 1 percentage points . waterfront , roads , farmland and other green potential between 1 . 919 . 27 percentage points .	其中一个岛屿之一 , 将增加森林覆盖率为4.1% , 水路 , 农场和其他绿色潜力 。
in the case of the novelists , the romantic vision tended to express itself in the form hawthorne called the " romance , " a heightened , emotional , and symbolic form of the novel .	在小说的情况下 , 浪漫的视觉将自身表达为 " 浪漫 " 的 " 浪漫 " 、情感、情感、情感形式 " 的形式 。
" the most successful one was the first that was held in houston , texas in 2005 , during which we received more than us$20 million , " lang recalled , " the number exceeded all our expectations . "	" 最成功的一个是 , 在2005年 , 我们收到了2000万美元 , " 数量超过我们的期望 。 "
" really , it's nothing now for me to deal with these small injuries like hamstring or groin strains – i can understand them , " the 26yearold told the official matchday programme .	" 实际上 , 现在我不会与这些小型的伤害 , 我可以理解他们 , " 26岁的官方赛季告诉他们 。
from aix 5 . 2 , setting n to b or higher changes the memory layout — it no longer uses segments d and f for shared libraries and allows them to be used for native storage or mmapping .	从aix5.2中 , 设置n或更高的内存层 , 它不再使用分享库 , 并允许他们用于地方存储或mmapp 。
but now , if we were to fix upon this one aspect of the counter culture — its mystic tendencies and principled funkiness — we would not be doing justice to the deep ambiguity of the movement .	但现在 , 如果我们正在固定这个国家文化的一个方面 , 那么它的神话密度和原则的功能 , 我们不会对运动深刻的影响 。
the houston metro system has successfully tested the breathe safe system , which uses ultraviolet germicidal irradiation to kill up to 99 percent of certain types of bacteria .	本系统已成功地测试了某种细菌类型的安全系统 , 使用超暴光辐射法杀死了9%的菌类 。
but although justice souter's dedication and integrity were beyond reproach , his hermetically sealed approach to the job limited his influence on the court and outside of it .	但是 , 尽管正义的决策和整体性都在反复 , 但他的历史上对工作的影响了他的影响 , 但他对其法庭和外部的影响 。
eat: food rich in this mineral and therefore beneficial for arians to include in their diet are: tomatoes , beans , brown rice , lentils , walnuts , olives and onions .	吃饭:食物丰富 , 因此 , 包括食物 , 豆 , 酵母 , 酵母 , 酵母 , 柠檬汁 , 橄榄 , 橄榄和洋葱 。
jennifer li , baidu's finance director , said: " baidu , the chinese music fans , recording artists and the record companies will all benefit from this winwin partnership . "	中国音乐家、记录艺术家、记录记录者、记录记录记录者、记录记录记录者和记录公司都有利于赢家伙伴关系 。
for example , long distance telephone lines were expensive to install , and the first company to do so , a . t . &t . , wound up being the only provider of long distance service in the united states .	例如 , 长距离电话线是安装的第一家公司 , 第一家公司为美国提供商提供长距离服务 。
taking secondary board market as its researching object , the thesis analyzes the catalogs , characteristics and targets of trading mechanisms by means of theoretical and empirical perspectives .	通过理论和实现角度分析了传统机制的研究对象 , 分析了传统机制、特点和目标 。
patients in the immune clearance and reactivation phases , with elevated alanine aminotransferase and hbv dna levels , are candidates for antiviral therapy .	在免疫清晰和反应阶段的患者 , 随着乙酰氨基酶和hbvdna水平 , 为抗病毒治疗 。
at present , the little swan in the fourthclass city , second only to sales of haier , accounted for 13% , it is apparent that the company's future performance will be greatly improved .	目前 , 在第四个城市 , 第二次销售商只有13% , 公司的未来性能将显著改善 。
the provisions of subparagraphs 1 , 13 and 19 of paragraph 1 need not apply where an issuer has engaged a securities underwriter to publicly underwrite its ordinary corporate bonds .	亚图1 , 13年和19名参议员申请的证券 , 公认其普通公司债券 。
some things that we have left to do are for example jsp tag library support in gsp , possible support for jpa as a plugin , and improvements to our unit testing infrastructure .	例如 , 在gsp中的jsp标签库支持中 , 可以支持jpa作为plugin , 并提高我们的单位基础设施 。
the product which has a rich flavour and buttery texture is traditionally a christmas delicacy in france , though it is eaten more widely in the south of the country throughout the year .	尽管在法国南部的基督制度越来越广泛 , 但它在法国南部的南方吃得更广泛 。
again this highlights the importance of decision making , composure and passing ability as the player will need to know when to run with the ball or get rid of it , careful not to be caught on the ball .	另外 , 这个高度的决策 , 复合能力 , 作为球员运行的能力 , 必须知道球员 , 心理不会导致球员 。
“sitting close to the television may not make a child nearsighted , but a child may sit close to the television because he or she is nearsighted and undiagnosed , ” she reports .	她报告说: " 坐在电视台附近的孩子 , 但孩子们可以坐在电视台上 , 因为他或她附近的照顾和不诊断 , " 她报道 。
in order to cooperate happily , lou sheng promised to help kushima takahira out of baoding sales channels , to help lou sheng longping island boarded the baoding ruling position .	为了合作幸福 , 路透沈承诺帮助kushikara从销售渠道 , 帮助路透长期的洪水运行位置 。
the last time such a large ice island formed was in 1962 when the ward hunt ice shelf calved an island . smaller pieces of that chunk became lodged between real islands inside nares strait .	最后 , 这个大冰岛形成的是1962年 , 华尔冰覆盖了一个岛屿 , 小块在海岸之间的岛屿之间 。
this article introduces the development and application test of japanese high performance industrial furnaces , such as reheating furnace , heat treatment furnace and smelting furnace etc .	本文介绍了日本高性能燃烧炉的发展和应用 , 例如加热炉、热炉等热处理炉等 。
if a college degree from a school you never see sounds strange , then consider this: the ou is considered britain’s largest university with over 200 , 000 students enrolled .	如果大学毕业生从学校看到声响 , 然后考虑这:英国最大的大学生 , 000名学生环境 。
they lack experience and practical knowledge about the real world , " said yang xiaosong , ceo of an exclusive golf club , as his staff cast a keen eye over hopeful applicants .	他们缺乏经验和实践知识 , " 杨小说 , 作为他的员工 , 他的员工 , 就像他的员工一样 , 人们在希望适应客户 。
and , finally , after years of sanctions by the united states and the international community , a much older but equally combative colonel qaddafi was seemingly rehabilitated by the west .	最后 , 在美国和国际社区 , 一个老的哥伦达菲似乎在西方重新重新重建 。
conclusion under 37°c and protected from light , the kinetics of no released from snp was significantly influenced by the construction and spatial structure of thiols .	结论在37°c和保护照射下 , np的发酵作用显著影响了改性和空间结构的影响 。
all kinds of shortages and regrets of the used motorcycle seatsaddle will be overcome by using " caiyun " special seatcover with the function of solarization and health protection .	利用 " 昆阳 " 特殊海龟特殊海龟特殊海藻的功能和卫生保护功能 。
this five essential factor conformity forms a system , the science operation can produce the good teaching results , this science operation also is the new time teaching innovation specific measures .	这五个重要因素形成了一个系统 , 科学操作可以产生良好的教学效果 , 科学操作也是教学创新特殊措施 。
after this colossal failure , batch stole the remnants of the forces attached to terror and fled to the outer rim territories in his personal imperialclass star destroyer .	在这个颜色失败之后 , 蝙蝠把军队的军队攻击到恐怖分子 , 在他个人印象的星系中 , 战斗击败了 。
from the plm sample , monitor collects the useful information , such as the number of ecr status inquiry transactions in one month , the number of ecrs by status , and so on .	从plm样本中 , 监控器收集了有用的信息 , 例如在一个月内收集ecr状态的数量 , 以及电子数量的电子数量 。
and jun han joint chiefs of staff chairman of the incident 49 minutes after receiving the report , when he was defense minister kim tae in 52 minutes after receiving the report .	在接受报告后 , 韩韩联盟首席工作人员49分钟 , 当他受到52分钟后 , 接受报告 。
the homebased care team consists of several nurses who jump into a small truck every morning and travel out to the community to tend to the health needs of the truly destitute2 .	家庭的护理团队由几名护理组成 , 每天早上跑到社区的健康需求 。
the special sprinkling system of the body cleaner realizes the water spray with more than two states , thereby the body cleaning range and the body cleaning degree of the body cleaner are improved .	实现了两个状态的特殊连接系统 , 提高体清洁度和体清洁度 , 提高体清洁度 。
the scene of their arrival at the airport , with an aircraft landing on the runway and their cages taken out of the plane , was broadcast live on japan's public broadcaster nhk .	日本公共广播的公共广播节目 , 随着飞机的飞机 , 他们的城市在日本公共广播 , 日本公共广播 。
her hair , a golden lock of which had escaped , seemed very thick , but was severely concealed beneath an ugly , tight , close , nunlike cap , tied under the chin .	她的头发 , 一个金色锁着 , 似乎很厚 , 但是很严重的连接着 , 紧紧紧 , 紧紧紧 , 鼻子 , 坐下 。
out of the 150 businesses surveyed , twothirds reported that their groupon promotions were profitable–but the remaining third claimed to have lost money on their groupon experience .	在150个商业调查中 , 两分之三的提升是可靠的 , 还有第三次声称 , 为他们对他们的组织经验失去了贷款 。
andy: yes . but qatar also can wear their silver medals with immense pride , it is really a dark horse , it beat iran in a nailbiting battle in the other semifinal .	是的:是的 , 但是卡塔也可以穿着梅西的银牌 , 真的是黑马 , 在另一半半决赛中 , 就在伊朗 。
some critics , judging the film by its trailers , accused mr . zhang of giving mr . damon a part that should have gone to an asian actor , a practice known as whitewashing .	有些批评家 , 通过其旅行者推出电影 , 张先生应该去亚洲演员 , 一名叫白人 。
fortunately , concepts like extreme programming and agile development have made it possible to get a lot of these same benefits without an entire team of people whacking on your code .	幸运地 , 如极端程序和敏捷发展的概念 , 使得在代码上获得很多利益 , 没有完整的团队 。
under the situation that matrix organize , study style organize and nonboundary organize have mushroomed today , our choice ought to be based on the given circumstance and target .	在矩阵组织的情况下 , 学习类型组织和非边界组织在今天 , 我们选择了基于给定环境和目标的选择 。
the flavoring packet contains many spices , pork rib product and dehydrated spring onion . add some flavoring according to different tastes , the noodles will be delicious and fragrant .	根据不同的味道 , 根据不同的味道 , 味道的味道含有很多的味道 , 酒精产品和脱水剂 。
this capricious double standard hurts the feelings of both liberals and the han people , and in addition , rides roughshod over academic conscience and distorts the true face of history .	此外 , 双标准都伤害了自由人和汉人的感觉 , 另外 , 随着学术精神和争论历史的真实脸 。
this must never be , never whilst this existence continues ; and when time has enrolled us in the list of the departed , surely this friendship will survive to bear our identity to heaven .	这样的朋友们从来不会受到这种现有的继续 ; 当时 , 当时 , 这个朋友们就会保证我们的身份 。
those under 36 love social networking via the mobile and expect to pay for it , however , younger adults expect mobile content—especially music and videos—to be free .	然而 , 那些在36个爱好社会网络 , 希望支付它 , 但是 , 年轻人预期移动内容 , 尤其是音乐和视频 。
the input analog signal is sampled at a very high frequency and the difference between two samplings is quantified to get digital signal , i . e . , sigmadelta code .	输入信号在一个非常高频率和两个样本之间的差异 , 得到数字信号 , i.sigmadelta码 。
for they are a bit like me , i think , without the altered i always have a successful , the personality is the reality , but i like a shadow , let me here , it is really pages of my mistakes ?	对于我来说 , 我认为 , 没有我总是有成功的 , 人格是一个阴影 , 让我 , 真的是我的错误吗 ?
after two decades , 95 percent of the elemental mercury on the surface of a filling had gone through a chemical reaction . it became betamercury sulfide , a blackcolored solid .	在两十年之后 , 85%的元素汞在化学反应的表面上 , 成熟的硫化学反应 , 成为一个黑色固体 。
car parks are located in the basement 1 for 18 park positions and there's an electrical room for emergency diesel generator and electrical devises added to four storages in this floor .	汽车公园位于18公里18公里 , 有一个电室 , 电部门和电子设备添加了四个存储器 。
ustream , the live video streaming service that hit the mainstream recently thanks to a litter of shiba inu puppies , just announced watershed , a new whitelabel streaming video service .	美国生活视频流动服务 , 最近感谢hibau的文学 , 仅宣布了一个新的白色网络服务 。
main products:ac socket , circuit breaker , dc jack , digital switch , dip switch , emi filter , fuse holder , hook switch , key switch , micro switch , push swit...	主要产品:sock、电路断裂器、数字开关、模块开关、模具开关、热开关、关键开关、关键开关、微开关等 。
he has more than 10 years experience in digital media production , working with video , still images and sound . he travels extensively , pursuing longterm projects on social and environment issues .	他在数字媒体生产中经历了10年的经验 , 还有视频和声音 , 传播了长期的项目 , 追求社会和环境问题的长期项目 。
its race derived technology based on castrol's racing history and testing experience ensures optimum engine performance giving increased acceleration under the most arduous riding conditions .	基于castrol的提高历史和测试经验 , 确保最佳的工程性能 , 增加了最高的提高条件 。
the national average price for unleaded gas now tops the fourdollaragallon mark . the highest average prices are in states like alaska , california , connecticut and washington state .	目前 , 国民平均价格的上涨 , 最高平均价格如阿拉克、加州、加州、华盛顿州、华盛顿州 。
however , because of the small size of nanosystems the ordinary external field must be viewed as strong field . that makes the conductivity formula considering nonlinear response very important .	然而 , 由于纳米体系的小型内部场的大小 , 必须视为强烈的领域 , 使导致非线性响应具有重要意义 。
conclusion:a20 gene can protect the h2o2injured endothelial cells , and may pl ay a certain role in the prevention and treatment of diseases related to the ischemiareperfusion .	结论:a20基因可保护h2o2对内皮细胞的影响 , 可能会在预防和治疗疾病有关 。
a method for the determination of 1 , 4dioxane content in alcohol ether sulphates utilizing headspace gas chromatography is discribed . the factor of head space discussed .	讨论了1、4d氧化碳含量的测定方法 , 讨论了头空气染色的因素 。
so , dress up a warm romantic new home , a warm and overflowing the marriage bed , naturally become a priority among priorities , the traditional department store is on the bed , is so stir a pond .	所以 , 把一家温暖的新家 , 一家温暖的婚姻床 , 自然成为一家传统的部门商店 。
with the foundation and increase the frequency of atrial pacing was reduced atrioventricular node conduction is based on the frequency filtering effect of other physiological phenomena to explain .	根据其它生理学现象的频率 , 提高了其它生理学现象的频率 。
if you frequently check with particular collections of rules , you might wish to combine them in your own ruleset file , as shown in listing 2 . this rule set imports the basic , naming , and design rules	如果您经常检查规则的规则 , 您希望在您自己的规则文件中结合它们 , 如清单2.这样的规则 。
a policeman escorts a greenpeace member dressed as a whale during a protest march against the special meeting of the international whaling commission in tokyo february 14 , 2007 .	2007年1月14日 , 一名警察员在国际行为委员会的特殊会议中扮演了一个绿色成员 。
consolidating the existing foodstuff market could remain long and steady export of foodstuff . using comparative advantage solves the problem of the balance of supply and demand of china's foodstuff .	利用比较优势解决我国食品市场的平衡和需求 , 可以保持食品市场的稳定出口 , 利用比较优势解决我国食品需求的问题 。
bridge concrete cracks on the types and causes of railway policy of the provisional construction of high bridge pier cracks in the control and preventive measures were analyzed and summarized .	综述了高桥桩裂缝工程施工和预防措施的原因 。
to prevent and resolve traderights groups , the incident must be expanded citizen participation , reform of the governance structure of the industry , the interests of consensusbuilding mechanism .	为防止贸易组织 , 必须扩大公民参与 , 改革维护行业的治理结构 , 建设机制的兴趣 。
in addition to the north yin feng all , six absolute being temples , with some strong dwell for rest of high mountain river , the hell exerts drive ten palace gentleman the king divide .	另外 , 北部九世纪六大外 , 拥有高山流域的一些强烈的dwell , 希尔极端驱动了十个宫殿 。
objective to study the microanatomy of trigeminal ganglion region and clinical value of robot casr2 assisted system in percutaneous controlled radiofrequency rhizomy for trigeminal neuralgia .	目的探讨机器人casr-2辅助系统的微生物区和临床价值 。
shapes and symmetry . go wild . piece together the sticky lines and watch zany picture puzzles come to life while you learn proportion , matching , scale and symmetry .	形状和同意 , 金丝 , 同时 , 同时 , 看看齐齐图片 , 当你学习比例、比赛、比赛、比赛和对称 。
until oil and gas made it rich , beginning in the 1960s , this tiny , scalding , pancakeflat peninsula scarcely boasted a settled population , let alone a town of any size .	直到石油和气体 , 开始于1960年代 , 这个小型 , 巴塞尔·帕尔·帕尔·帕尔·帕克莱特·帕尔斯特·帕尔·帕尔斯特·帕尔斯特·帕尔斯特·帕尔斯特·帕尔斯特·帕尔斯特·帕尔斯特·帕尔斯特·帕尔斯特·帕尔斯卡尔斯特·帕尔斯
another view is that mrs thatcher was , as mr cameron now puts it , a " revolutionary but also a gradualist " , who achieved her aims cautiously , often without advertising them in advance .	另外一个观点是 , 正如卡隆先生 , 一个 " 革命 " 的革命者 , 他也成功了她的目标 , 通常没有广告他们的先进 。
after his retirement in 1991 , he maintained a low profile , despite being garlanded with awards . he is survived by his wife , the highly acclaimed beijing opera singer jiang ying .	在1991年 , 他保持低档的文件 , 尽管他的妻子 , 高度接受北京戏剧歌手 。
the figure was even higher for the world's most popular networking site , facebook , where members spent 20 . 5 billion minutes , up 566 percent from 3 . 1 percent the previous year , according to the study .	据这项研究报道 , 世界上最流行的网站 , facebook , 这里成员花了20.5亿分钟 , 增加了56%的3.1% 。
in a particularly vicious critique of socalled smectymnuus , an anonymous anglican opponent attacked not only these six presbyterian ministers but attacked milton as well .	尤其是 , 尤其是被称为mesctymuus , 匿名的anganoopper不仅攻击了这些六个预测器 , 但攻击milton 。
for an unknown reason , sometime after his promotion to grand admiral , he was situated in the royal palace of theed on the planet naboo where he assisted in the training of elite imperial pilots .	对于一个不知的原因 , 有时在他的推动之后 , 他坐在太平洋上 , 他坐在地球上 , 在那里 , 他帮助地球教练的训练 。
banks maintain separate entrances formen and women , starbucks restricts women from its openair balcony and mcdonald's makesmen and women queue separately for its burgers .	银行维持独立的进入形式和妇女 , 星巴克从其开放的平衡和mcdaldal的妇女分离为其手术 。
the electron's going to come out of that highest occupied atomic orbital , that one that's the highest in energy , because that's going to be the at least amount of energy it needs to eject something .	电子邮件将来自最高的原子轨道 , 这是能源最高的能量 , 因为它需要大量的能量 。
when my love comes and sits by my side , when my body trembles and my eyelids droop , the night darkens , the wind blows out the lamp , and the clouds draw veils over the stars .	当我爱的时候 , 当我身边的时候 , 我的眼睛下降 , 夜黑 , 风吹出灯光 , 云吹出了星光 。
" i am here to tell you that being bad is , and hopefully will always be , bad for business in google’s search results , " wrote amit singhal , google fellow , in a blog post .	" 我在这里告诉你 , 是坏人 , 希望在谷歌搜索结果的坏坏事 , " 写道 , " 谷歌节目的谷歌节目 , 在博客上写道 。
shiro nakamura , nissan's chief creative officer , said the studio would “enhance our product competitiveness in china and asia , where the automotive industry continues to see robust growth” .	斯坦首席创造官 , 研究室将 " 提高我们的产品竞争力 , 自动产业继续寻求罗斯生长 " 。
when you use this erm , please carefully break open the ampoule at the neck and pipette 10ml from the ampoule into 250 ml volumetric flask and bring to volume by purified water .	当你使用这种胳膊时 , 请仔细破坏颈部和pette10ml从appu进入250ml , 然后通过紫外水体的压力 , 带来的压力 。
" we can no longer see hoards only as piggy banks , " says kevin leahy , an authority on anglosaxon history who was entrusted with the task of cataloging the staffordshire treasure .	" 我们不能看到像牛仔银行 , " kevinahy说 , 一个对罗斯克克逊历史的权力 。
by analyzing different hyperon decay processes , we derive the general formula for the decay contributions of heavier hyperons to hyperon production rates and finalstate hyperon polarizations .	通过分析不同的超声工艺 , 提出了高温生产率和最后的超声聚合物的一般公式 。
most local anaesthetics used clinically are relatively hydrophobic molecules that gain access to their blocking site on the sodium channel by diffusing into or through the cell membrane .	大多数地方用临床应用于血液分子 , 通过细胞膜分子来获得血液分子的分子 , 或通过细胞膜的分子 。
the results of 81 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced concrete beams and 66 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced scc beams are used to determine the coefficients in models .	采用81试验加强混凝土梁和66例加强胶凝土试验 , 测定了加强筛选的系数 。
the site also uses a custom version of the open source blogging server apache roller weblogger version 4 . 0 . 0 . 12 , mysqltm database server , and memcached .	网站还使用开源博客服务器weblogerweblogerver版本4.0.0.12 , 我的sqltm数据库服务器 , 并成功 。
the bizarre looking 600m tall building , selfsufficient in water and energy , was thought up by belgian designer vincent callebaut and would be based on roosevelt island in new york .	由贝尔奇设计师维尔·维尔·克莱ut认为 , 大约600米高的建筑物 , 自我投入水和能源 , 在纽约的纽约 。
" box " still stick gave albumen of this farinaceous collagen to dissolve the appearance in water , it is better to tell everybody this product and yoghurt drink flavour together .	" 盒子 " 仍然会让这家家家家名誉的院子拆除水 , 更好地告诉每个人的产品和瑜伽饮料的一起 。
given its effects on nociception and muscle contraction , botulinum appears to be an attractive agent in the prophylaxis against chronic daily headache or tensiontype headache .	给出其噪音和肌肉矛盾的影响 , 瓶子似乎是抗慢性日常头痛或紧张型头痛的吸引剂 。
if these parenting behaviors were placed on a weight scale sidebyside , what would the results be in determining how you fare in building healthy selfesteem vs . low selfesteem in your children ?	如果这些父母行为被放在一个重规模的边界 , 那么你在确定自己的自我系统的结果是如何减少自己的自我系统 ?
" he said that the time is the biggest problem , the central authorities to the general principle that local governments have tabled specific criteria , and thus the " classification " can not be evaded .	他说: " 当时是当地政府的最大问题 , 是当地政府的主要原则 , 因此 " 分类 " 无法避免 " 的 " 分类 " 。
this falsecolor image above , of the grand canyon , displays the fractal pattern created by the colorado river over millions of years . red indicates areas of vegetation in the image .	这个平洋图像上述 , 由彩色河覆盖了数百万年来 , 红外植物的区域显示了植物的基本模式 。
recently unearthed fossils trace whales to a doglike predecessor of hoofed planteaters , and genetic analysis has identified hippos as whales' closest living relatives .	近年来 , 由于水稻植物的植物和遗传分析已经确认为whahale最近生活的类似 。
a threedimensional organization chart built from reinforced concrete , where each classroom or workshop occupies a differentiated volume , allows the acronyms to be seen from the entire yard .	一个三维组织的建筑从加强混凝土的建筑 , 每个室或工作室发生分类 , 允许整个标准来自整个标准 。
the " philosophical counseling " and " philosophical counseling movement " developed in the late twentieth century are influencing people as an emerging discipline in the age of globalization .	" 哲学咨询 " 和 " 哲学咨询运动 " 的运动是影响全球化时代的人们 。
compared with available envelopes , the standard envelope makes it possible for people to write post codes in standard number mode and for the post office worker to raise letter sorting efficiency .	同时 , 标准环境使人们在标准数字模式上写的邮件编写后代码 , 为了提高信件效率 。
products there are various specifications of water beads , nanyang beads , freshwater pearls , beads , semihole loose beads , 3 / 4 loose pearl beads and finished jewelry .	产品有各种特殊的水珠 , 南阳珠 , 新鲜珍珠 , 半孔珠 , 三/4英寸的珍珠珠珠和完成jwwel 。
the architectural spirit is to improve technique , the ecology , efficiency and economy ore foe responsibility and obligation undertaken by architects in architecture designs .	建筑精神是提高建筑设计的生态、效率和经济负责性的改善技术 , 提高建筑设计的可靠性和可靠性 。
on the basis of mass borehole data , the paper analyzed middle jurassic coalbearing strata distributing features , coalbearing property , coalforming period in the yining basin .	根据大规模小孔数据的基础 , 分析了中级法官煤层分布特征、煤炭性能、煤炭性能、煤炭性能、煤炭性能、煤炭性能等特点 。
as an example , maximum trajectory optimization was applied on a twostage ballistic missile , and a comparison of original and optimal trajectories was presented with figures and tables .	介绍了一种最大轨迹优化的实例 , 提出了一种基础误差 , 并对原始和最佳轨迹进行比较 。
the fundamental reason that this is an open source project , and not a closedsource secret bit of technology , is that we have no interest in being in the business of selling or supporting it .	基本原因是开放源项目的开放源项目 , 不符合技术的密封性 , 是我们没有在销售或支持它的业务 。
some of the species are flooded and vanished during the flood season . only some tall grasses survive with high tolerance of submergence . the dominant species belong to gramineae and cyperaceae .	在食物季节中 , 有些物种被淹没 , 只有一些高度的葡萄糖 , 主要物种属于葡萄糖和黄素 。
and they caught every one his fellow by the head , and thrust his sword in his fellow's side ; so they fell down together: wherefore that place was called helkathhazzurim , which is in gibeon .	因此 , 他们在他的头上抓住了他的剑 ; 所以他们在一起倒下来的地方 , 所以这里被称为 " 赫尔卡扎兹 " 的地方 。
we describe a consecutive series of patients with unruptured ias treated by a neurosurgeon initiating a dedicated cerebrovascular practice in the " endovascular era . "	我们描述了一系列患者 , 在 " 内血管瘤治疗 " 内血管疾病 " 的病例 。
the imbalance of public goods supplied by the government for cities and countryside has already become the deepleveled cause which influences narrowing the gap between urban and rural areas .	政府和农村地区的共和商品 , 已经成为城市和农村地区的深化原因 , 影响城市和农村区的区域之间的影响 。
pass rightness and side to pass in and out a bottle of cage pusher driven by hydraulic power hydraulic system to carry on analysis and point out original the hydraulic system existence of problem .	通过正确性和侧向 , 通过对水力水力系统的水力水力水力系统的分析 , 指出了水力系统存在的问题 。
“foreign critics would look at today’s data and argue for stronger yuan gains , ” said ben simpfendorfer , a hong kongbased economist at royal bank of scotland plc .	" 国外批评者今天的数据和考虑 , " 香港基于香港经济学家的经济学家 。
bank of china , for example , says its ratio was a healthy 11 . 6% at the end of september , and that number was lower than those for the other two big four banks whose shares are publicly traded .	例如 , 中国银行的银行是一家健康的1.6% , 数量低于其它股东的两大银行 。
in this paper , we propose a new algorithm based on subaperture and filtered backprojection algorithm to estimate the anisotropy of objects scattering centers in wideaperture imaging .	本文提出了一种新的基于分解和滤波反射算法 , 以估计对象扫描图像中心对象扫描中心的影响 。
when i was a child growing up in north dakota , my mother cooked bacon for her five children . when it was done , she pulled the hot strips out of the pan and set them on a paper towel to drain .	当我在北达科塔的孩子在北部的时候 , 我母亲在她的五个孩子里烹饪袋子 , 当时她把热带带带带出来 , 设置在纸巾上 。
constraints between rolling section and surface grade in a plan unit and impacts due to temperature of discharging , finishing milling and coiling are considered in the practice in hot rolling factory .	由于在热轧工厂的温度、完成混合、涂料和涂料的温度、涂料等方面 , 考虑了轧辊工厂的表面灰度和影响 。
one $9 billion lawsuit asserts that hsbc twice hired kpmg , an accounting firm , to probe mr madoff , but that the bank failed to act when concerns were raised .	有9亿美元的法律评估了hsbc2000美元的kpmg , 承诺madof先生 , 但当担忧时 , 银行失败 。
instead of waiting listlessly for news from london or piecing out from his mother's gossip some country tragedy of love and jealousy , here , in a few pages , the whole story was laid before him .	相反等待伦敦的消息 , 还是从他的母亲的目标和犹太人 , 在这里 , 这里 , 整个故事在他之前 , 整个故事 。
business for o’hara brothers , he had visited augusta , a hundred miles up the savannah river , and he had traveled inland far enough to visit the old towns westward from that city .	奥哈拉兄弟 , 他访问了8月 , 一百英里的萨维尔河 , 他在这座城市旅游的旧城市 。
the investigation and identification results to the virus varieties of pepper virus disease in shaanxi showed that cmv , tmv , pvy , tev and bbwv had been found , part of them are mixinfection .	陕西病毒病毒病毒病毒病毒的调查和鉴别结果表明cmv、电视、电视、电视和bwv是混合感染的一部分 。
lax conditions at the 19th century prison , where one mafia godfather is reported to have celebrated his birthday with champagne and lobster , have earned it the nickname “the grand hotel” .	在19世纪的儿子里 , 一个马菲的上帝报道了他的生日与伦比赛 , 洛杉矶 , 已经获得了 " 爷爷酒店 " 的日子 。
since the execution of " temporary method of administrating security funds " in 1997 . 11 , our security funds had got rapid development , had obtained the excellent result in short time .	自1997年以来 , 安全基金的 " 现代管理方法 " 现代管理基金 " 的现代基金已经得到了迅速发展 , 得到了较短的结果 。
a town of western india eastnortheast of bombay . founded in1610 it is near the site of a mausoleum erected by aurangzeb in honor of his empress . population 284607 .	一个西印度东部的东部城市 , 创建于1610年 , 由他表示 , 人口284607 。
in addition to the main course selection , the pony club offers a selection of tapas which reflect mediterranean and seafood influences such as oysters , salmon and prawn fritters .	除了主要课程 , 诗歌俱乐部提供了一种反映中药、海鲜食品等反映中药和海鲜食品的选择 。
another witness , yuri , who did not give his last name , told russia’s staterun first channel tv that the shock wave was strong enough to throw him to the floor and blow his hat away .	另外一个风力 , 耶鲁说 , 俄罗斯州第一次通道电视 , 震波很强 , 把他扔到地板上 , 吹出他的帽子 。
israel says its troops only used their pistols after they were attacked , and released a video showing soldiers in riot gear descending from a helicopter into a crowd of men with sticks and clubs .	伊拉尔说 , 它的军队只用它们攻击后 , 发布了一名视频显示军队 , 将军队从军队和俱乐部的士兵 。
total 59 japonic rice lines from 9 ecotypes were used as materials in this study , and main quality characters of f1 hybrids of 303 combinations created in a diallel set of cross were analysed .	利用9种生态类型的材料 , 分析了f-1混合物的主要特点 。
ruth freed , an anthropologist who worked in india , found that indian families living in chandigarh modified their apartments by using curtains to separate the men's and women's spaces .	俄罗斯坦 , 印度的安全主义者 , 发现印度家庭生活在查德华的公寓使用餐厅分离男人和妇女的空间 。
in addition to the problem of underinvestment , who’s director of mental health and substance abuse , shekhar saxena , says low and middleincome countries have very few mental health professionals .	另外 , 那些心理健康和物质障碍的问题 , 她说 , 低收入国家有很少精神健康的心理健康状况 。
for example , the question of the relative merits of programming languages often degenerates into a religious war , because so many programmers identify as x programmers or y programmers .	例如 , 编程语言的问题通常会变成宗教战争 , 因为很多程序员确定为x程序或y程序程序商 。
a white student posing as a study participant makes a racist comment about a black participant when he briefly leaves the room . the remarks ranges from moderate to extreme racial slurs .	一位白学生作为研究参与者的研究参与者对黑参与者的评论 , 当他简单地留下房间时 , 记者从现代来自极端辐射 。
conclusion the suture of only superficial subcutaneous fat as well as putting rubber drainages in the abdominal incision is a simple and effective way to prevent lipoliquefaction for obese patients .	结论腹腔切除术后 , 腹腔切除术是防止腹腔炎患者的有效途径 。
conclusion: body temperature change is an important factor that influences oxygen supply and oxygen demand at different npt , but the cerebral imbalance during rewarming time needs special attention .	结论:体温变化是影响不同npt的氧供应和氧需求的重要因素 。
beijing police are expected to intervene in domestic violence as legislators mull an amendment to the law on protection of the rights and interests of women , beijing daily said saturday .	北京警察预计在国内暴力作为法律师穆尔在法律保护权利和利益的基础上 , 北京警察表示 , 北京警察预计在国内暴力 。
the results showed that pentosanase improved obviously dough rheology and the processing technology of soybean dietary fiber biscuit . optimal additional range of pentosanase was determined .	研究结果表明 , 磷酸酶对磷酸盐纤维生物的处理工艺进行了显著改善 , 测定了磷酸酶的加工范围 。
fitch said greek banks' operations in southeast europe and turkey add revenue diversification , but this comes from more volatile economies , some of which also experienced recessionary pressures .	福特说 , 希腊银行在东欧和土耳其增加了多样化 , 但这来自越来越多的革命经济 , 有些经验的衰退压力 。
in river tracing , swimming meets rock climbing and orienteering meets outdoor survival . with so many skills in play , an expedition team is only as strong as its individual members .	在河流旅游中 , 游泳会遇到岩石攀岩和古老的遇难者 , 有很多技能 , 游泳团队只是其独立成员 。
bilberry is a close relative of the blueberry and is known for its dark purple color . bilberry naturally contains anthocyanosides and helps to support healthy eye function .	bilberry是蓝莓与其黑色紫色的密切关系 , 自然包含甲基化合物 , 帮助支持健康眼功能 。
there's no question about it: microsoft has a hit on its hands with windows 7 . even in beta form , the company's new desktop os is garnering accolades from all corners of the blogosphere .	没有问题:微软与窗口7.甚至在beta形式的同时 , 公司的新桌面os从博客角度获得了一项关键 。
tired of canned and predictable answers like " i am a hard worker " and " i am thrilled by the new opportunity to learn " at job interviews ? you should consider asking oddball questions .	被新机会学习 " 工作采访 " 的新机会 , 你应该考虑 " oddball问题 " 。
fengyou 54 , is a new indica hybrid rice combination , developed by taizhou agricultural research academy of zhejian province and linhai seed station of zhejian province .	由台州农业研究院浙江省浙江省浙江省浙江省农业研究院开发 。
we're asking the question , taking s2 as given , what s1 maximizes this expression and as the gentleman at the back said , i'm going to differentiate and then i'm going to set the thing equal to 0 .	我们要求问题 , 将ss-2作为给定ss-1最大化的表达和gentleman说 , 然后我将设置到0 。
trying to shift gears from his major , yu spent much of his fourth year in college preparing for the entrance exam for a humanresources graduate degree at renmin university .	试图从大学毕业生毕业生的第四年的学校学生们的学习课程 。
deficiency is the psychological description is overmuch , can be in action , rub depictions of some more , in addition , can also add environment description , this article will look more vivid .	深度的是心理描述的心理描述 , 可以在操作、rub描述等方面 , 还可以添加环境描述 , 文章就越来越多的视觉 。
as a professional cable manufacturer , kingsignal's products mainly serve mobile communication , digital microwave communication , aerospace , multimedia and milit .	作为一个专业的电缆制造商 , 国王信号的产品主要提供移动通信、数字微波通信、多媒体和军事 。
5 p . m . explore the cultural melting pot of chungking mansions on tsim sha tsui's nathan road , the setting for another wong karwai movie , " chungking express " .	第5.timsssshathan路线的文化熔融池 , 另一部香港电影设置 " 昆明电影 " 。
after treatment , life signs of subjects were stable and the metabolic support was obvious , which indicated:the bioartificial liver support system which we constructed was safe , stable and efficient .	在治疗后 , 医生信号稳定 , 抗体支持显著:我们建立的生物性肝支持系统安全稳定、稳定、效率 。
similarly , on the left , a lack of visibility into the real metrics that motivates the corporation means that the change effort will never be able to factually prove success to the policy makers .	同样 , 在左边 , 一个可能的缺乏移动企业的可能性 , 这意味着改变的努力从未能成功地证明政策制造商的成功 。
a wet phosphoric acid purifying extractor descaling method includes: a first step , using hotwater for soaking and extracting organic solvent in the scale , and then emptying hot water ;	用热水提取法 , 用热解法提取有机溶剂 , 然后用热解法提取热水 , 采用热解法提取有机溶剂 , 然后放热水 ;
most of our products designs are based on classic lines of antique pieces from 16th century european and other eras , and can be modified and combined to individual client's desire and lifestyle .	大多数产品设计基于16世纪欧洲及其它服务的经典线路 , 可以修改个体客户的死亡和生活方式 。
cai yuanpei is a great thinker , educator and revolutionary . from his thoughts , words and behaviors , we can know his great mind , a philosopher's character and a great man's demeanor .	韩语是一个伟大的思想家 , 教育家和革命者 , 从他的思想、行为和行为 , 我们可以知道自己的伟大思想家 , 哲学家的性格和一个伟大的男性 。
the advantages of hengshui lake to develop ecotourism are environment , plants , wildlife , history and culture . we must also notice some problems . firstly , pay attention to overall distribution .	长江湖发展生态旅游的优势 , 植物、野生文化 , 必须注意一些问题 , 重视整体分布 。
double strands rna produced posttranscriptional gene silencing technique is being used to alter the relative proportion of the major fatty acids present in oil plants .	采用双带rna产生后基因沉积技术 , 利用主要脂肪酸与主要脂肪酸的相对比比例 。
china continues to be the world's 2nd largest economy in q3 , with the gdp of $1 . 42 trillion , compared with japan's $1 . 37 trillion , people's daily online reported monday .	据报道 , 中国日本日本日本的gdp仍然是世界第二大经济 , 与日本的gdp相比 , 日本的1.37万美元 , 人们每日在线报道 。
the national antiterrorism committee says special forces killed 2 militants and detainees and detained rather a third person during a raid in a town on the outskirts of moscow .	国家反恐委员会说 , 特别的军事杀死了2名军事和死亡者 , 死亡率为第三人 。
results a typical pattern of morphological changes of motoneuron apoptosis in the anterior horn of spinal cord was observed by both tunel staining and electron microscopy .	结果采用隧道静脉和电子显微镜观察了两种隧道静脉和电子显微镜的形态变化模式 。
methods: categorize 164 sufferers , carry on rehabilitation education , psychological persuasion talk entertainment activity and various psychology support respectively .	方法:对164例患者进行回复教育、心理学活动及各种心理学支持 。
finally , has analyzed zhai yongming the poetry writing life significance , had demonstrated the poet can realize the reason which the feminine angle of view surmounted and its be valuable .	最后 , 分析了浙江诗歌作品意义的分析 , 证明了诗歌的原因 , 可以实现女性角度和其价值 。
these banks aggressively peddled loans to the finance ministers of poorer countries suffering from balance of payment difficulties , acute unemployment , and consequent internal unrest .	这些银行紧张推动贷款 , 从付款困难、急性失业 , 因此 , 因此 , 贫困国家的财政部长 。
under the infuence of magnetic field , anp can deposit in the target area at large degree , as a result , the density of anp in the nontarget area can be decreased significantly ;	在磁场的影响下 , ap可以对目标区的影响 , 结果表明 , 非目标区的密度降低 ;
passes through from the multiple perspectives slow motion playbacking evidence collection , the leeway which styles had already not quibbled , he prepares to the niu card aspect to apologize .	从多个角度来看 , 通过多个角度的运动运动组合 , 类型已经迅速地安装 , 他准备从niu卡方面解决 。
the main source of water pollution in qujiang river basin comes from domestic wastewater , then nonpoint source pollution is also important , and the water pollution from industry contribute little .	江水污染主要来源于国内废水污染物的主要源性 , 因此 , 农业污染也是产业贡献的重要性 。
this paper attempts to seek the cultural root for the militarists' thought on peace by analyzing the influence exerted by confucianism , taoism , mohism and other schools of thinking .	本文试图通过对儒家、儒家、儒家思想等学校思想的影响 , 对军事思想的思想根源进行了探讨 。
in the experimental group a repaired tissues represented hyaline , smooth and flat . chondrocytes in the zones of integrating with peripheral native cartilages were more mature .	在实验组中 , 复发的组织代表了水力、烟雾和燃烧 , 与周边的土炭相结合 。
to investigate the relationship between iop in vertebral body and pulmonary fat embolism , and the relationship between cement injection velocity and pmma leakage into epidural space in pvp .	为探讨血管注射速度和pm泄漏的关系 , 探讨水平注射速度与pvp的关系 。
troy , mich . , 12 aug . 2007 . bae systems demonstrated a prototype common modular power system at the national defense industrial association's power and energy symposium .	2007年8月12日 , 宝宝系统展示了国家防御工业协会和能源协会的原型模块电源系统 。
a delegation from the stateowned chinese company , china metallurgical group corporation , visited the site of a copper mine in aynak , a former alqaeda stronghold southeast of kabul , in 2007 .	2007年 , 中国的冶金组织 , 访问了一家铜矿 , 一个前阿尔加强的韩国东南部 , 2007年 。
this stateoftheart , fastacting treatment speeds fresher , healthylooking skin cells to the surface with 3 times more of the nonacid skin refinisher of our previous formula .	这种状态障碍 , 快速处理速度 , 健康的皮肤细胞 , 表面3倍的非酸性皮肤修复器 。
how cool was the welcome of a tall glass of iced green mint in the shady room , to heads ringing with colors and the cymbals of the sunl outside were the sea and the road burning with dust .	如何欢迎沙迪房间的美丽绿色的葡萄酒 , 带着颜色 , 阳光的圆形 , 是阳光的道路 。
clinton downplayed reported splits within the libyan rebel movement , and hailed what she said was the first “natoarab alliance” providing military and political support for antigaddafi forces .	在利比亚反叛运动中 , 克林顿宣布说 " 军事合作 " 和政治支持 " 的支持 。
by the time of lbj's " great society " etc . , a " liberal " was someone who claimed glory for raiding the treasury and spending other people's money " liberally " to buy votes .	随着lbj的 " 大社会 " 的时候 , 一个 " 自由 " 的人称 , 有人称 , 购买其他人民的资金 " 自由 " 。
created by microsoft cofounder paul allen , who has committed $500 million since its start in 2003 , the allen institute has assembled a lessdetailed human brain atlas of its own .	由于2003年开始 , 全国机构的微软基金会创建了500万美元的微软基金会 , 全国机构已经组成了一个更少的人类脑 。
" at the end of the day , settlements and peace are two parallel tracks . israel cannot have settlements and peace at the same time , " said negotiator saeb erekat , speaking for the palestinians .	" 在今天 , 设置和平是两个平行轨道 , 伊拉尔不能在同时设置和平安 , " 谈判者salbreks说 。
" no , " said the old woman , " there is only one way in the world , and it is so difficult that you will never redeem them . you must remain silent for twelve whole years , neither speaking nor laughing .	" 不 , " 老妇 , " 在世界上 , 只有一个途径 , 所以你永远不会放弃他们 , 你必须留下两年 , 不要说话 。 "
a veritable orgy of artistic fertility , the open goat welcomes all comers to take part in a fully democratic , spontaneous , feverish and potentially lifealtering collective improvisation .	艺术功能 , 开放的谷歌欢迎全民主、恐怖、潜在生命集体实施 。
the chatham house study , released today , says that illegal logging has dropped by between 50 and 75% across cameroon , indonesia and the brazilian amazon over the last decade ;	第二十年来 , 联合国的非法贷款已经下跌了50% , 印度尼亚和巴西亚和巴西亚的巴西人 。
those who take it promise to stay together for better or for worse , for richer or for poorer , in sickness and in health , to honour and to cherish , forsaking all others , until death do us part .	那些要保持更好的或更糟糕的 , 对于贫困或贫困 , 在健康和奶酪 , 直到死亡 , 直到死亡 。
beijing , jan . 17 budapest , 15 midnight local time , xinhua , the hungarian capital budapest , a crowded disco nightclub stampede , killing three women died .	北京 , 17日 , 15名当地时 , 新华 , 匈牙利资本灾害 , 一个令人惊讶 , 杀死三名妇女死亡 。
to read more , including information on who can legally represent you if you choose to hire an immigration representative , check out cic’s web pages on immigration representatives .	为了读取更多信息 , 如果你选择一个移民代表 , 检查cic的web页面 。
the practice features of marxist philosophy's rejection of metaphysics contains intrinsically the orientation of criticism and construction and is the practical solution to the basic...	马克思主义哲学的实践特征 , 包括内容的批评方向和建设方向 , 是基本的解决方案 。
the system studied in this paper not only can show fold and fault , but also can apply gis function . this paper analyzes the data structure of automatic generating geologic profile and fold and fault .	本文研究了自动生成地质文件和故障系统的系统研究 , 可应用gis功能 , 分析了自动生成地质文件和故障的数据结构 。
from a new perspective , the authors put forward a multiple features based analytical approach for remotely sensed imagery to overcome the limitation of the pixelbased analytical approach .	从一个新的角度 , 提出了一种基于遥感图像的多功能的特点 , 为基于pxel分析方法的有限性提出了基于多个特点 。
description: society has entered the peak period of automotive growth , car owner in his car to spend more and more time , air pollution from vehicle to endanger people's health can not be ignored .	描述:社会已经进入汽车生长期的峰值 , 他的汽车主 , 更多的时间 , 空气污染从汽车到危险人民健康不能忽视 。
the dpph radical scavenging activities , the reducing powers , the amount of total phenolic compounds , the inhibitory effect on hydroxyl radical and superoxide anion radical o .	dpph传播活动 , 减少了总纯化合物的数量 , 抑制作用对高氧离子辐射和超氧化合物的影响 。
furthermore , cabot has also introduced other advanced products to china , including masterbatch , conductive compound , inkjet colorant , aerogel and specialty drilling fluid .	进一步介绍了我国其他先进的产品 , 包括大型化合物、喷墨色泽、气凝胶、特殊钻井液 。
but could a smart grid or precision farming , in which the machines inform each other and make subsequent decisions , significantly reduce energy use and , thus , greenhouse gas pollution ?	但是 , 在每个机器信息中 , 可以减少能源使用 , 因此 , 温室气污染的机械信息 , 使得随后决策 , 显著降低能源利用 , 因此 , 温室气污染 ?
the task " find and view patient record " may be used by most of the organization , whereas the task " create and update patient record " may be used only by the admission and front desk staff .	任务 " 发现和视图记录 " 可以使用大多数组织 , 例如任务 " 创新和更新病人记录 " 的 " 创建和更新病人记录 " 。
the main shortcoming of range finding technique with structural light is that it is unable to obtain the data of points which are sightless by pickup camera or can't be illuminated by light source .	利用结构灯光的主要缺陷技术 , 是不能获得光源的数据 , 或不能通过光源消耗光源的数据 。
the file doclet . toc . xml is referenced as being the table of contents for this plugin ; this file will provide the data for the hierarchical information in the left pane of the eclipse help window .	文件门t.toc.jml是该插件的表面 , 这个文件将为eclipse左部的软件信息提供数据 。
many privacypreserving algorithms for data mining has been proposed including association rules , classification , clustering and so on , but few algorithms are for outlier detection .	提出了许多数据挖掘算法 , 包括协作规则、分类规则、集群算法等算法 。
they found that when women and men work on a number of simple tasks such as searching for a key or doing easy maths problems at the same time , the women significantly outperformed the men .	他们发现 , 当女性和男性在数量简单的任务 , 比如搜索关键或操作 , 女性在同时 , 女性对男性的影响显著 。
nor can mr edano count on support from a block of 129 lawmakers , allied to mr ozawa , who voted against mr kan's appointment as party leader last week .	上周 , 诺尔先生可以在129个律师的支持下午129个律师 , 联合到奥扎瓦先生投票 , 作为党领导人 。
improved routine immunization: partnerships focused on reducing diseases like polio and measles are also helping build a stronger foundation for the delivery of both new and existing vaccines .	改善路由免疫:伴侣集中减少警察和措施 , 同时也有助于建立新的和现有疫苗交换的重要基础 。
a spokesman for sierra leonean president ernest bai koroma , who is among the heads of state representing the west african alliance , said gbagbo's exit is nonnegotiable .	据gbagg的发言人说 , 在西非国家代表西部非洲联盟的首席执行官 , gbagbo的出口是非合同的 。
education may not be essential for this career , but you can get a foot in the door while bettering your prospects for advancement with basic training in an automotive and diesel technology program .	教育不能为这项职业生涯提供重要的 , 但是你可以在门上获得足够的进步 , 更好地在自动训练和饮食技术的前景 。
for the replacement of fitness gold card , please submit this form to the card issuing office through the district leisure services offices or sports centres of this department and pay a fee of $25 .	为了通过区域休闲服务办公室或体育中心 , 付费25美元 。
dahongpao pepper to " big spike and more grains , meat , thickskinned rich , bright color , rich flavor , taste ma moderate " and has long " chinese name law " reputation .	中国名称 " 大型的葡萄酒 , 厚色 , 丰富的味道 , 味道 " 现代 " 和 " 中国姓名法 " 代表 。
methods: the clinical data and antibiotic resistance of 253 cases of aecb caused by acinetobacter infection from respiratory department of 10 hospitals in tianjin were reviewed .	方法:回顾天津10家医院10例医院呼吸道感染的临床资料和抗生素抵抗性 。
in this paper , the principles of hydrophobic surface and drag reduction are outlined . we briefly review the new way and recent progress to prepare such hydrophobic surface .	介绍了水性表面的主要原理 , 简要综述了近年来水性表面的新途径和最近进展 。
the highly efficient and accurate classification has improved the grindingclassification efficiency of the tertiary grinding , thus raising the runofmine ore throughput of system 321 .	高效率和准确分类已经提高了321的生长效率 , 因此 , 提高了该系统的runofmin或精确分类 。
i was headhunted by hujiang when i was looking for an " out " to have a flexible schedule for my tobeborn daughter , who is now almost 5 months old . i couldn&rsquo ;	当我在寻找一个 " 出口 " 的时候 , 我是一个灵活的女儿 , 现在有5个月的老人 。
additional cleaning techniques can include using a needleless plastic syringe to vigorously wash the tooth with moderately pressured water or to softly wash it with hydrogen peroxide .	另外的清洁技术可以使用无需塑性环 , 以避免现代的压力水或柔性洗涤剂 。
professors with dollar signs in their eyes are always announcing the birth of the latest revolutionary management technique or the discovery of the hottest new “supercorp” .	在他们的眼睛里 , 教授总是宣布最新的革命管理技术或最新发现的 " 消费者 " 的发现 。
tuesday's swoon has been dramatic , coming after a report showing u . s . manufacturing in august returned to expansion for the first time in more than a yearandahalf . for details see .	星期二的瑞典已经被戏剧 , 在8月重新回到了美国制造业的第一次扩展到一年来 , 详细细细地看到 。
architecture is the most optimistic of professions , ' says mary comerio , chair of the architecture department at the university of california at berkeley , where there was a 40 percent uptick .	澳大利福利亚大学建筑部主席马里·卡里奥说 , 在加州大学的加州大学建筑部主席马里·卡里奥说 , 建筑是一个40%的上升 。
the designs were drawn up by the french architect jacques rougerie , a veteran of waterbased construction projects , and have been backed by the united nations cultural agency unesco .	该设计由法国建筑师jacacsrie , 一个基于水库建筑项目的船舶 , 由美国国家文化机构组组组委员会的背景 。
it’s an openair loft space , with the four founders at desks in the middle of a phalanx of young men staring at screens . the four are sam yagan , the c . e . o . ;	这是一个开放的洛杉矶空间 , 四位年轻男子站在场景中 , 四人是萨姆·雅根、c.o ;
firstly , the paper introduces the conception , theory and mathematical model of the array antenna . serval algorithms of adaptive beamforming and doa are analyzed using matlab software .	首先介绍了基于matmatmatlab软件的自适应梁的概念、数学模型和数学模型 。
two duracors and one duramar unit are specified as part of the communications equipment package for each lcs unmanned surface vehicle being developed to carry out these warfare missions .	两个荷载器和一个双载单元 , 指定了每个lc表面汽车的通信设备包的部分 。
later , lartigue donated all his negatives , albums , cameras and personal diaries to the french state , and from these photos and texts , we discover the story of an extraordinary and elegant life .	后来 , 律师捐赠了自己的负面 , 卡梅斯和个人糖尿病 , 从这些照片和文本来看 , 我们发现了一个极端的生命 。
at altitude , the air pressure is lower , and so are aerodynamic effects such as drag and lift , ultimately causing balls to travel faster and straighter than they would at lower altitude .	在altitude下 , 空气压力较低 , 因此 , 最终导致运动速度快 , 直径比较低 。
world stocks , measured by msci , hit a 51/2 week high this week , moving close to a breakeven point for the year as investors put tens of billions of dollars worth of cash to work .	世界股市 , 由mssci的测量 , 每周高达51/2周 , 随着投资者 , 投资者在投资者的10亿美元 。
allaround introduction and specific analysis are made about the notion and structure , selection , organization and presentation of content , compilation of students' exercises and teachers' manual .	综合介绍和特殊分析是关于内容、组织的内容、表现、学生的练习和教师的管理 。
if you are just too exhausted to leave the confines of the house , unplug the phone , lock the door , batten down the hatches and spend the entire weekend at home , doing absolutely nothing .	如果你在家里留下的金融 , 除了电话 , 打击门 , 停止整个周末的整个周末 , 做完整的事情 。
like the liao , an earlier inner asian dynasty , the juchen maintained a chinesestyle bureaucracy to rule over the southern part of their conquests and a tribal state to rule in inner asia .	同样 , 一个早期的亚洲 , 尤文还保持了一个中国风格的保护区域 , 俄罗斯南部地区的规则和试验国家的规则 。
for me , it feels like you are dealing with familiarities such as cooking a lentil dish in mdardara , as well as a feeling of strangeness in familiar surroundings , such as tokyo tonight .	对于我来说 , 它感觉你喜欢在麦德拉的饮料中做出熟悉的饮料 , 以及熟悉周围的奇异性 , 比如玩具玩具 。
with the forest canopy closure increase , the average high and diameter also increase , but the numbers of unit area is reduced . and the distribution of update saplings changes from mission to uniform .	随着森林肿瘤的增加 , 平均高和径量也增加 , 单位区的数量降低 , 降低了更新的销售变化 。
the products do not contain any natural latex components on human skin allergic reactions , nontoxic , harmless , tasteless , left and right gm , pull a good , durable , and good adhesion .	产品不包含人类皮肤反应、无害、左、右、右腿、适合性好、耐磨、耐磨、耐磨、耐磨、耐磨性好、耐磨性好、耐磨性好、耐磨性好、耐磨性好 。
carmelita montiel , a twentyyearold virgin , had just bathed in orangeblossom water and was strewing rosemary leaves on pilar ternera's bed when the shot rang out .	卡里塔·蒙特尔 , 一个二岁的维吉林 , 只有在橙色的水中沐浴 , 正在停止罗马的床上 。
we use such tools here at @toprank to grow own twitter presence as well as for clients on a daily basis and have learned quite a bit about twitter best practices and which tools work best .	我们在这里使用这样的工具来生长twitter的前景和客户在日常基础上学习 , 学习了twitter最好的实践和工具 。
cancer vaccines can generate specific immune response to get goals of treatment mainly through activate the tumorresistant antigen , especially antitumor specific antigen .	癌症疫苗主要通过激活肿瘤抗原 , 尤其是抗原特异免疫反应 。
a host of lifechanging inventions , from icecream cones and bottled water to electric lights , automobiles and aeroplanes were brought to public attention through successive expos .	根据icream的水电灯 , 自动汽车和ereroplas , 通过成功的曝光 , 引起了一项生命发明的热点 。
si published his accusations late last month on the new threads website , which is famous among china's research community for exposing pseudoscience and academic misconduct .	上个月晚些时候 , 中国研究社区的研究社区 , 在中国新线程网站上发表了他的访问 。
hcvspecific cd8 tcell response was readily detectable in acutely hcvinfected patients regardless of virologic outcome or virusspecific cd4 tcell response .	急性hcv特异性cd8细胞反应急性hcv特异性患者或病毒cd4细胞反应 。
i am also thankful to mr bruce lee's family for their wholehearted support . mr lee's widow , linda , personally helped prepare a layout plan of the former residence for our reference .	我也感谢布鲁斯先生的家庭为他们的支持 , 李先生的窗口 , 个人帮助准备一个前居民的劳动计划 。
shin's previous solo efforts include the 2005 cover album " special thanks to...best selection " and later " tired " , but his latest hit , " it's me " marks shin's first proper album as a solo artist .	英国最早的南极努力包括2005年的album " 特别感谢...最后的选择 " , 但他最新的hit " 是 " 标志shin第一部专家 。
in some major u . s . cities , sports moguls have wrested steep concessions from local governments as the price for building new palaces for their football , basketball , hockey and baseball franchises .	在一些主要的美国城市 , 体育模式已经从当地政府的价格 , 为他们的足球、篮球、篮球等地方政府的价格 。
since porcelain is ceramic , and therefore glasslike , its surface is smooth and impervious and unlike older bonding materials , it will not be stained coffee , tea , red wine or cigarette smoking .	由于pcelain是陶瓷 , 所以玻璃 , 其表面是烟雾 , 清洁 , 无法保持咖啡 , 茶 , 茶 , 茶或烟烟烟 。
carla van tiggelen designe is an international purchaser from australia , need to buy products of textile raw materials and fabrics , furniture , home textiles , gift , ceramics , adornment etc . categories .	卡拉·瓦格尔设计是澳大利亚国际购买商 , 需要购买纺织材料、家具纺织品、家具纺织品、织品、礼品等产品 。
the absolute growth of the head weight , forelimb weight , hind limb weight , body length , forelimb length , hind limb length , shin length and the third toe length showed a pattern of normal distribution .	头重、身体长度、牙长长度、牙长长度、牙长长度、牙长长长度、牙长长长度、牙长长长和第三齿长度 。
there’s an old “northsouth” divide partly at work with the netherlands , luxembourg , and germany critical of spain , italy , and greece – in what appear to be old cultural stereotypes playing out .	有一个古老的 " 南方 " 分别与荷兰、卢克堡、德国西班牙、意大利、意大利和希腊人 " 的关系 。
the welcome ceremony was also attended by wang qishan , ling jihua , wang huning , dai bingguo , u . s . vice president joe biden , secretary of state hillary clinton and other accompanying staff .	美国副总裁、国务院和国务院副总裁、副总裁、副总裁、副总裁、国务院等委员会 。
laing's thought chanllenged traditional views of psychiatric treatment , evoked people to query those basic hypotheses that ruled their lives and thoughts , left his mark on psychiatric practice .	拉明的思想挑战了传统的心理治疗的传统观点 , 激励人们查询那些基础假设 , 使他们的生活和思想 , 左右心理疗法 。
milan leandro grimi on the official site of siena speaks about the next league against milan: " yes its a bit strange for me to play against milan , but now i am at siena and want to win this game . "	米兰德·格莱姆在官方网站上讲话: " 是对米兰的比赛 , 但现在我想赢得这场比赛 。 "
test showed that , the model derived from 2year before st by pca had a forecast accuracy of 95 . 8% for internal samples and 93 . 3% for external samples , while the one by modified method 97 . 5% and 90 . 0% ;	试验结果表明 , 在pca前2年的模型的预测精度为95.8%内样品和93.3%的外销样品 , 其中一项调查结果为97.5% ;
" this budget adds more debt to our country's future than all of the debt from 1789 , when george washington was president , through franklin roosevelt and lyndon johnson and george w . bush , " he said .	" 这项预算增加了我国的未来比1789年的债务 , 当乔治·华盛顿总统的时候 , 通过弗兰克林·罗斯福和乔治森说 。 "
o mighty armed one , seeing your magnificent form of manifold faces and eyes , manifold arms , legs and feet , manifold stomachs and manifold terrifying teeth ; all the planets tremble in fear and so do i .	哦 , 可以看到你的宏观形式和眼睛 , 手臂和脚脚趾 , 手术停止牙齿 ; 所有的植物牙齿都会伤害 。
it also has highlevel teachers all of whom have diploma degrees , including one with the national key teacher title , two with the beijing key teachers titles , six with xicheng key teachers titles .	它还拥有高层教师 , 包括一位国家关键教师 , 北京关键教师 , 其中两名关键教师 。
the macro velocity model used for describing vti media is consistent with current velocity estimation method , and can simultaneously accommodate the isotropy , weak anisotropy and strong anisotropy .	采用电流速度估计方法 , 可模拟电流速度估计方法 , 减少了电流电流电流电流电流电流电流电流电流电流电流电流的电流速度模型 。
therefore , any changes in expression levels or activity of ptp1b relative to the ir could affect insulin signaling and possibly contribute to the insulin resistance observed in type ii diabetes .	因此 , 对ptp1b的表达水平或活性的改变可能影响胰岛素信号和可能会影响胰岛素抵抗性的影响 。
britain's chancellor of the exchequer alistair darling poses with his ministerial red dispatch box as he leaves 11 downing street , en route to delivering the annual budget to the house of commons .	英国外交官阿尔塔·德拉德·波斯和他的部长红色散射箱 , 当他留下了11个下街 , 路由于将年度预算转换为常见的房子 。
the killing activity of nk cells and the proliferation rate of spleen cells were tested by mtt assay , and t cell subgroupcd4+ , cd8+ were tested by the indirect immune fluorescent assay .	用mta检查了nk细胞的杀菌活性及其增殖速率 , 并通过直接免疫荧光法测定了t细胞分子cd4+、cd8+ 。
bamboo garden mighty yanlord house house , authentic lake a good room , all fully equipped highend furniture , all gifts , the landlord benevolent kind , good communication , the rich noble gas .	竹花园的房子 , 经典湖 , 全部设备高端家具 , 土地交流 , 良好的沟通 , 丰富的房间 。
in sperm and oocyte , it is proved that the calcium signals have great roles in series of complicated processes: capacitation , acrosome reaction , oocyte maturation , fertilization , embryo cleavage etc .	在sperm和oocyte中 , 证明了钙信号在一系列复杂过程中具有很大的作用 。
nangong selection of quality smoked pork dish , and add the proportion of fresh eggs , pure mungbean starch , ginger and small grinding sesame oil , stirring into a porridgelike , poured into casings .	南东选择质量的猪肉肉 , 添加新鲜蛋白 , 黄豆淀粉 , 姜和小粒子油 , 搅拌成粉末 。
the elections in tunisia and the dramatic demise of former libyan leader muammar alqaddafi have pushed the allegations of an iransponsored plot to assassinate the saudi envoy to washington on u .	泰国和前利比亚领袖穆扎菲的选举决定了伊朗响应的选举 。
ics bbtv is a brand new broadband tv client developed by shanghai media group broadband co . ltd and ics , which enables people watching copyrighted programs of ics , both live and vod , for free .	sicbtv是上海媒体广泛发展的品牌电视客户 , 通过上海媒体广播有限公司和ics , 使人们观察着ic、生活和食物 。
a town of northern ethiopia south of asmara . emperor menelik ii decisively defeated the italians here in 1896 to secure recognition of ethiopia's independence . population , 21 , 107 .	1896年 , 俄罗斯南部的北部城市 , 皇帝尼克决定了意大利亚的意大利亚的意大利亚的意大利人口 。 人口27 。
but with this example alone can you realize that with some more exercise of thoughts and intelligent i don't wanna say intelligent design here , intelligent design can you actually solve this problem so much more efficiently and just as correctly .	但是 , 在这个例子中 , 您可以实现一些更多的思想和智慧的设计 , 我不会说智能设计 , 智能设计可以有效地解决这个问题的问题 。
rome , april 7 the strong earthquake that hit central italy on monday has killed at least 150 people , injured some 1 , 500 and left around 70 , 000 homeless , italian media reported on tuesday .	据意大利媒体报道 , 罗马7月7日 , 今天 , 今天 , 今年4月7日 , 至少有1 , 500人受伤了70万家庭 , 意大利媒体报道 。
according to onboard military officers , sailors on the destroyer , coded ddg169 wuhan , carried out comprehensive exercises focusing on rapid response , inspections , and simulated attacks .	根据上述军事官 , 沙漠的牺牲者 , 编码ddg169wuhan , 通过对迅速响应、检查和模拟 。
paul's message in all of these things is that , i didn't do anything wrong , i'm just here to obey the law , i'm here to serve my people , to honor the traditions of my people and my ethnic group , the jews .	巴罗的消息是 , 我没有做错误的 , 我只是在这里 , 我就在这里为了保持我民族的传统 , 希望我和我民族群的传统 。
like previous attacks , wednesday's incident in hong kong's busy north point district involved corrosive liquid apparently thrown into a crowded shopping district from a nearby highrise building .	如前的攻击 , 星期一的居民在香港商业区的北部地区 , 涉及正确的液体 , 从附近的高层建筑物 。
the level of employment is ultimately determined by aggregate demand , and aggregate demand is determined by whatever the central bank thinks the economy can bear , without jeopardising stable prices .	由于中央银行认为 , 中央银行的经济能力最终确定 , 中央银行的需求 。
their study subjects ate vegetarian whole foods with 10 percent of calories from fat , walked 30 minutes six days a week , used stressreducing techniques , and went to a weekly support group .	他们的研究对象是从脂肪走到30分钟 , 使用应力的技术 , 进入周期支持 。
here the supermarket and street stalls coexist , variety of handicraft souvenirs , with ivory and wood carvings of figures , pest birds , flowers , shape lifelike lifelike , are tourists shopping places .	在这里 , 超级的鸟类 , 旅游生物 , 旅游生物 , 各种手工制品 , 用ivory和木材 , 最爱的鸟 , 花 , 形状生命 。
the purpose of this study was to describe norms of pinch strength for normal taiwanese adults and to investigate the effects the of age , gender , height , weight , and digit length on pinch strength .	本研究旨在描述pinch强度的标准 , 探讨年龄、基因、高度、重量的影响 。
beijingfuzhou highway , 104national road , the beijingshanghai railway runs through the north and the south , since ancient times as " fdbwa three , nine province thoroughfare " place .	北京市公路104个国家路线 , 北京铁路沿北、南部、 " 五角 " 的 " 五角 " 。
it is the tallest rocket to emerge from the vehicle assembly building since the massive 363foot saturn v rocket used to launch apollo astronauts to the moon in the 1960s and 1970s .	由于自1960年代大规模的大量363英尺高的汽车组装 , 是汽车组装的最高的岩石 , 从1960年和1970年起飞机 。
how can the miaos women living in the remote mountain area get to know yinyang fish , the typical symbolic logo of han's culture , and embody the socalled yinyang philosophy in their embroidery ?	如何在远程山区妇女生活如何知道杨阳鱼 , 汉文化的典型象征贷款 , 体现了他们的象征性贷款 ?
on monday and tuesday , students boycotted classes and examinations while several thousand students maintained a peaceful demonstration outside the college's administration building , students said .	学生说 , 在周一和周二 , 学生博士学生和考试 , 而学生在大学的管理建设中保持了数千名学生的平衡示范 。
wen jiabao , carry out seriously the spirit of the 17th cpc national congress , devote more efforts to the anticorruption work and a clean and honest government construction , 9 qiushi , 6 .	温家宝 , 严重阐述了17个cpc国家国会的精神 , 防止抗腐败工作 , 清洁和诚信政府建设、9qus6 。
february 6 , 2005 , the ministry of commerce issued " for the " thousands of rural villages " the pilot informed the market works " officially launched " thousands of rural villages " the market works .	2005年1月6日 , 2005年1月6日 , 农村 " 数千名农村村 " 正式发布了 " 官方村 " 正式发布 " 数千名农村 " 。
building on its expertise in amoled technology , the samsung nx10 sports a large 3 . 0 " amoled screen , delivering a far brighter and clearer image than comparable lcd screens . "	在其专家的工艺中 , samungx10运动一个大型的屏幕 , 转换远镜和清晰的图像屏 " 。
this may result in either a ) the polar ice caps melt , forcing mankind to live on boats with kevin costner or b ) the gulf stream stops , turning new york city into an enormous icecube .	这可能导致波尔冰融化 , 迫使人类生活在kevin内部或禁止停止 , 转变新的纽约城市 。
based on structural risk minimization principal , the influences of the error penalty parameter c and the kernel parameter σ on support vector machines generalization ability are studied .	根据结构风险误差原理 , 研究了误差参数对支持矢量机的影响 。
under semantics guidance , through the full title sentence's analysis and the full title sentence's probabilistic logic system , we have a good solution for full title sentence's inductive acceptance .	在语义指导下 , 通过完整的句子分析和完整的句子逻辑系统 , 对完整的句子逻辑系统具有良好的解决方案 。
on hearing her routine , christopher hitchens , a polemicist , remarked that “when comedians flatter the president , they become court jesters , and the country becomes a banana republic . ”	在听到她的路由 , 基督教徒 , 一个极端主义 , 明白 " 来自福尼亚总统 , 他们成为法庭主义者 , 以及国家成为巴拿共和国 。
as jamel belhaj , general director of public debt in tunisia , puts it , “it is very important for us to maintain an optimal combination of fixed and floating rate debt to manage our debt service costs .	正如吉姆·贝尔·贝杰 , 一般的公共债务总监 , 让我们保持一个最佳结合和流动债务成本的最佳结合 。
designed to access the electronic control and diagnostic systems such as engine , diesel pump , gearbox , clutch , brakes , asd , asr , srs , electrical roof control , dash panel and ac/heating .	根据电子控制和诊断系统 , 如发动机、柴油泵、crake、r、r、r、rcr、r、r、电气室控制等 。
the lawyers' associations shall conduct professional selfregulation of the practice of law by lawyers in accordance with the lawyers law , bylaws of lawyers' associations and professional rules .	律师协会应按律师律师法律律规定 , 法律师法律师法律律律师的法律律规定 。
it is important to recognize the circulatory dysfunction in the elderly trauma patients may be primarily caused by hypovolemia , but to differentiate it from cardiac insufficiency may be necessary .	老年血管病患者的循环动态可能主要原因高血压患者 , 但不同于心脏功能 。
" we talk about five core competencies in social and emotional learning , " says weissberg , " selfawareness , selfmanagement , social awareness , relationship skills , and responsible decision making .	" 我们谈论了社会和情感学习的五个核心竞争 , " 威斯伯格说 , " 自我管理、社会意识、社会意识、关系技能和责任的决策 。
waste water treatment , water purification , dewatering , bar screen , rotary drum screen , jet diffuser , pump , water filter , belt filter press , powder dissolver pumps and pumping equipment .	废水处理 , 水净化 , 水洗 , 水洗 , 水洗 , 洗涤 , 洗涤 , 粉末消除设备 。
the basic principles and simulation methods of a nullcouplerbased oadm are studied firstly , especially in the crosstalk of a ybranch structure and the coupling properties of a tilted grating .	初步研究了一种基本原理和模拟方法 , 特别是在混凝土结构和耦合性能的研究 。
george w bush , who is regularly in bed by 10pm , thomas edison , napoleon , condoleezza rice , who wakes at 4 . 30am , and ernest hemingway are among those known as larks .	乔治·布什正常被10pm、somasedison、sopozawace、soleeeeeeeeeezawaceshaces、ernestheming通道称为lark 。
it had been concluded that some certain intermacromolecult cross link was formed among finishing agents and fiber by means of acid and alkalic hydrolysis , amino acid analysis and tg method .	结论 , 采用酸性和碱性水解法、氨基酸酸分析、氨基酸酸和tg法制备了一定的交叉链接 。
s . refused to sign the agreement , and is urging the united nations' convention on certain conventional weapons " a protocol attached , so as to provide legitimacy to the use of cluster weapons . "	美国拒绝签署协议 , 并在某些传统武器 " 一个协议 , 因此 , 为为为集群武器提供立法 。
i estimate that , based on economic values , these losses will to a further $800 billion to $900 billion , putting total credit losses north of $1 . 7 trillion for the whole period of the crisis .	我估计 , 基于经济价值 , 这些损失将进一步增加800亿美元 , 把总信贷损失1.7万美元的整个危机整个时期 。
supachai's comments come as the u . s . house of representatives friday is expected to vote again on a revised $700 billion bailout plan after the bill was struck down monday .	苏巴克的评论将于周五下午700亿美元的表示计划 。
licensor desires to grant to the licensee for agreed sum of money as provided herein , and licensee desires to obtain from licensor , nonassignable , geographically restrictive license .	许可人愿意为这里提供资金提供协议 , 以及许可证人要求从许可证人、非签证、地理上获得资金 。
based on the fermented yoghourt , we took fresh milk as raw material and added stabilizer , honey , essence and sugars into it to produce fruity flavor drinks with lactic acid bacteria .	根据发酵剂量的基础上 , 我们用新鲜的牛奶作为原料 , 添加了淀粉、糖、糖、糖和糖类 , 产生果酸的饮料 。
poet yiannis ritsos once called monemvasia " a ship of stone , " and those who have visited rave about " rugged , saltofthe earthbeauty " that provides " a refreshing escape " from the real world .	波特尼斯一旦称为蒙瓦斯 " 船 " 的船舶 , " 那些受到 " 冲击 " , 地球美学 " 的观点 , 提供了 " 反射 " 。
when this happens , the pancreas produces greater amounts to compensate , flooding the bloodstream with insulin ; high levels of insulin in the blood have been linked to [some types of] cancer .	当这种发生时 , 胰岛素产生更大的增加 , 血液流动 , 血液高水平与血液类型相关 。
this patent pending formula , amidren contains efficacious amounts of clinically proven natural ingredients to address the 5 critical stages of male hormone modulation to address andropause as men age .	这种专利支持公式 , 包括临床证明的临床成分 , 使男性激素模块的5个关键阶段 , 为男性激素模块和病例 。
while a full takeover is seen as a stretch , some companies that may cast an eye over the unit include hp's rivals in asia such as china's lenovo group ltd and taiwan's acer inc , banking sources said .	尽管一家完全采取的公司 , 但一些公司在亚洲的利诺夫组织和台湾的资源中可能会引起一个眼睛 。
the necessity and thinking on the structural adjustment in agricultural industry is discussed , on the basis of investigation and analysis on agricultural present situation of xiangtan city .	讨论了农业结构调整的必要性和思考 , 对农业现状的基础进行了研究和分析 。
single fundamental mode verticalcavity surfaceemitting laserhas potential applications such as data transmission in optical network , optical interconnect , optical storage , and laser printing .	单基本模式平面承诺激光潜力应用 , 如光网、光网、光学存储等光学存储等 。
spending in 2010 decreased 1 . 3% , after the country’s defense ministry recommended germany close several army bases and cut the number of troops from 250 , 000 to 180 , 000 .	2010年花费增加了1.3% , 后来 , 国防部长德国建议了几个军队基地 , 削减250万吨的军队 , 000吨 。
qiu lin is new , heavy is good for her , but she is hypocritical in the eyes of others . < /p> < p> qiu lin went to the director , insisted on their own , the director appreciate her .	秦林是新闻 , 高雅的 , 但她在其它眼睛 , </p><><>>lin来到主任 , 坚持自己的主任 , 主任 。
keenly awaited growth figures for the fourth quarter of 2008 were as clear as mud to most analysts , who were left struggling to work out what is really happening in the world's thirdlargest economy .	关键于2008年第四季的生长图片 , 正如mudar对大多数分析师来说 , 在世界第三大规模经济中 , 左翼翼翼翼翼翼翼翼翼 。
in order to establish a fullfledged market economy in our country , we must have a better bankruptcy law , which should remedy the shortcomings of the current law lacking of individual bankruptcy .	为了建立我国全面的市场经济 , 我们必须有更好的银行法律 , 应该重新保持个人银行缺乏个人银行的缺陷 。
through simulation and modification , more accuracy experiment data were gained . the calibration curve of alanine dosimeter irradiated by proton was obtained at last . the linear coefficient is 0 . 999 5 .	通过仿真和改进 , 得到了更准确的实验数据 , 通过对原料进行试验 , 得到了线性系数为0.9995 。
it's going to run through the loop , accumulating the answers , but because i'm subtracting , x it's just going to keep making x more and more negative as it goes along , again it's off into an infinite loop .	正在运行循环 , 积累答案 , 但我正在提取x , 更负面的时候 , 同时它再次进入一个无限的循环 。
joe biden , the vicepresident , responding to republican sniping today in an interview with nbc . " i hear a lot of criticism , but i never hear anything [suggested] in response .	约翰·伯丁 , 受访者 , 我听到许多批评 , 但我从来没有听到任何事情的反应 。
the high mountain is a unique environment . the mountain range poses tough trials for the life forms that inhabit it . yet , the challenges provide the necessary motives for species to adapt and evolve .	高山是一个独特的环境 , 山范围可能对生命形式的试验 , 然而 , 挑战为物种适应和进化提供必要的挑战 。
the results showe that it can assist the experiments making glucose plasma which desire ideal de value . and it can significantly reduce the number of experiments , save human resource , money and time .	结果表明 , 可以帮助实验结果 , 减少人力资源的数量 , 减少人力资源的数量、人力资源和时间 。
earlier today , all things considered host robert siegel asked anthony carnevale , director of georgetown university's center on education and the workforce , if that number is correct .	今天早些时候 , 乔治大学教育中心主任罗伯特·iegel问安妮 , 乔治诺大学教育中心的董事会 。
even if you're running a oneperson business , invite your spouse or significant other , a trusted friend who knows your business , andif you can afford the hourly feesyour accountant or attorney .	即使你正在运行一个超son商务 , 邀请您的专业或信任朋友 , 否则你可以为您的家庭费用或家庭费用 。
china's ravenous appetite for energy puts the country at risk of reaching a point of “peak coal , ” when demand for coal will outstrip domestic production capacity , a growing number of experts believe .	中国的能源的风险 , 要求煤炭的需求将扩大国内生产能力 , 专家们相信 , 国内生产能力的增长 。
i create sculptural ceramic work which , although abstract , is rooted in the natural world . simple curved and undulating forms explore biomorphic shapes and structural growth patterns .	我创造了文化陶瓷 , 虽然抽象 , 简单的曲线 , 形成了生理形式和结构生长模式 。
generally , college savings plans are managed on a very aggressive portfolio of assets in the child’s younger years , switching to a more conservative portfolio as the child nears collegeready age .	一般来说 , 大学节省计划在孩子年轻的资产中管理了很强烈的港口 , 交换为孩子附近的孩子 。
medium and late powdery cushaw , the matured fruit is off white skin with little green , high starchiness , high quality , fit to freezed treatment or cushaw powder , planted in early spring .	中期和晚期粉末 , 成熟水果在小绿、淀粉、高质量高、适合自由的治疗或早期培养 。
china has had many 4000 company , according to baidu money signs up for exposure first quarter , in the client amount that baidu advertises , only 161 thousand , 0 . 4% what hold company sum total only .	中国拥有大量4000家公司 , 根据巴西金钱签署第一季 , 在客户广告中 , 只有161万个 , 0.4%的支持 。
for more on the thinking behind times open , watch the yahoo developer network's interview with nyt's derek gottfrid , senior software architect the man behind the times open gathering .	为了更多的思维开放 , 看看yaho开发商网络的采访 , 与nytgofrid , 高级软件架构后面的男人开放 。
in icrp 1990 recommendations , a new weighting factor——radiation weighting factorw_r was introduced to replace the quality factor q for modifying the absorbed dose averaged over atissue or organ .	在1990年的rp建议中 , 介绍了一种新的重量因子 , 重量因子 , 重量因子对吸附剂量q进行改变 。
an algorithm for marking pitch at the location of the largest amplitude of continuous speech signal is described , which is based on the finding of glottal closure instants in laryngograph signal .	介绍了一种基于语言信号的最大模式 , 基于语言闭环信号的研究算法 , 基于语言信号的研究 。
the liverpool manager , who has presided over six defeats in the last eight matches ahead of birmingham city's visit tonight , claimed he was " 100% sure " his team would start to climb the table .	这位利物浦经理说 , 在最后八场比赛前 , 利物浦经理的利物浦经理 , 他宣称他是 " 十00%的 " 队伍 " 。
" when we use this technique to target gm plants , we can simply identify and kill the accidentally released gm strains without hurting conventional plants , " shen told scidev . net .	" 当我们使用这个技术来目标gm植物时 , 我们可以简单地识别并杀死正常发布gm株 , " 她告诉网络 。
" happy people drag their spouses out of bed to go exercise , and they encourage them to eat healthier , " says bill chopik an associate psychology 3 professor at msu , and lead author of the study .	" 幸福的人从床运动中挖出来 , 他们鼓励他们吃健康 , " billk一项协会心理学3名教授 , 以及研究的首席作者 。
though many people continue to identify black eyeliner with a retro look , zoller says it's never really gone out of style at auditions , and it's attractive as long as it's not applied too heavily .	虽然很多人继续识别黑眼睛 , 但zoll说 , 在审计中 , 很多人都不会被广泛应用 。
chinese cities gained as the yuan strengthened somewhat against most other currencies , said mercer . shanghai , shenzhen and guangzhou moved up to 12th , 22nd and 23rd respectively .	中国城市加强了大多数其他货币 , 上海、广州、广州和广州移动到了12、23号 。
as a result , it's often easier to use static vxml files even if that option offers less flexibility , reactivity , and extensibility than to go with servlets and frequent recompilations .	因此 , 因此 , 通常使用静态xml文件 , 即使选项提供的灵活性 , 反应性和扩展性 , 更容易使用静态xml文件 。
natural carnival , life of the party , our after the sentiment , smart touch gladdening the heart and refreshing the mind , strong hazel incense bring multiple taste , suddenly lifeincomparable .	自然心脏、生命之后 , 我们的情绪 , 智慧触摸心 , 反映了心灵 , 强烈的hazelce , 突然带来多个任务 , 突然生活方便 。
this week , xstrata , another big mining firm , suspended operations at a nickel mine in the dominican republic while converting its power supply to run on coal , rather than—more expensive—oil .	本周 , xtrata , 另一家大型矿业 , 支持在德米尔共和国的镍矿业 , 而转换它的能力 , 比如煤炭的昂贵性 。
according to importance value , the vegetation in beijing wulingshan nature reserve can be classified into 3 vegetation type groups , 5 vegetation types , 42 formations and 139 associations .	根据北京文山自然储备的重要价值 , 可分为三种植物类型、植物类型、植物类型、42种类型、139种协会 。
and , that's a good thing to know because if you come out with an answer that's somewhere near the diameter of the universe and it's supposed to be the diameter of an atom , then you will know that you probably made a mistake .	所以 , 这是一个很好的事情 , 因为如果你在宇宙的餐厅附近的一些地方 , 那么你知道你可能会做错误 。
the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite captured these falsecolor images on january 15 , 2010 , and january 21 , 2003 .	2010年1月15日 , 美国航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航天航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航线 , 2003年1月2月2月23日航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航
there is a great need for deeply understanding the functions of single molecule of schistosomes in vivo due to the accumulated information from schistosome genomics , transcriptomics and proteomics .	因此 , 由于染色体基因、传染性基因、染色体、染色体的单分子功能有很大的必要 。
the dead sea mineral improves the skin cells metabolism relieves muscle cramps and stiffness . protects body against fluid loss and balances acidalkali levels .	死亡海洋矿物改善皮肤细胞凋亡和稳定性 , 保护流体损失和平衡酸水平 。
this company endeavors to hardening , normalizing , tempering , high and medium temperature quenching , mesh belt furnace quenching , cementing , time effective freezing and high temperature treatment etc .	本公司的专业教育 , 正常化、温度高、中温泉、新型燃烧炉、水泥、水泥、有效的温度处理等 。
ma haiyan ; chemical engineering department of nantong university zhang hao & liu zhaofeng ; state key lab for modification of chemical fibers and polymer materials ; donghua university ;	广东大学浙江大学化学工程部 ; 国家关键实验室和聚合物材料 ;
new york , us: nassau county police officers on horseback patrol outside the best buy electronics store on black friday , which marks the traditional start of the festive shopping season .	纽约:美国航空县警察局在布莱克周五举行的最佳购买电子商店 , 标志传统的购物季节 。
volunteers of america helper rodney cunningham unloads boxes of thanksgiving food for lowincome families . he'll be getting a box himself to feed his four children and grandchildren .	美国的帮助者罗丹·cunm的志愿者 , 感谢低收入家庭的食物 , 他会让自己感受到自己的四个孩子和孙子 。
" wuzhen has a kind of nourishing energy , " said meng jinghui , the artistic director of this year's theater festival . " in terms of content and budget , they have given us complete freedom .	" 吴宏有一类保护能源 , " 中国今年的艺术主任 , " 在内容和预算中 , 他们给我们完成自由 。 "
after appreciating the exhibition , mr . coumet bought several kinds of souvenir on display and inquired on the business of buying pictures , showing heartfelt affection towards the master's works .	参加展览之后 , 专栏购买图片的展览 , 展示了几种方式 , 并在购买图片的商业 , 展示了心脏感染者的工作 。
the spotchecking results of fiber grade pet chip were analysed from intrinsic viscosity , diethylene glycol content , melt point , carboxyl end group , color , agglomerating particle and powder .	分析了纤维素pt芯片的分布结果 , 分别从内部粘度、甲基胶凝胶剂、熔点、碳结合剂、聚合粒子、聚合粒子、聚合粒子、聚合粒子 。
in the eyes following son , rich brocade scale up of the beauty is engaging , pure such as the face of jade send forth a radiant ray of light and show people heart to concuss perfect creature chi .	在眼睛下的儿子里 , 美丽的美丽是凝固 , 比如jad发送的光线 , 显示人们心灵的幸福 。
first , yuanshizhu emperor kublai khan ended after the unification war , firmly once issued an order south demolishing the city city wall , after demolishing strictly prohibited repairing .	首先 , 杨华皇帝库尔在统一战争结束后 , 公司一次宣布了南部城市墙 , 严格推进修复 。
the expression of pdgf a was mainly found in the renal distal tubule and epithelial cells of distal straight tubule and glomerulus capillary , but igf 1 in transplanting artery equal expressed .	pdgf的表达主要是在血管和血液中发现的主要表达 。
how much people make is " the no . 1 lie , " says julie jansen , a careercoach and author of " i don’t know what i want , but i know it’s not this . " " i tell my clients not to embellish their salaries . "	朱莉·杰森说: " 我不知道我想要什么 , 但我告诉我的客户不要做什么 。 "
the budget of a local government at any level includes revenues turned over by the governments at lower levels and revenues refunded or subsidies granted by the governments at higher levels .	在任何水平上 , 政府的预算包括通过低水平和收入的资金 , 以及政府收入的资金或物质增长的资金 。
you may perhaps have some pleasant , thrilling , glorious hourss , even in a poorhouse . the setting sun is reflected from the windows of the almshouse as brightly as from the rich man's abode ;	你可能会有一些愉快的 , 轻柔的小时 , 甚至在贫困的阳光 , 设置阳光从丰富人体的窗口中反映出 。
at least 20 local madrassa students have disappeared , most likely to join the fight in afghanistan , he says , and taliban backers are even trying to stop the traditional music and dancing at weddings .	他说 , 至少有20名当地疟疾学生已经失望 , 大多数可能加入阿富汗战斗 , 塔利班后者甚至试图停止传统音乐和舞蹈 。
method according to the criterions of diagnosis and degree established by respiratoy branch of chinese medicine academy , 81 patients of mild or moderate bronchial asthma was selected .	方法根据我国医学院81例儿童肺炎患者的诊断和死亡病例 , 建立81例患者 。
this is based on changes that first appeared during aix 5 . 3 , when you no longer had to turn off strict_maxclient , increase minfrree and maxfree , or reduce minperm , maxperm , and maxclient .	这是基于aix5.3的变化 , 当你不再转变严格的xmaclient , 增加ffee和maxfm , 或者减少小端端 , 矩阵 。
the cboe volatility index or vix . vix , wall street's socalled fear gauge , fell despite a decline in stocks earlier in the day as traders saw fewer reasons to buy protection .	电子电压指数或视频 , 墙街所谓的恐惧游戏 , 尽管今天早些时候 , 随着贸易者看到一些原因 。
the council for a parliament of the world's religions has organized meetings in 1999 in cape town , south africa ; in 2004 in barcelona , spain ; and the next is set for 2009 in australia .	世界宗教的议会议会在1999年开始组织会议 , 南非 ; 2004年 , 2004年在巴塞罗纳州 , 西班牙 , 下一次在澳大利亚设立了2009年 。
the good news is that h1n1 is hitting north america at the tail end of its flu season . it's possible that the virus may peter out and reappear next autumn , but that gives us months to prepare .	好消息是h1n1在其流感赛季结束的北美人 , 病毒可能会出现和回复下秋天 , 但给我们做好几个月 。
" it's good to know every game is winnable , " lamar odom said after practice saturday . " so we're down 10 , with seven minutes left , six minutes left , we know that we can come back and win that game .	" 每场比赛都是胜利的 , " 拉姆·奥斯说 , " 我们下跌了10分钟 , 6分钟左左右 , 我们知道我们能回来的比赛 。 "
importantly , the wellestablished and proven workflow processes of tmcs that feed into corporate clients’ systems rely almost exclusively upon the airline booking and servicing capabilities of gdss .	最重要的是 , tmc的tmc进入公司客户机系统的工作流程 , 在航空图书和服务能力 。
the conservative firebrand has signed a multiyear deal to serve as a fox news contributor , the cable channel's executive vice president for programming , bill shine , said in a statement .	据报道 , 保守纤维已经签署了一个多年的交易 , 作为一个fox新闻发布者 , 电缆通道执行副总裁的副总裁 。
the international community spent an estimated $500 million to bankroll the vote , which senior u . s . and u . n . officials acknowledged in recent weeks would be far from perfect .	国际社区花了500万美元的银行投票 , 美国政府官员援助最近几周将远离完善 。
" there is therefore a need to take into account dietary habits when designing studies to assess the association between flavonoidrich foods , antioxidant activity and degenerative disease , " they add .	" 因此 , 当设计研究时 , 需要考虑flavoid酸食物、抗氧化剂活性和消毒性疾病的关系 。 "
and then we said you can also achieve octet stability and electron transfer if you look at elements that are just a little bit rich of electrons versus octet stability or a little bit lean of electrons .	然后 , 您还可以达到octet稳定性和电子转移 , 如果你看电子电子电子电子电子稳定性 , 那么我们也可以获得电子稳定性或一个小型的电子 。
based on high effective locations algorithm and error estimate , improvement of the publickey scheme based on chebyshev maps proposed recently was presented and a key agreement protocol was given .	基于高效位置算法和误差估计方法 , 提出了基于切尔夫图案的基础上 , 提出了一种关键协议协议 。
six kinds of new schiff base tripodals were prepared by using the triethanolamine , salicylaldehyde , and amines as materials . the synthesis of these compounds are shown as follows .	利用三氯乙酰胺、氨基酸、氨基酸、氨基酸酯合成的六种新型基酸盐基酸酯 , 合成这些化合物的合成 。
she had brought up bits of old packing cases and the seats of broken kitchen chairs , and things of that sort , and spread them across from rafter to rafter so as to make a bit of floor .	她带来了老包装案件 , 品牌厨房椅 , 使他们在比赛中传播出来 , 使他们带来了一条鲜艳的厨房椅 。
cocacola south pacific last year ran advertising titled " motherhood &mythbusting , " featuring popular australian actress kerry armstrong and claiming coke was " kiddy safe .	去年 , 卡卡卡拉南太平洋广告指出 " 母亲&mybus " , " 特别是澳大利亚应力击败军队 , 并宣称这是 " 孩子安全 " 。
it suggested that the malignant transformation of human embryo lung diploid fibroblast cell strain kmb17 cell could be induced by cofc , which might have potential carcinogenicity to human .	结果表明 , 人类胚胎肺癌的恶性变化可能导致cofc , 可能有潜在的癌症 。
epitaxial growth of lbd and laser on single crystal silicon film quartz substrate or single crystal silicon film quartz substrate deposited buffer layer .	lbd和激光器在单晶硅分子或单晶晶硅分子分子物或单晶硅薄膜分子层上生长 。
private secondary schools are unlikely to succeed in the situation have been beneficial to their own circumstances , to attract highquality source of students , the school must have a high quality .	私人第二学校不可能成功 , 学校必须拥有高质量的学生 , 吸引高质量 , 学校必须有高质量 。
conclusion the expression status of her2 is closely related with gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma , the positive expression of her2 is a poor prognosis indicator for gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma .	结论血管癌的表达状况与胃癌相关 , 是胃癌的临床表达 。
methods: gene chip and rtpcr were used to study expression of cxcr4 mrna in two cell lines and the cxcr4 surface expression was also examined by flow cytometry analysis .	方法:采用基因芯片和rtpcrcrcr4对cxcrcrna表达进行了研究 , 并对cxcr4表达进行了研究 。
the performance nevertheless missed wall street expectations , as the new yorkbased life insurer raised capital for its $15 . 5 billion purchase of american life insurance co . , or alico .	根据纽约生活保险公司的资本保险公司的资本增加了15.5亿美元购买的美国生活保险公司 。
build scripts in languages like groovy or ruby are more concise and easier to read . there’s less clutter , boilerplate code , and your build script can be structured better .	如goovy或ruby的建立脚本更容易阅读 , boilplate代码 , 您的建立脚本可以更好的结构脚本 。
the fall of rome did not destroy one of the most important tenacious and significant aspects of the old culture , the roman catholic church , which remained and became the central fact for the new culture .	罗马教堂不会摧毁新文化的最重要性和重要方面之一 , 罗马天主教堂 , 成为新文化的中心因素之一 。
mr paisley , who leads the dup , the largest unionist party , is an 80yearold protestant cleric who has spent his life denouncing the very idea of a rapprochement with republican leaders like mr adams .	帕斯利先生 , 他领导了杜普 , 最大的联盟党 , 是一名80岁的抗议员 , 他发表了自己的生命宣布了共和党领导者的想法 。
in america babyboomers are flooding into retirement ; in europe the market is greying ; and in india and china the large number of graduates masks low numbers of truly highquality candidates .	在美国婴儿体育商流入休闲 , 欧洲市场是绿色的 ; 印度大量的大型毕业人数 , 真正高品质候选人数 。
the 1974 neonoir movie “chinatown” was based on the insider land grab by speculators and the bitter water wars the department of water and power fought during the 1930s with owens valley residents .	1974年尼龙电影 " 基础上 , 投资者gab , 以及在1930年的雪谷居民的水和电源战争 。
on m111 engine test bench , using the test methods specified in gb/t19230 . 62003 , the effect of different oils to deposits at air inlet valve and combustion chamber of the engine is studied .	利用gb/t192.62003的测试方法 , 研究了不同石油在空气阀和燃烧室燃烧室的影响 。
if several hundred thousand more haitians were able to migrate , those dominican , honduran or salvadoran numbers suggest that remittances to haiti would give its economy a huge and continuing jolt .	如果几千名海军人能够迁徙 , 那么海军或阿尔维亚号的数量建议 , 承认海军的经济增加和连续约束 。
perhaps people need to remember that china refused tosurrender to the japanese , and kept a third of the japanese armed forcesengaged , preventing them from being diverted to fight other alloed forces .	也许人们需要记得中国拒绝对日本的旅游者 , 并保持第三个日本武装力量 , 防止他们从战斗中转变 。
i guess i’m saying that even though i’m not making a significant direct financial input into our family , the volunteer work that i do is significant enough that some people get paid to do it .	我猜我说 , 即使我不会把财政输入我们家庭 , 志愿者工作 , 但我对一些人来说是非常重要的 。
vicki back atmosphere was more awkward . < /p> < p> 11 weeks old and rainbow and eat together , two people about good signal if one felt good on the old week to pinch his ear .	村庄背景越来越多 。 </p>><1周 , 同样吃饭 , 两人关于老周的信号 。
relatively new campaigning groups such as uk uncut will be joining traditional political attendees at the festival , including trade unions , as well as antinuclear , green and grassroots groups .	比如英国联合国的传统政治参加 , 包括贸易协会、绿色和葡萄牙组织 。
the equilibrium temperatures of inclusion in pingbei area are characterized by double peak , which means at least two session of hydrocarbon filling occurred in the reservoir of pinghu formation .	采用双峰值 , 采用双峰值 , 均衡温度 , 均衡于pingbei区 , 均衡性能 , 其中至少有两种水库填充物 , 具有phu形成的特点 。
the fluid was so hot that it made upper ordovician palaeotemperature go up 50 °c , and increased the hydrocarbongenerating rate of carbonate rock in ordovician 32 times at least .	液体温度高达50°c , 增加了碳酸盐岩至少32倍 , 增加了碳酸盐岩的水性 。
treated with high temperature steam produced by the autoclave and pressure cooker , the influence of high temperature steam treatment on the content of gcg in green tea was studied in this article .	本文研究了高温蒸汽制备的高温蒸馏剂 , 研究了高温蒸汽处理对绿茶含量的影响 。
the geometric model for target hitting analysis of predictive arctype trajectory is set up and its analytical solution is derived . this is a new algorithm for target hitting analysis .	建立了预测动态轨迹的目标模型 , 建立了该算法 , 并对目标冲击分析提出了一种新的算法 。
in my opinion , having a dinner party can of couse reinforces the friendship among the friends . but it won't be forgoten that we shouldn't lay others' pain aside , while enjoying ourselves .	在我的观念中 , 有一个晚餐党可以加强朋友的朋友 , 但我们不应该放弃其他的痛苦 , 而享受我们自己的痛苦 。
the pavilion was made out of 12 translucent orange cylinders housing the exhibit's various functions: conference room , information booth , food stand , and advertising column , for example .	例如 , 通讯室、信息室、食品站、广告列表、广告列表、广告列表等参考室、会议室、会议室、会计室、会议室、信息站等 。
as a gift to 2012 sinoseychelles culture year , the final of global cultural ambassador will be held on pearl on indian oceanbeautiful archipelago country seychelles .	作为2012年英语文化年的礼物 , 全球文化学家将在印度海洋美丽的阿拉伯国家海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋游客 。
the japanese industry pavilion is quite near to the pavilion of urban civilization . japan has always paid great attention to participating in world expos , and surely it will not disappoint you .	日本工业巴黎近期城市文明巴黎 , 日本总是注意参与世界博会 , 确保它不会失望你 。
nowadays , our markets include southern and eastern europe , australia , middle east , southeastern asia and america , and we have regular shipment to many of these destinations monthly .	目前 , 我们的市场包括南欧、澳大利亚、中东、南亚、美国、美国、美国、美国、美国等地区 。
article 35 2 limit orders for options contracts may state that the order must be executed immediately or else be canceled , or must be executed immediately in full or else be canceled .	第35条选项合同 , 必须立即执行 , 或必须立即执行 , 或必须立即执行完整或else 。
wellknown for the loyalty to his sovereign , jeong mongju is a poet , scholar and famous minister who believes in confucianism during the gongmin and simwu dynasties of korea .	韩国著名的学者和著名部长相信 , 朝鲜和朝鲜时代的韩国民族主义和韩国民族主义的信仰 。
women's or girls' suits , ensembles , jackets , blazers dresses , skirts , divided skirts , trousers , bib and brace overalls , breeches and shorts	女性或女孩的适应 , 夹克 , 裙子 , 鞋子 , 鞋子 , 鞋子 , 裤子 , 裤子 , 胸罩 , 胸罩 , 胸罩和短裤 。
have " big sen " of business is drawing a voice to draw the color earth as the good believerses or the descriptions in the future fine blue print , or point out future generations maze ;	拥有 " 大型 " 商业 " 的声音 , 引起了颜色地球 , 或未来的蓝色印刷的描述 , 或指出未来的代码 ;
this result discloses that gekko gecko may improve ovulatory function of patients with anovulatory dysfunctional uterine bleeding , anovulatory infertility , and so on .	这种结果表明 , gekogeo可能提高血液功能 , 患者血液功能 , 血清单 , 溶液剂 。
objective to illustrate the mechanism and significance of increased diagnostic rate of brachial plexus injuries using electromyographic examination of phrenic and accessory nerves .	目的探讨大脑血管损伤的机理和重要性 。
by combining with some project example , the bridge navigable clear width are calculated and analyzed . in addition , several advices are put forward for implementing current navigation standard .	通过对某项项目的例子 , 计算了可行的clearwdth , 并分析了几个建议 , 提出了几个建议 。
yet there was one more surprise left in this uruguay team , with maxi pereira's injurytime strike turning the last minutes of the game into wetyourpants time for holland's defenders .	然而 , 在这场乌拉队的最后一分钟的比赛中 , 马西·波拉的伤亡时 , 使得马斯特拉的最后一分钟的比赛进入温格的休闲时间 。
pop singer mariah carey was born on march 27 , 1970 in huntington , n . y . to an irishamerican opera singer mother and an africanvenezuelan engineer father .	1970年3月27日 , 华盛顿出生于华盛顿的华盛顿 , 是一位爱尔兰歌曲家和非洲工程师父亲 。
however grist , the local force's equine liaison officer , cautioned drivers that they could face assault charges if their flag flew off and struck a pedestrian or a cyclist and hurt them .	然而 , 本地的军官利亚斯坦官员称 , 他们可以面对他们的旗帜飞机 , 打击一名叫做司机 。
in 1968 , with memories of the sixday war with israel fresh in arab minds , he caused a furore by kissing a jewish woman , barbra streisand , in the movie funny girl .	1968年 , 随着六天战争的记忆 , 阿拉伯思想的时候 , 他引起了一只犹太妇女 , 巴布拉·斯坦德 , 在电影的女孩 。
the village stands far behind , and the streams that jog through the soft green valleys all about have as little knowledge of the seas as the threeyear old child of the storms and passions of manhood .	村庄在后面 , 并通过软绿谷谷谷谷谷谷谷的流动 , 海岸三年的儿童暴风暴和悲剧 。
their works not only expressed the depressed and discontented history and the palpitate unstable soul of ci poets , but reached the perfect fusion of current affairs and the aesthetic specialty of ci .	他们的工作并不仅表达了民族诗歌的深刻性和不稳定的灵魂 , 但达到了当前公平的完美融合和审美特征 。
modest pattinson , dubbed rpatz by fans , admitted he was still getting used to the fan hysteria , which kicked off in 2008 when he first played vampire edward cullen in the first twilight movie .	2008年 , 当他第一次在第二次电影时 , 最后 , 巴特森承认他仍然用来到fanshystia , 他在第一次播放了mpiededededrpat 。
when the crisis unfolded and markets devalued all banks across the board , investors picked up seemingly cheap stock , expecting earnings to normalize in 18 to 24 months , ocampo said .	当危机不折磨 , 市场将所有银行 , 投资者在18到24个月的时候 , 预计投资者在18至24个月的正常化.
meanwhile , further arms cuts , both hope , might smooth the path to agreement on boosting the battered nuclear nonproliferation treaty at its fiveyearly review in 2010 ;	同时 , 进一步的武装切割 , 希望在2010年的基础核非转移治疗中吸烟道路 。
spain's carles puyol scores a goal past germany's goalkeeper manuel neuer during the 2010 world cup semifinal soccer match at moses mabhida stadium in durban july 7 , 2010 .	在2010年世界杯半决赛中 , 西班牙汽车的半决赛中 , 2010年7月7月7日 , 德国目标汽车的目标 。
in a sign of increasing confidence in the pace of recovery , ford said it would begin to push its inventory levels over the 400 , 000vehicle level that it has maintained in recent months .	在最近几个月内 , 福德表示 , 将开始推动其内存水平 , 000辆汽车水平 , 最近几个月保持的汽车水平 。
downing street said prime minister david cameron has decided to stop using the treasury as his personal photographer of two wages , so as to avoid " the wrong signal to the public release . "	街道上说 , 首席戴维尔·卡梅隆决定停止使用两个年代的个人照片 , 因此避免 " 公众发布的错误信号 " 。
since being elected president in february 2010 , mr yanukovych has moved in two directions , consolidating his personal power but also pursuing economic integration with the european union .	由于2010年1月电视总统 , 姚明先生在两个方向中移动 , 同时也采取经济集成 。
other features include electric starter with recoil backup , single lever hydraulic disc front brakes , hydraulic rear foot brake , stamped steel wheels , and comes in indy red .	其他特点包括电动启动器 , 单层水力分布 , 液压回馈 , 停止钢轮 , 染色体 。
on a large television screen the previous day , elisabeth , 42 , had confronted her father with the full horror of her 24year ordeal in hour after hour of harrowing prerecorded testimony .	在前一天 , 伊丽莎贝斯 , 42岁的父亲 , 她的24年或dealalalal在哈朗预订试验室记录试验后 , 伊丽莎贝斯 , 42岁的父亲 。
organizers hope the dinner will raise $185 , 000 for the royal parks , which provided the setting for scenes in the second film in the series , " bridget jones: the edge of reason . "	组织者希望晚餐会提高185万美元的房屋公园 , 为第二部影片提供第二部影片 , " 桥梁琼斯: " 桥梁琼斯 。
since independence from britain in 1956 , sudan's northern leaders have fought to extend their power throughout the rebellious south , waging a civil war for all but 11 of the past 48 years .	自1956年英国独立的英国 , 苏丹北部领袖足够扩大反叛南部的力量 , 在过去48年内 , 向民众战争 。
that is , until the great archaeological discoveries of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries , which unearthed for us the great civilizations of the ancient near east , of which i have drawn a remarkably lifelike map ] here on the board: mediterranean , i always start with the mediterranean ocean , the nile river , the tigris and the euphrates .	这是 , 直到九十世纪和二十世纪的伟大建筑物学发现 , 对于我们来说 , 古代的文明来说 , 我已经绘制了一个重要的文明 。
sanford c . bernstein analyst jeffrey lindsay estimates yahoo's standalone value at closer to $25 per share , leaving out any deal with microsoft or google . yahoo shares closed at $25 . 72 on tuesday .	桑福德.伯恩斯坦分析师jefffreylinday估计yyahoo的标准价值为25美元 , 在微软或google.
and all of a sudden he had a crisis well , i'm not going to get into the depth of it but our banks , because they wanted to make more and more moneyand our investment bank , wall streetkept issuing different paper against mortgages so it made it simple to give a mortgage .	所有的突然他有危机 , 我不会进入它的深度 , 但是我们的银行 , 因为他们希望更多的投资银行 , 华尔街的图像 , 让我们的投资银行带来不同的报纸 。
copies of these works , totaling 381 bundles , have been distributed so as to render them accessible to european scholars . prof . jayadeva singh writes in his " introduction to madhyamika philosophy " .	这些工作的代码 , 总有381英里 , 所以要重新对欧洲学者访问欧洲学者的访问 。
the japanese artists isobe katsushiro and mizuno ryo continue to follow japanese beau ideal style , one draws the insect world with his pencils , another builds the weird atmosphere with his ball pens .	日本艺术家伊斯卡罗和迈齐·伊利诺继续遵循日本理想风格 , 一幅画着他珍珠的昆虫世界 , 另外一个建筑物 。
portugal has several other tourism regions such as douro sul , templários , dãolafões , costa do sol , costa azul , planície dourada , etc . most of them are unknown to tourists and locals alike .	葡萄牙拥有几个旅游区 , 比如多名旅游者 , 大多数旅游者和地方游客 。
