there is a television in the middle of living room .	住房中间有一个电视 。
they will spend a lot of money on new buildings .	他们将花很多钱在新建筑上 。
ifnecessary , we shall send a telegram home .	如果必要 , 我们将发送一个电信家 。
and you fixed them up with the plasters in your firstaid kit .	然后 , 你把他们放在你的第一款海底厨房里 。
the notsosubtle juxtaposition is inescapable .	难以置信的朱克斯塔位置是无法的 。
he's pasturing his cattle on the top meadow .	他在顶部的草坪上走了牛 。
but his teacher commented: " you are not in yet . "	但他的老师说: " 你还没有 。 "
but this was also a year in which the chinese dream showed clearly .	但这也是一年 , 中国梦明显出现的 。
i shall join the lunch on 17 october 2010 .	2010年10月17日 , 我将加入午餐 。
he can whisper mellifluous nothings in my ear .	他可以在我的耳朵里无任何东西 。
the supply of raw material has been greatly reinforced .	原材料的供应极大增强 。
this kind of walking tractor runs on diesel oil .	这种行走牵引器在柴油上运行 。
i bought a plastic cover for a typewriter .	我买了一种塑料盖 。
it had the spiral structure revealed by congo red .	它有刚果红的螺旋结构 。
because we're students we get in free of charge .	因为我们是免费的学生 。
this is what psychologists dream about at night .	这是什么心理学家梦想在晚上 。
let us know , let us pursue the knowledge of the lord .	让我们知道 , 让我们追求耶和华的知识 。
that he's not going to suddenly be left adrift .	他不会突然离开 。
to assail with stinging criticism ; excoriate .	为了评价批评 ; 愤怒 。
example: a woman is married to mr . zhao .	例如:一个女人嫁给赵先生 。
i won 100 dollars in the scratch lottery .	我赢得了100美元 。
is it too much to ask for a little precipitation ?	这太多要求一点沉淀 ?
his efforts were defeated by the forces of reaction .	他的努力受到反应力的打击 。
contact the old knowledge , revealing new lesson .	联系旧知识 , 揭露新课 。
and here in london , you have a lot of africans .	在伦敦 , 你有很多非洲人 。
definitely huaqing pool . it's the most famous .	华清池是最著名的 。
and all my little candle flames burned out ;	我的小蜡烛燃烧了 ;
i've called it 'wikiwiki . '	我已经称之为 " 威基威基 " 。
sickness is suffering , death is suffering ;	疾病正在遭受 , 死亡正在遭受 ;
indicate the operating sound level for each valve .	指示每个阀门操作声级 。
the children were marshalled into straight lines .	孩子们正在直线 。
b:here is viewing fish at rower harbor .	b:这里是在浏览行员港口的鱼 。
at a party in paris after violetta's return .	在维拉塔回来后 , 巴黎的一次派对 。
some of you have come fresh from narrow jail cells .	你有些人来自狭窄的jail细胞 。
salma asks her husband when the couple get home .	当夫妻回家时 , 沙玛问她丈夫 。
i take a deep inhale , depressed at the freshness .	我采取深入的吸入 , 抑郁着新鲜 。
i was an editor in morningstar from 2003 to 2007 .	2003年到2007年早晨 , 我是一名编辑 。
with such a great victory come unreasonably great expectations .	如此伟大的胜利是不合理的期望 。
steven: i have a lot of wark to do in the company recently .	史蒂文:我最近在公司做了很多战争 。
but that of the fixed dunes is the contention between species .	但是 , 固定的鸭子是物种之间的凝聚 。
on hearing that , her face went white to the lips .	听到那样的话 , 她脸向嘴唇走了白色 。
it is not enough to say there is some economic growth .	说有些经济增长是不够的 。
how dirty the house is ! it has many dust bunnies .	房子是多么肮脏的 ! 它有很多尘埃 。
then joshua let the people go away , every man to his heritage .	然后约书亚让人离开 , 每个人都去他的遗产 。
in case there is a collision of characters libra should concede .	例如 , 字符libra的碰撞应该隐藏 。
on the way home , several passersby wished me well .	在回家的路上 , 几个旅客希望我好 。
figure 3 shows a screenshot of the doap home page .	图3显示了doap主页的屏幕 。
one car come , one car go , two car bongbong , one people die .	一辆汽车来了 , 一辆车去了两辆车 , 一人死了 。
his list ultimately became church policy .	他的名单最终成为教会政策 。
the ancient wild alone and dolphins connector .	古野独自和海豚连接器 。
i swear on my honour that i knew nothing about this .	我对我的荣耀说 , 我不知道这是什么 。
the first concept was the use of the bind/unbind methods .	第一个概念是使用bind/unbind方法的 。
orlando bloom had a couple of broken ribs ;	奥兰多·布朗姆有几个破碎的肋骨 ;
sophistry is a kind of special negative thought .	索菲利是一种特殊负面思想 。
i think it's one of the best things about life in london	我认为这是伦敦生活中最好的东西之一 。
okay , we know . this is the opposite of plan 3 .	好的 , 我们知道 , 这是计划3的对方 。
the person , even the child , mose choose for himself .	即使是孩子 , 摩西选择自己 。
sexologist's home turned into education center	性学家的家庭转变成教育中心 。
you can watch the parleys . com keynote .	你可以看到parleys.com键盘 。
storage for ten months in shady room and dry place .	存储10个月的沙迪房间和干燥的地方 。
an option of viewing each of them in detail is given .	详细地给出了每个视图的选项 。
i bought a spray shampoo in a pet shop .	我买了一家宠物店 。
those attributes are used by the system and should not be modified .	这些属性被系统使用 , 并不应修改 。
this time the croc goes after jack's dog minty .	这个时候 , 杰克的狗小了 。
jalo has forgotten that he fell off his bicycle .	杰罗忘了 , 他自行车掉下来 。
attendant: certainly . cream and sugar ?	当然 , 奶油和糖 ?
his reception however was of the most flattering kind .	然而 , 他的接待是最平坦的 。
tan mei met john at the park again .	谭梅再次见约翰 。
i have lost my dictionary . please lend me yours .	我已经丢了字典 , 请给我留下你 。
why is english article use so difficult ?	为什么英文是如此困难的 ?
that's how we got to the fahrenheit scale .	这就是我们得到的范围 。
she rarely spoke , she had no connection with the world .	她很少说 , 她没有与世界联系 。
the loops are connected by a crossover section .	循环由交叉段连接 。
krämer: i find the us initiative highly problematic .	克里默:我发现美国倡议高度问题 。
don't go for a usual all things tech blog .	不要一般的技术博客 。
no . that’s how people refer to little girls .	没有 。 这就是人们指少女孩怎么样 。
she waited patiently for frances to finish .	她等法国完成 。
all locks have the following basic attributes	所有锁都有以下基本属性
b: these are the various kinds of packing for pliers .	它们是各种包装的 。
directly across was the arco building .	直接穿过阿科建筑 。
c1400 the great vowel shift begins .	c1400的伟大的vowel移动开始 。
this is called the monotonic property of entailment .	这被称为单子属性的细节 。
they are my older brother and younger sister .	他们是我的哥哥和妹妹 。
so , what does the family protect behoove to do ?	那么 , 家庭的保护是什么 ?
oh fiona found out she had some money in her pocket .	哦fiona发现她在口袋里有一些钱 。
" none of us had ever been one on one with him , " she said .	她说: " 我们和他一起都没有一个人 。 "
now before magnycours we had a very strong test there .	现在我们在那里有很强的测试 。
amy is smaller than sue . sue is smaller than lee .	艾米比太小了 , 苏比李更小 。
there’s no getting away from it , if you’re irish .	如果你是爱尔兰 。
soft skin , red lips , so kissable .	柔软的皮肤 , 红唇 , 所以可吻 。
note that metadata is stored in the storage cluster .	注意 , 在存储集群中存储元数据 。
he is perfect as the sensitive but strong reporter .	他作为敏感但强大的记者 。
all it sees are elements that all look and behave the same .	它看起来都是所有的元素 , 并且行为同样 。
a file system must be unmounted to be reformatted .	必须修改文件系统 。
lady: you mean , you were posessed ? father ?	你意味着 , 你是否拥有吗 ?
have a meatless monday recipe you think we should try ?	周一你认为我们应该尝试吗 ?
supports j1939 through software switch setting .	通过软件开关设置支持j1939 。
my students have been working with the star festival .	我的学生一直在与星节工作 。
the winner is the first to draw three people in one space .	胜利者是第一个空间画三个人 。
" three ! " zhang bin simply answer .	" 三 ! " 张斌简单回答 。
look no further than the amazing muscle maker !	看起来没有比肌肉制造商更令人惊讶 !
eyebrows glued up into tiny peaks .	眼睛变成小峰 。
abandoned away by her lover , she pined away .	离开她的爱人 , 她离开了 。
listing 2 is an example php function .	清单2是一个例子php函数 。
the lucky ones do not always have the best .	幸运的人不总是有最好的 。
administrative districts: 10 parishes .	行政区:10个公园 。
the news sent a shudder through the audience .	新闻通过观众发送了一名欺骗者 。
the batteries then drive motors in the wheels .	然后将电池驱动到轮子里 。
please return the completed form to your school .	请返回你的学校 。
a picture worths one thousand words .	一张照片一千字 。
i feel this is entirely the wrong answer .	我觉得这完全是错误答案 。
inside the firewall , there is no anonymity .	在火墙内 , 没有匿名性 。
the snow , frost , and hail return .	雪 , 霜 , 海岸回来 。
the tyres were old and had been smooth .	这座轮胎老了 , 已经平滑了 。
your partner may be somewhat irritable this week .	您的合作伙伴本周可能是可怕的 。
i have been acting contrary to all my sense of right ;	我一直在对我所有权利感的行动相反 ;
remove chain drive wheel from crankshaft .	去除链驱动轮 。
he is almost a herolike character on the campus .	他几乎是校园的英雄人物 。
but fate did not give them the opportunity to continue .	但命运并没有给他们持续的机会 。
i am going to redraw it horizontally .	我要把它放在水平上 。
shoes are too close together on conveyor .	鞋子在传送机上太接近 。
taxidriver : ok . is that your luggage ?	税收家:好吧 。 你的行李吗 ?
increment real constant table number by rinc .	增加真正的恒量表数 。
he was sent by his father to go to college .	他被父亲送往大学 。
" we need more of this kind of thing , " one shouts .	" 我们需要更多的东西 , " 一声叫 。
the soviet knight is dying inside his armor .	苏联的骑士正在他的装甲里死 。
water went down his throat and he started to choke .	水从喉咙下去 , 他开始选择 。
she has looks like flowers and spirit like jade .	她看起来像玉一样的花和精神 。
what kind of land do they live in ? is it good or bad ?	他们住在哪里呢 ? 好还是坏吗 ?
we prepared a picnic and drove down by the river .	我们准备了一条金枪 , 被河驱下 。
hurt , injure , or otherwise maim the bastard .	伤害 , 伤害 , 或者其他最大标准 。
no , i think you can go . i don't even get flan ?	不 , 我觉得你能去 。 我甚至不能得到旗帜吗 ?
from the day’s chores , pause a minute	从那天的教堂里 , 停下一分钟 。
what christ said to his mother made her want to cry .	基督对母亲说她想哭的 。
ireland reports the lowest temperature in 50 years .	爱尔兰报道了50年来最低的温度 。
if you think of ideas as these more abstract things .	如果你想象这些更抽象的东西 。
ater a semester , i yearn to see may parents .	学期 , 我一年看到可能父母 。
if you don't , she's not likely to call you back .	如果你不会 , 她不可能叫你回来 。
methods raw material dissolved in methanol ;	方法采用甲醇溶解原料 ;
e is for her eyes , with love—light shining .	对于她的眼睛来说 , 爱是闪烁的 。
but credit is the lifeblood of the car business .	但信用是汽车业的生命血 。
there is a sequence imposed on you by the author .	作者对你有一个序列 。
do you have the experience to go out in your pajama ?	你是否有经验去你的帕贾马吗 ?
its legs are short and strong with hard hairs .	它的腿很短 , 硬头发强 。
my brother and his wife are a happy couple .	我的兄弟和他的妻子是一对幸福的夫妻 。
but there is much uncertainty about what it will involve .	但是 , 关于它将涉及的事情有很多不确定性 。
and so we get mired in decisionmaking quicksand .	所以我们在决策快速的时候感到困惑 。
i'm going straight home after the play . what about you ?	我在玩完后直接回家了 , 你怎么办 ?
his actions were not in consonance with his words .	他的行动并非与他的言语一致 。
this is my father . he's tall and strong .	这是我的父亲 , 他很高和强 。
but they were too terrified to fall asleep .	但是他们太恐怖了睡觉 。
and what he does is writes this equation here .	他在这里写了这个方程 。
he was a pagan ... who worshiped idols .	他是个帕根...谁崇拜的偶像 。
in that numbers game it converged to 1 .	在这个数字游戏中 , 它转换为1 。
please change to a single room with a bath .	请修改单个房间 , 洗澡 。
but the thing about change is it’s disruptive .	但改变的东西是不可思议的 。
the executioner had never seen anything like this !	执行者从来没有看过这样的东西 !
overjoyed , she dashed out of the house .	很喜欢 , 她从房子里冲出来 。
bitterness imprisons life ; love releases it .	苦苦人生 ; 爱释放它 。
it turned our homes into funeral tents .	它把我们的房子转成葬礼帐篷 。
or maybe curiosity is a better word .	也许奇怪是一个更好的词 。
so this is where the mixing of the solute comes in .	所以这就是解决方案混合的地方 。
can you give me a lift to the next town ? ;	你能把我送到下一个镇吗 ?
enter a few new lines after the input box .	输入箱输入几条新行 。
a:what did uncle green come here for ?	绿色来这儿吗 ?
request that all communication be in writing .	请求所有沟通都在写作中 。
miniskirts were in fashion last summer .	去年夏天的时尚 。
it can even cause disharmony in a family .	它甚至可以在家里引起钻石 。
a site has been chosen for the new school .	新学校选择了一个网站 。
he replaced his brother as goalkeeper .	他取代哥哥 , 作为进球员 。
this tea tasted of orange blossoms .	这茶味着橙色 。
karen zhou is perhaps an exception .	卡伦周也许是一个例外 。
conductor: silverplated copper wire ;	导体:银镀铜线 ;
i haven't recovered from jet lag yet .	我还没有从jetlag恢复过 。
a torch symbolizes the brightness .	火炬象征着亮度 。
the moon shines fully into west tower .	月亮充满了西塔 。
he raised those goats from newborn kids .	他从新生儿中提高了那些山羊 。
but first , someone had to get them into their transport tanks .	但首先 , 有人必须把他们放进他们的交通坦克中 。
display them in their rooms when they’re done .	当他们做的时候 , 显示他们的房间 。
then light the thing on fire and burn it .	然后照亮火上的东西 , 燃烧 。
other chapters are available in our elibrary .	其他章节可以在我们的书馆中获得 。
keep in mind that is bad is not abandoned .	记住那是坏的 。
still , no matter what , the debt will be huge .	然而 , 不管怎样 , 债务将是巨大的 。
i remember back then , i met you on my way home .	然后我记得回家 , 我遇见你回家 。
we stopped the clock at $3200 per head .	我们停止每头3200美元的时钟 。
if you had clock problems , you will need to fix those .	如果你有时钟问题 , 你需要修复这些 。
juicers equipment , users need to contact me .	司机设备 , 用户需要联系我 。
the policy doesnot base on the will of the people .	政策不会根据人民的愿望 。
he was dozing in the hammock when i called .	当我称呼时 , 他正在在在锤子里做 。
please attach a passportsized photo .	请附上护照大小照片 。
elephant , your ears are like cymbals .	大象 , 你的耳朵像圆柱 。
rooster: hey , are you free friday ?	罗斯特:嗨 , 你是免费的吗 ?
figure 3 . roundrobin's at the top !	图3.roundrobin的顶部 !
i overdid it at work and damaged my heart .	我在工作上忽视了它 , 伤害了我的心 。
i felt some breeze in that one . smile .	我觉得在那个笑容中有些风 。
greenfly can literally suck a plant dry .	绿飞可以清洗植物干燥 。
attacking midfielder , 18 , river plate	攻击中场18岁 , 河板 。
by the way , i don't want a night flight .	顺便说 , 我不想一夜飞 。
he missed the bus , because he got up late .	他错过公共汽车 , 因为他迟了 。
the huntsman entered the forest , gun in hand .	猎人进入森林 , 手中枪 。
our readers don’t like you . i don’t like you .	我们的读者不喜欢你 。 我不喜欢你 。
a knowledgable man knows he has limited knowledge .	一个可知的人知道他已经有限的知识 。
well , we could consider not putting in item 0 .	嗯 , 我们可以考虑不放在项目0中 。
why are all the best parties found on islands ?	为什么所有最好的党都在岛上找到呢 ?
have the straight and uppercut , many changes .	有直、上切 , 许多变化 。
the landlord put a new stove in my room .	地主把一个新停在我的房间里 。
the company is a world leader in electrical goods .	公司是一家电子产品的世界领导人 。
more than a twirling wobble is implied .	超过一只双螺旋的螺旋 。
the theory of fermi operator is developed .	开发了fermi操作符的理论 。
a deepening happens , as you teach .	一个深刻的发生 , 正如你教的那样 。
we don't know him ! " exclaimed meg .	我们不知道他 !
next , you need to give it some data to parse .	接下来 , 您需要给它一些数据解析 。
hiti te9 hammer drill for each bay .	hitite9锤钻每个湾 。
he looked so dispirited i took pity on him .	他看起来那么令人惊讶的是 , 我在他身上拿着烟 。
that was my first love , and i suspect hers , too .	这是我第一次爱 , 我也怀疑她 。
do you require trading in nonhk stocks ?	你要在非hk股票中交易吗 ?
vatel has been in my family for over 20 years now .	瓦特尔现在已经在家里了20多年 。
an old dog will learn no new tricks .	一只老狗不会学到新的技巧 。
minutes of board committee meetings	委员会会的几分钟 。
people found hoarding during the famine were punished .	人们在饥饿期间发现了保护 。
fish begins to stink at the head .	鱼开始在头上滑动 。
the connection member has a tapered hole .	连接成员有一个标准的孔 。
distinguish between an lvalue and rvalue .	在l值和r值之间区别 。
shine , and you cannot have any dissents .	shine , 你不能拥有任何异议 。
okay . i have five minutes left .	好 , 我离开了五分钟 。
it's a time thing for the elephants .	这是大象的一段时间 。
tensiometers can be made small enough .	张力计可以做到足够小的 。
how far away is dalian from lvshun ?	大连是多远的 ?
where are the lightning arresters installed ?	灯光逮捕器安装在哪里 ?
you have the same warm , sincere heart .	你有同样的温暖 , 真诚的心 。
yet china quickly upended this consensus .	然而 , 中国迅速上升了这个共识 。
who will win the battle for the backbones ?	谁会赢得背骨的战斗 ?
it urges you , instead , to live .	它鼓励你 , 相反 , 生活 。
i remember coming here once years ago .	几年前我记得来这里 。
health administers to peace of mind .	健康管理人员和平 。
marty tried to keep his head during the fire .	玛丽试图在火中保持头 。
see ? picky eaters like food , too .	看吗 ? 像食物一样吃 。
his eyes gleamed with relief and joy .	他的眼睛闪烁着放松和快乐 。
" now we have to be sustainable , " he said .	" 现在我们必须可持续 , " 他说 。
there are lots of places to get startup capital .	有很多地方获得创业资本 。
they are independent yet they are complementary .	他们仍然是独立的 。
the soldiers bedded down in a barn .	士兵们躺在一条栏里 。
the environment not bad , quite clean .	环境不坏 , 非常清洁 。
michelle: i didn’t know you were going .	迈克尔:我不知道你正在去 。
he lowered his voice to a whisper .	他把声音降到一位威斯特 。
japan gas appliances inspection assn .	日本气电器检测assn 。
oh , he's a white sox fan ?	哦 , 他是一个白色的袜子球迷吗 ?
a love triangle of the most grotesque kind .	最喜爱的三角 。
always take your finesses , ' she said .	她说: " 总是把你的文件带到你身边 。 "
no , thanks . i'm quite full .	不 , 感谢 。 我非常充分 。
a partial interest of any nature is insurable .	任何自然的部分兴趣都是不可保障的 。
i hope he can see the movie next time .	我希望下次他能看到电影 。
soup henqing , almost no oil .	汤亨庆 , 几乎没有油 。
both these books and those clothes are mine .	这些书和那些衣服都是我的 。
sit cross legged on the floor .	坐在地板上 。
but it is also an existential struggle .	但是这也是一个现有的斗争 。
the ship struck the rocks head on .	船只打破岩石头 。
he was driven by necessity to steal .	他被必要的驱动到偷窃 。
in our class there are fiftyone students .	在我们班里有五十名学生 。
i ' ll buy that for a dollar !	我要买美元 !
you delight to fish in troubled waters .	你喜欢在麻烦的水中钓鱼 。
i will take my leave , like a butterfly .	我将带我的叶子 , 像一只蝴蝶 。
i want a 3piece mafiastyle suit .	我想要一套3picemafiastyle适合 。
pasquale giunta: sure there are .	帕斯卡尔·吉塔:确保有 。
the designated holotype species has not been found .	指定的全息类型没有发现 。
but nobody saw her copying the name .	但是没有人看到她的名字 。
oxen have made great contributions to the world .	牛津对世界产生了很大的贡献 。
put the long ruler in the pencil box .	把长规定放在铅盒里 。
others say only if they cheat , or abuse you .	别人说 , 只要他们欺骗 , 或滥用你 。
how do you cope when your brain locks up ?	大脑锁的时候你怎么回复 ?
i would fly to the moon if i had wings .	如果我有翅膀 , 我会飞到月球 。
honey , where is my benz actually ?	蜜 , 我的贝尼实际上在哪里 ?
this tree . times when it was , were young .	这棵树 。 当时 , 年轻的时候 。
and , after all , we are harvard so we know .	毕竟 , 我们都是哈佛德 , 所以我们知道 。
the umpire lost his cap and his cool .	梅皮尔失去了他的帽子和他的冷却 。
one 1970 stop still gives him chills .	一位1970年代停止给他病 。
then he punches tweener in the chest .	然后他把tweener放在胸部 。
defarge was pleased at their arrival .	远程很高兴他们的到来 。
i wanted greenberg to be my pollster .	我想成为我的调查 。
he also wrote preface for the monograph .	他还为单一图写了前面 。
violet said that she would reach the border .	维拉特说她将到达边境 。
the man abstracted a pen from my pocket .	男人从口袋里抽了一笔笔 。
she will run over her lines in the evening .	她将在晚上跑过她的线 。
he plays the violin better than mary .	他比玛丽踢得更好 。
he splashed in the heavy rain .	他在大雨中喷出来 。
" why ? " tom snorted .	" 为什么 ? " 汤姆吸烟了 。
does she always dress that badly ?	她总是穿那件坏吗 ?
we'll have to start when sophia gets back .	我们必须在索菲亚回来的时候开始 。
i watched the cow when she said moo !	妈妈说的时候我看了牛 。
dennis , what're you talking about ?	丹尼斯 , 你谈论什么 ?
the steak is as tough as leather . ;	牛肉就像皮革一样艰难 ;
sue: do you have don's number ?	苏:你没有数字吗 ?
how long does it take to make an evening dress ?	晚上有多长时间呢 ?
cataracts can affect your vision .	猫可以影响你的视觉 。
washing machine motor vbelts ;	洗涤机v带 ;
the young tree has struck root .	这棵年轻的树已经破根了 。
she licked the honey off the spoon .	她把蜜子拿出来 。
let's learn english songs .	让我们学英语歌 。
because it has to drop off precipitously .	因为它必须明显降低 。
b:yes , it's getting dark .	是的 , 这是黑暗的 。
we owe our existence to these variations .	我们对这些变异产生了我们的存在 。
so you take two documents and diff them .	所以你需要两个文档 , 然后把它们扩散 。
what makes a good system verification tester ?	一个好的系统验证测试器 ?
a: what would say was the lowest point in your point ?	答:你点最低的点是什么 ?
we learn not in school , but in life .	我们学不在学校 , 但在生活中 。
li lei beat jim and won the first place .	李丽打吉姆 , 赢得第一位 。
que: did you have sex every time she came ?	王:每次她来时你都有性感吗 ?
one feels so alone when it is cold .	一个人觉得这么冷 。
he is the only son in a family of three .	他是唯一三个家庭的儿子 。
thank you for calling japan airlines .	感谢您呼吁日本航空公司 。
may the lord save us from all heresies .	愿耶和华从所有遗产中拯救我们 。
piani would tell them they had shot me .	钢琴会告诉他们他们有枪击我 。
where is monsieur le maire going ?	蒙西里·李梅尔去哪里 ?
you win some , you lose some . that is life .	你赢了一些 , 你失去了一些 。 这是生活 。
then we could insist on that target ;	然后我们坚持这个目标 ;
that year , that day , we are stranger .	那一年 , 我们是陌生人 。
his body was found in the floor hole .	他的身体被发现在地板洞里 。
knive are used to cut things .	knive被用来切割东西 。
how can jiancaigong without rain !	怎样才能不雨雨 !
peace is always relational .	和平总是关系 。
what do jack russells do ?	杰克·鲁塞尔是什么 ?
do not lure her away from her duty .	不要从她的职责中把她带走 。
did the wisteria blossom this year ?	今年 , 威斯特尼亚花了吗 ?
i wonder what this night will bring .	我想知道今晚会带来什么东西 。
you forgive me for being so pathetic .	你原谅我这么痛苦 。
we walked far into the woods .	我们走进木头 。
a:forgive me for interrupting you .	请我为你打断 。
jeff loves to play with jayden .	jeff喜欢与杰登玩耍 。
i don't want to be told grow up .	我不想被告知成长 。
it is not that you are just vegetating .	不过你只是蔬菜 。
before you get another oil change , stop !	在你得到另一个油改变之前 , 停止停止 !
the intruders shot up the town .	入侵者射击了这个城镇 。
there are not apples on the appletree .	苹果树上没有苹果 。
all things change , and we change with them .	所有事情都改变了 , 我们与他们改变了 。
so they drove boner out of the door .	所以他们从门上开车 。
i think their last win was just a fluke .	我认为最后一场胜利只是一个流感 。
besides , he is only a baby .	此外 , 他只是一个孩子 。
lily some money me the other week .	另一个星期里 , 莉莉有些钱 。
it was paisley's first visit .	这是巴西利第一次访问 。
they're rewarded for their waiting .	他们在等待 。
i'm trying to sleep .	我想睡觉 。
both can be treated with braces .	双方都可以用手镯治疗 。
and its government is enraged .	并且它的政府被放弃 。
there is a purple from below .	下面有一个紫色 。
can i get a mike in on patrick ?	我能在帕特里克买一个麦克吗 ?
i heard somebody skirling .	我听见有人跳舞 。
he is the sower of the good seed .	他是好种子的草原 。
we have to change trains at didcot .	我们必须在docot上改变火车 。
beat me half to death with it .	打我半死了 。
he ate too many hamburgers .	他吃太多汉堡 。
she was popeyed with amazement .	她受到惊人的感觉 。
and then art on the weekends .	然后周末艺术 。
how big is a wolf's track ?	狼的轨道是多大的 ?
large artery distensibility ;	大动脉可溶性 ;
this completes the installation .	这完成安装 。
he just dabbles in politics .	他只是在政治上跳舞 。
the bill was sent to her room .	账单被送到她的房间 。
is your car manual or automatic ?	你的车手工或自动 ?
it helps you not be inside so much .	它帮助你不那么多 。
that's what i think finance is about .	这就是我认为金融是什么 。
throw it at him ! i dare you !	把它扔在他身上 ! 我敢你 !
what is unique about the program ?	程序的独特性是什么 ?
why could i never please them ?	为什么我永远不愿意他们 ?
welcome to the new dad guide !	欢迎来到新爸的指导 !
losers hangout with losers .	失败者汉戈特 。
a feeling of shame came over her .	感觉到羞耻来了她 。
fasten seatbelt at all times .	所有时候 , 都会面临西雅图带 。
examine if this is a pattern .	如果这是一个模式 。
he really cares about his family .	他真的关心他的家庭 。
this brings me to my question .	这将我带到我的问题 。
please drive a bit faster!	请开一点快点 !
tingting seems nervous .	丁丁似乎紧张 。
it is for bird watchers .	这是鸟观察者 。
she banged up the receiver .	她把接收器挂起来 。
i like your new hair style .	我喜欢你的新发风格 。
her hands smelt of fish .	她的手闻着鱼 。
but there's reason for hope .	但希望有理由 。
how did my papers get out of order ?	我的论文如何从秩序出来 ?
she had a shock and conked out .	她有一个冲击 , 然后冲出来 。
how can you put a price on life ?	你怎么能把价格放在生活上呢 ?
hope you understand what , hehe .	希望你知道什么 , 他 。
i slept like a fat cat .	我睡得像一只脂肪猫 。
oh , so you feel the same way !	哦 , 所以你觉得同样的方法 !
rf output power over 4w ;	rf输出功率超过4w ;
many different leadership styles work .	许多不同领导风格工作 。
you have many ways to kill your time .	你有很多方法杀死你的时间 。
here are so many oil jars .	这里有很多石油罐 。
one rope here , one rope there .	一个绳子 , 一个绳子 。
let's tie the knot !	让我们把刀绑了 !
this service defines three operations	该服务定义三个操作 。
he spends gold like soil .	他花金像土壤一样 。
let's take these in turn .	让我们把这些放在转身上 。
power elevation mill head .	力量升高机头 。
that gives me the creeps .	这给我带来了蠕虫 。
ianto: that's just me .	伊托:这只是我 。
we are the host of andaz .	我们是安德萨斯的主人 。
it was from the sugar i think .	我想的糖是来自糖的 。
but why the redemption ?	但是为什么重新登记呢 ?
he is only a child of three .	他只是三个孩子 。
i think beyonce is hot !	我觉得超越热了 !
and put bomb craters in there .	把炸弹炮放在那里 。
the civets play two roles .	电视剧演了两个角色 。
i've taken some small classes .	我已经拿了一些小课 。
join a startup and get stock .	加入启动和股票 。
slide out onto a large plate .	滑到一个大板上 。
well , i love madrid !	嗯 , 我爱马德里 !
it does have intentions .	它有意思 。
do you have nosebleed ?	你有鼻子吗 ?
faugh dead u over !	假死u !
what is the name of that process ?	那个过程的名字是什么 ?
one of my asq friend...	我的一位asq朋友...
of course i will come back .	当然我会回来 。
the other seven are tiny .	另外七个是小的 。
are you a selfstarter ?	你是个自学者吗 ?
create a . toc file .	创建一个.tc文件 。
but it still does me good service .	但它仍然是我很好的服务 。
yeah . that's right .	是的 。 这是对的 。
so , what do i do with this ?	那么 , 我怎么做呢 ?
when did you start to act ?	什么时候你开始行动 ?
would you like shampoo ?	你喜欢沙坡吗 ?
my greatgrandmother .	我的伟大的母亲 。
that’s my girl .	这是我的女孩 。
we all are from shandong .	我们都来自山东 。
are you a working poor ?	你是个工作贫困吗 ?
i learn chinese every day .	我每天都学习汉语 。
but the gang goes on .	然而 , 加哥走了 。
he liked to do the same .	他喜欢做同样的事 。
what's montague ?	什么是蒙特拉 ?
time never comes back .	时间永远不会回来 。
as in organ donor .	作为组织捐赠者 。
are you a salesman ?	你是个销售商吗 ?
we just don't know .	我们不知道 。
that can be done .	这可以做 。
i love my job !	我喜欢我的工作 !
trust is low .	信任低 。
these are foundational .	这些是基础的 。
i could feel it !	我能感觉到它 !
d a digit	d一个数字 。
electronic truck scale construction process is simple and fast .	电子卡车规模建设过程简单、快 。
almighty father rushed to rescue these lost lambs you ...	父亲匆匆匆匆匆忙救这些失去的羔羊...
the customer and developer negotiate a fixed price for the project .	客户和开发商谈判项目的固定价格 。
photo club took a photo shooting trip to mendocino ... more .	摄影俱乐部带着一场照片拍摄的旅行...更多 。
so the choice we make in our mid20s has to be a pretty smart one .	因此 , 我们在20年代中期做出的选择必须是一个非常聪明的 。
but if i want a unit vector , then i should scale this down to length one .	但是如果我想要一个单元矢量 , 那么我应该把这段时间缩短到长度 。
weibian has vast iron inkstone wear , kousong notes that year hand .	威比安有巨大的铁墨石 , 香港注意到那年 。
they will continue mr . kabe as acting principal of the school .	他们将继续作为学校的主任 。
let this represent the total energy of the incident electron .	让这代表事故电子总能量 。
in recent years , aquaporins in the brain become a research hotspot .	近年来 , 大脑中的水平变成研究热点 。
in the biological sense it's selfdecoding , storing and scanning .	在生物学意义上 , 它是自编码、存储和扫描 。
being unwanted , or failing to fulfil the expectations of parents	无法满足父母期待的期望 。
fight the rapids as you kayak and raft down the vast mekong river .	战斗快速 , 当你卡雅克的时候 , 把巨大的梅康河冲下来 。
disk systems will repair themselves or can be left unrepaired for years .	磁盘系统将自身修复或可留下多年的时间 。
i practiced facial expressions , and i snarled like a wolf .	我实践了面部表达 , 我就像狼一样滑雪 。
this happens five or six times . the monkey is very angry .	这发生了五六次 , 猴子很愤怒 。
so we think the dwarf mutant " ddf1 " was ga insensitive .	因此我们认为dwarf突变 " dddf1 " 是ga敏感 。
and as it is in the floral tribe , so it is in god's kingdom .	就像是在佛罗兰部落 , 所以它是神王国 。
there are many legends concerning the origins of lantern festival .	有许多关于兰节的起源的传奇 。
and in the case of women , that often included sexual assault .	而在女性的情况下 , 通常包括性假设 。
leep is an effective way to prevent the generation of cervical carcinoma .	睡眠是防止颈癌发生的有效途径 。
close the gate of the pen properly to prevent the sheep from getting away .	关闭笔门 , 以防止羊离开 。
and the multitudes hearing it , were in admiration at his doctrine .	听到的多态度 , 在他的教学中受到赞赏 。
paramedic: i see you've caught yourself a maroon shark .	参数化:我看到你自己是个马龙鲨鱼 。
all right , mammy . i'll teach her to ride sidesaddle .	好的 , 妈 。 我会教她去骑边 。
it provides the opportunity to test unrelated applications running together .	它为一起运行的不相关应用提供了机会 。
taihao had another name , fuxi , one of an ancient three emperors .	太海又有另一个名字 , 福西是一位古代三皇帝之一 。
twists can help detoxify the internal organs and lymphatic system .	twists可以帮助减少内脏器官和淋巴系统 。
male mallard ducks are famous for their long , spiraling genitalia .	雄性黄鸭是他们长期、精神生殖的著名 。
even though that solves the immediate problem , the problem can still occur .	即使解决立即问题 , 问题仍然会发生 。
see then that ye walk circumspectly , not as fools , but as wise .	看到那个你走路的时候 , 不像愚蠢 , 而且像智慧一样 。
rubber mount ; finite element modeling ; static elastic characteristic ;	橡胶山 ; 有限元模型 ; 静弹性特征 ;
create china world cup bid shanghai langao road stadium construction ;	创建中国世界杯的上海路体育场建设 ;
however , in hsr territory , the issue is even more important .	然而 , 在hsr领域 , 问题更重要 。
it's up to you whether you go or not . but i only have time on weekend .	你是否去或不去的 , 但我只有周末的时间 。
personally , i think his biggest drawback is that like as one or more dualuse .	个人来说 , 我认为他的最大的抽屉是像一个或多个双重的 。
she gets pretty drunk and stumbles home in the wrong direction .	她在错误的方向中得到了很多醉酒和模糊的回家 。
the num received payments from the trade unions of afghanistan .	数字从阿富汗贸易联盟收到支付 。
being aware that we only have one life to live also reinforces that conviction .	意识到 , 我们只有一个生命 , 还能加强信仰 。
this joy is unthinkable divided cheap wow gold from the peasants .	这个快乐是不可思议的 , 来自农民的便宜的黄金 。
anyone who does not deny himself on that day must be cut off from his people .	那天没有否认自己的任何人都必须从他的人民中剪掉 。
fancy hotels are beginning to accommodate both man and pets .	欢迎酒店开始适应男宠和宠物 。
tracing the significance of wanxian incident and roar , china !	追溯万兴事件和罗拉的意义 !
cath: hello , i'm cath , cath jones . what's your name ?	凯瑟:你好 , 我是凯瑟·琼斯 。 你的名字是什么 ?
mami is thinner friends are quite good , all my best wishes to all .	麦米是很薄的朋友 , 我最喜欢所有的祝福 。
behind this jolt was one of the world's most concentrated property bubbles .	这个螺杆后面是世界上最集中的财产泡沫之一 。
brownie , birdy and cowcow drank the honey cheerfully .	布朗尼 , 鸟儿和牛仔喝蜜 。
okay that's a straightforward either or . isn't it ?	好吗 , 这是一个直向前的 , 还是不会吗 ?
consumable market prosperity is stable , supply of goods is enough .	消费市场繁荣稳定 , 供应足够 。
and everybody was very against them , the bookstore , because , you know ,	每个人都反对他们 , 书店 , 因为你知道 , 你知道 。
bonds payable are the typical example of longterm liabilities .	债券支付是长期债券的典型例子 。
you are probably aware that in a database , data is stored in tables .	你可能意识到在数据库中 , 数据存储在表中 。
you could also try using some for the advanced commands in google .	你也可以尝试使用google的先进命令 。
they have also stirred emotions in the greek american community .	他们也在希腊社区的情绪激烈 。
countylevel cities have both urban and rural dual characteristics .	县级城市既有城乡双重特征 。
he will be sorely missed . he was a great president , " he said . "	他说: " 他总统不会错过 。 "
a slight , metallic sound , as of coins rattling in a pocket .	一个稍微的金属声音 , 就像一个口袋里的硬币一样 。
i'm finishing , there's no point in making a song and dance about it .	我正在完成 , 没有一个歌曲和舞蹈的点 。
stop messing about , boys ! i'm trying to do some reading .	停下来 , 男孩 ! 我想做一些阅读 。
trace hooks can be applied at the entry or exit of any function .	跟踪钩可用于任何函数的入口或出口 。
i came on business before , but this time i'm here to sightsee .	我以前就来了 , 但这次我在这里去观察 。
" summer hours " are a longestablished institution in the us .	" 夏季 " 是美国最长的机构 。
it seems most chinese people use a modified emule that abuse servers .	它似乎大多数中国人使用一个改进的emule , 滥用服务器 。
gloucester board of real estate or financial plans bureau .	房地产或金融计划局 。
her testimony helped put several of the perpetrators behind bars .	她的证据帮助把几名超级者放在酒吧后面 。
we must try our best to reduce the damage to a minumum .	我们必须尝试最好的减少损伤至少 。
an impressive 75 percent of germans eat breakfast daily .	75%的德国每天吃早餐 。
google gobbles internet explorer’s market share with chrome	googlegoble网络探索商的市场份额与铬共享 。
it was the first year my dad bought season tickets to the clips .	这是我爸买了赛季票的第一年 。
he also blessed us that we would be able to remember our previous lives .	他还祝福我们 , 我们能记住我们以前的生活 。
hand rails and banisters shall be constructed for stainless steel pipe .	无锈钢管的手铁和禁止人应建造 。
tian'anmen square is the bigest square in the world .	天安门广场是世界上最大的广场 。
objective to prepare purified tick borne encephalitis vaccine .	目的制备纯化结肠炎疫苗 。
stresses applied to plastically deform the metal are usually compressive .	塑性变形的应力通常是压缩的 。
the northeast is one of the biggest grainproducing areas in china .	东北是我国最大的粮产区之一 。
eric blair wrote under the pseudonym of george orwell .	埃里·布莱尔在乔治·奥威尔的伪造下写道 。
the whole community turned out to wipe out the four pests .	整个社区变成了四个虫子 。
to facilitate this task , birt provides the data explorer view .	为了促进这个任务 , birt提供数据探索器视图 。
gina:hello , dr . kellers clinic . what can i do for you ?	吉娜:你好 , 凯尔博士临床 。 我能为你做什么呢 ?
sergio: yeah , it sure is but they have the best drinks .	塞吉奥:是的 , 确定是最好的饮料 。
it was amazing that the boy was able to solve the problem so quickly .	令人惊讶的是 , 男孩能很快解决这个问题 。
let's suppose you have a subteam working in a private branch .	让我们假设你有一个子团队在私人分支工作 。
she also writes for the times and the magazine psychologies .	她还写了时代和杂志的心理 。
these real problems already bridge the dichotomies in the science .	这些真正的问题已经在科学中引起了二分数 。
art is communicating and perhaps people can get something from this respect .	艺术是沟通的 , 也许人们可以从这个方面获得一些东西 。
i mean , you're already talking about how that's not applicable .	我的意思是 , 你已经谈论如何适用 。
" is the tao in a handheld calculator ? " asked the novice .	" 是手持计算机的道路吗 ? " 小说问道 。
these new ideas are penetrating into the minds of the younger generation .	这些新的思想正在渗透到年轻时代的思想 。
there’s another detail i love in this shot—the cropped foot .	我喜欢的另一个细节 , 是作物脚 。
it brings longer droughts between more intense periods of rain .	它带来了更多雨期间的强烈干旱 。
each player who searches his or her library shuffles it afterwards .	每个玩家都搜索他的或她的图书馆后面 。
creation is then rooted in the mutual love of the persons of the triune god .	然后 , 创造根源于三un神的人相互爱 。
but if you are going to make them permanent ? where are you gonna cut spending ?	但是如果你要做永久吗 ? 你会在哪里削减支出 ?
good programmers strive for code clarity in addition to code performance .	除了代码性能之外 , 好程序员也努力为代码清晰度 。
i do remember my brother learning to ride a bike though .	我记得我的兄弟学习骑自行车 。
the summer season is upon us and with it comes bathing suit season .	夏季的季节是我们的 , 随着它来到洗衣服的季节 。
please play with it before everyday use , in case miss important calls !	请在日常使用前玩 , 例如错过重要调用 !
they're used to large nontoxic animals , like wolves and bears .	他们习惯于大型非毒动物 , 像狼和熊一样 。
this was probably the first time the britons came into contact with other peoples .	这可能是英国第一次与其他人联系的第一次 。
there's nothing stuckup about the great english wild flower .	英国野花没有什么东西 。
study on divisible abelean group of difference familypairs ;	研究了不同家庭对可分类belean组 ;
any parcel over the dimension limit should be repacked into smaller ones .	任何尺寸限制的范围都应该被包装成更小的一个 。
a thin , whitehaired man was sitting on a wooden seat .	一个薄的 , 白发男子坐在一个木座上 。
but he still admires christians because of the way they face death .	但他仍然承认基督徒 , 因为他们面临死亡的途径 。
here are five steps you can take to help your machines run much faster .	这里有五个步骤 , 你可以帮助您的机器跑得更快 。
the report on thatstrand of hair found in elena ortiz's wound margin .	艾丽娜·奥蒂斯的伤口边缘发现的这份报告 。
technically , a cms stores all of the content in a database .	技术上 , 一个cms存储数据库中的所有内容 。
the procedures are similar to thesis flow ratetime method .	与论文流速法相似 。
my mother was wrapping some banana fritters for a customer .	我母亲为客户包装一些香蕉冰箱 。
at the left is a temple dedicated to the roman emperor hadrian .	左边是罗马皇帝哈里安的一个寺庙 。
the connecting of these pipes is done by the message receiver .	这些管的连接由消息接收器完成 。
experiment result: smoke is poisonous to tadpoles .	实验结果:烟雾对钾有毒 。
then , the low dose effects and roentgenography interval were discussed .	然后 , 讨论了低剂量效应和罗根理间隔 。
so i advocate socalled 'xiaocheng english' .	所以我倡导所谓的 " 小城英语 " 。
the application conditions and methods of using the tiltmeter are described .	介绍了钛计的应用条件和方法 。
whether caffeine banishes cellulite is less clear .	无论咖啡因是否会减少细胞 。
a 9to5 work schedule provides enough time to relax .	一个9to5工作调度提供足够的时间来放松 。
do you remember he gives ? a couple of examples of this sort ?	你记得他给了几个例子吗 ?
the sailors couldn't find anything to caulk the seam in the boat .	帆船不能找到任何东西来掩盖船上的海啸 。
hundreds of deceased soldiers lay in a state of disarray .	数百名死亡士兵躺在一个残疾状态下 。
you can always go trickortreating during the afternoon or to the mall .	你总是可以在下午或下午或下午的时候去处理 。
total number under poverty line 2010: 815 , 755	2010年的贫困线下总数:815 , 755
kisangani resident said the plane had broken into three pieces .	kisangani居民说 , 飞机已经破坏了三块 。
with the coming of national day , i have a one week holiday .	随着国庆的来临 , 我有一个星期的假期 。
the reactionaries are fierce in appearance but feeble in reality .	反应物在出现中激烈 , 但实际上却是费用的 。
the boy plays up his strong points and minimizes his weaknesses .	这个男孩玩得很强 , 最小化他的弱点 。
that's somewhere we haven't dragged morley to yet .	这是我们还没有拖着莫利的地方 。
ottawa is also a mustsee city where i currently live .	奥塔瓦也是我当前生活的一个必要城市 。
we must carry on with the investigation until all the facts are found .	我们必须进行调查 , 直到所有事实都发现 。
the significance of perinatal diagnosis was discussed .	讨论了周围诊断的意义 。
the passengers turned quite green with sea sickness .	旅客们用海病变得非常绿 。
please line the drawers with clean paper after you have emptied them .	请在你已经空了他们之后用清洁纸行 。
a noblewoman holding the rank of viscount in her own right .	一名诺贝尔曼在她自己的权利举行了维斯账户的排名 。
doing so will help offset the harmful effects of urban pollution .	因此 , 有助于防止城市污染的危害影响 。
many specialistic techniques contribute to archaeology .	许多专业技术有助于考古学 。
forest ecoeconomic productivity and the development of forestry produce ;	森林生态经济生产力和森林产生的发展 ;
the calculations are performed in parallel on each partition where the data is .	在每个分区中执行并行计算 。
investigators have identified the bomber as han wushun .	研究人员已经确定炸弹作为汉武云 。
leiomyosarcoma of the small intestine is an uncommon tumor .	小肠道的白细胞瘤是一种常见的肿瘤 。
faultstring is a human readable description of the fault .	故障字符串是故障可读的描述 。
launch an effort to get together the various departments .	共同开展各种部门的努力 。
very possible that you don't meet any one of these two conditions .	很可能你不遇到这两个条件之一 。
mom: you just care about this ? haven't you compared other things ?	妈妈:你只是关心这个吗 ? 你没有比别的东西呢 ?
the cristae of the mitochondria are arranged closely .	微克里亚的克里斯塔密切地安排 。
winter morning , most of the bleak shantang should be it snow !	冬天早上 , 大多数突破的山塘应该是雪 !
i thought it would raise a smile with people at the exhibition .	我想 , 与展览中有一个笑容 。
can i get some phenobarbital , something to calm this guy down ?	我能得到一些酒吧 , 某些东西可以平静这个家伙呢 ?
if you keep on collection , in time you'll have a wealth of data .	如果你继续收集 , 你会有财富的数据 。
the “others” were asleep , while they both breathed the same fever .	两人都呼吸同样的热 。
oh , i love new orleans , but i want to go home and visit tara .	哦 , 我喜欢新奥尔良 , 但我想回家去塔拉 。
i will be 96 , so i will be making films very , very slowly .	我将是96岁的 , 所以我会很慢地做电影 。
thanks obama for all the nasa cuts . you big dummy .	谢奥巴马为所有美国航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航天
back to what we do should be for all the limitless affectionate and so back to .	回到我们应该为所有无限的感情 , 所以回归 。
however , by year end , it has been found : it is a false alarm .	然而 , 到年底 , 它已经发现了:它是一个错误的警报 。
most who unveil hisagendas deserve the condemnation they receive。	大多数人都要求他们接受的矛盾 。
tom: i feel very depressed and don't feel like doing anything .	汤姆:我感觉非常沮丧 , 不要感觉自己做任何事情 。
this is a major step and also can be the most tedious step in tuning .	这是一个主要步骤 , 也可以是调整最严重的步骤 。
spammers also have become more sophisticated about exploiting trust .	垃圾分子也对开发信任更加复杂 。
mission control said sharipov had reported that the crew were feeling fine .	任务控制说 , 沙利波夫已经报道 , 船员感觉很好 。
players on its own strength , through hard work then realize their dreams .	玩家自身的力量 , 然后通过艰苦的工作实现他们的梦想 。
a: absolutely . it gives the team a scoring chance .	绝对是 , 它给球队一个分数机会 。
the bridge ways that you form and that all of you know are made of this vitality .	您所知的桥梁是由这个活力组成的 。
we have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the sweater .	我们两个裙子和裤子都看起来很好 。
because people always sit in the closestools in washrooms .	因为人们总是坐在洗室里 。
on the two ends are designs of a blue dragon and a white tiger .	两端是蓝龙和白虎的设计 。
mining for malware there's gold in them thar proxy logs !	为malware有金在他们的thar代理日志上 !
lao k: sorry , second young master . can i say a word ?	对不起 , 第二位年轻师 。 我能说一句话吗 ?
i like norma because she's genuine person and never puts on side .	我喜欢诺玛 , 因为她是真正的人 , 永远不放在面上 。
what if last night god destroyed my soul and put in a new soul ?	如果昨晚神摧毁了我的灵魂 , 放进一个新的灵魂呢 ?
the development of dark tourism from edge to typical in practice .	从边缘到典型的黑暗旅游发展 。
may we all embrace life with love and faith , happiness and compassion .	愿我们所有与爱与诚信、幸福和兼容的嵌入生活 。
thus another form of generosity is sharing the word of god .	因此 , 另一种形式是共享神的言语 。
i buried my head under the quilts , but my aunt heard me .	我把头埋在斜坡下 , 但我的姨听见我 。
mining and oil stocks moved lower , especially in london .	矿石和石油股市移动较低 , 尤其是在伦敦 。
the unique imaging findings have never been reported in literature .	独特的成像发现从未在文学中报道 。
the thirdgraders are having a traffic education lesson .	第三年级的交通教育课程 。
hell for some time , full of murderous look will become more angry .	你好几次 , 充满谋杀的看法会变得更愤怒 。
you and i are particulars ; your favorite chair is a particular .	你和我特别是 , 你最喜欢的椅子是一个特别的 。
it's been a heartbreakingly tragic two months for coal .	这是一两个月的煤炭的悲剧性 。
seconds out . let's go . what do we do ? tell me what to do .	我们做什么 ? 告诉我怎么做 。
extract the contents of the festivalwin32 . zip file .	提取节日win32.zip文件的内容 。
the maid comes with god's blessing , and must be obeyed .	女人和上帝的祝福 , 必须遵守 。
it cannot easily be palpated on physical examination .	物理考试不容易渗透 。
the economic outlook deteriorates significantly ; or	经济勘探显著恶化 ;
the birds by aristophanes – (download pdf)	阿里斯托邦的鸟- ( 下载pdf
click and drag from the start to endpoint that you wish to measure .	点击和拖动从开始到端点 , 您希望测量 。
stir in basil . spoon curry over rice . serve .	搅拌在巴西尔 。 斯潘曲线过米 。 服务 。
component gis software is the opposite of application software .	组件gis软件是应用软件对应的 。
but i think unless you marry it , inherit it or work really hard for it ,	但是 , 除非你结婚 , 继承它或工作很难 。
and we've seen them before from the macroscopic point of view .	我们从宏观角度看到了他们 。
can the world really afford another risk of this magnitude ?	世界能否真正保证这个巨大的风险 ?
results:in rau , there was large amount of inflame cells .	结果:在rau中 , 有大量的炎细胞 。
computer science: $56 , 400 / $97 , 400	计算机科学:$56 , 400美元/97 , 400美元
rubin claims the gizmo can even improve your sex life .	rubin声称gizmo甚至可以改善你的性生活 。
is it possible fme to see the harbour in person today ?	今天看到哈尔伯尔的港口吗 ?
airing is under ventilated place , drying machine is not allowed .	空气在通风场下 , 干燥机不允许 。
alex: no , i will take my 6yearold daughter with me .	阿历克斯:不 , 我将带我6岁的女儿和我一起 。
at the last lap john held him , and then began to pick up on him .	在最后一夫约翰拿着他 , 然后开始把他拿起来 。
patsy divorced her husband and is now living alone .	帕特西离婚丈夫 , 现在只是独自生活 。
procrastination is spending 30 mins looking for the right pen .	支出30分钟 , 寻找正确的笔 。
she doesn't end the mask stuck to comus' chair .	她不结束面具的椅子 。
did you know 65 percent of women have curly hair ? [1]	你知道65%的女性有毛 ?
volume control was provided by a mccormack micro line drive .	由mccormack微线驱动提供的体积控制 。
it feels as if they are whipping my face with wire whips .	它感觉如果他们正在用线绳擦我的脸 。
jia sixie is wellknown as a pioneer in farming .	嘉西是一名农民领先人 。
the short scaling time series have multifractal properties .	短尺度时间序列具有多分形性能 。
i ordered the hairy crab , but you gave me the green crab .	我订单了头发蟹 , 但你给我带来了绿色蟹 。
they shot poisoned arrows from behind the thick bushes .	他们从厚的公车后面射出毒箭 。
story of cultural symbols of china's mentorship .	我国文化象征的故事 。
continue pushing foward and success will eventually meet you .	继续推动前进 , 成功最终会遇到你 。
you can turn any email address into a google account .	你可以将任何电子邮件地址转换成谷歌账户 。
cold shut is not acceptable on " a " surfaces .	冷闭并不可接受 " 表面 " 。
haikou is the capit's city of hainan province .	海口是海南省的城市 。
the current director is professor wang keqiang .	现任董事是王keiang教授 。
that attitude affects idiomatic patterns as well .	这种态度也影响了偶像模式 。
it’s a great complement to rice dishes , soups and pasta .	饭菜、汤和巴斯塔是一个很好的补充 。
a good painting is shown before people as each drawing is done to the point .	一个好的绘画是在每一幅画面上完成的 。
if you want to add foshan , then our bank said that you should have other swift .	如果你想添加foshan , 那么我们银行说你应该有其他的转换 。
few of the men of the round table had much heart to dispel them .	圆桌的男人有很多心去消失他们 。
you probably won't even risk injury or go hungry .	你可能甚至不会冒险伤害或饥饿 。
as we all know , the character of internet is fictitious and doubleacting .	正如我们所知道的一切 , 互联网的特点是虚拟的和双作用 。
it looks at things like fashion , how people wear different clothes .	它看起来像时装 , 人们如何穿不同衣服 。
handy to use and you may enjoy your flower tea anywhere !	你可以在任何地方享受花茶 !
vacuum sweeper with robust petrol engine for outdoor use .	真空喷油机用于室外使用 。
when it is cloudy , i am cold , impuissant and sad .	当它是云时 , 我是寒冷的 , 诱惑和悲伤的 。
i would be grumpy and cause those around me to be unhappy .	我会是贪婪的 , 使我周围的那些不幸福 。
you called it a script kiddy language , remember ?	你叫它一个脚本的孩子语言 , 记得吗 ?
they then created a simple mathematical model of what's going on .	然后 , 他们创建了一个简单的数学模型 。
the first and each subsequent bezier spline requires only three points .	第一和每个随后的bezierspra行只需三点 。
where myth clashes with myth , it is however a very real clash .	然而 , 神话与神话的地方 , 却是一个非常真正的破裂 。
the second place we visited was monaco ville with the palace .	我们访问的第二个地方是蒙纳科村 。
this button hook makes dressing with one hand easier and quicker .	这个按钮钩使一个手更容易和更快 。
this time it was those in the businessjet industry who cringed .	这个时候 , 商业喷油行业是谁哭的 。
then change your default gateway and hit the enter key twice .	然后改变默认门 , 打击输入关键两倍 。
finally , this paper discusses the procedures and applications of jmi .	最后讨论了jmi的程序和应用 。
shoichiro toyoda says he doesn't recall the meeting .	丰田表示 , 他不回忆会 。
we were completely amazed at the wonder and the greatness of nature .	我们完全惊讶 , 自然的伟大 。
there is no such thing as nothingness , and zero does not exist .	没有这样的东西 , 零没有存在 。
the amish people are living peacefully in our midst , slow development .	我们中期和平生活 , 慢发展 。
the canvas pane is where all the viewer portlets are placed .	所有观众portlet都放置在哪里 。
antoni gaudi , from spain , main object of the thesis .	安东尼高迪是西班牙的主要对象 。
the receptionist asks , “have you ever seen a doctor ?	接待者问: " 你看过一名医生吗 ?
finally a vanity tool that doesnâ€tmt despise you !	最后 , 一个毫无疑问的工具 !
you have your work , your entertainment and your firends . i have only you .	你有你的工作、娱乐和你的火灾 。 我只有你 。
every day there are seven lessons . this is my timetable for monday .	每天都有七课 , 这是我周一的时间 。
you are the ones on earth who open the gate to the light .	你是在地球上打开门口的一个 。
we have the example of the banking system and the car industry .	我们有银行系统和汽车行业的例子 。
the glass hit the corner of the table and broke on impact .	玻璃撞击桌子的角落 , 冲击对冲击 。
the late arrived of the ship had messed up all our plans .	后来的船已经消失了我们的计划 。
a lot of asexual people do want relationships and children .	很多异性的人都想关系和孩子 。
smetimes a beetle lost its way in the passages .	时候 , 一个啤酒丢失了路线 。
however , where you can eat authentic donkey to fire it ?	然而 , 你可以在哪里吃真正的驴子来消防它吗 ?
he was in a tiny capsule called friendship 7 .	他被称为友谊7 。
you know , do these things that i have no future , you know , in .	你知道 , 这些我没有未来的东西 , 你知道 。
anti corruption is a big issue of practice and theory .	反腐败是实践理论的一个大问题 。
for the first time , i felt like i was running into the wilderness .	第一次 , 我觉得我跑进野蛮 。
the university boasts a team of welltrained teachers .	大学拥有一支良好的教师 。
but a strong volcker rule just might take the cake away .	但是 , 强大的摇滚规则可能会把蛋糕离开 。
the renderer determines the quality of your final render .	渲染器决定您最终渲染器的质量 。
wildflowers of different colors brighten the rocky land .	不同色彩的野花 。
project only for those , who have suomi as mother language .	只有对那些有苏玛丽的母语的项目 。
what you need is an xml version of the directory listing .	您需要的是目录清单的xml版本 。
adam and eve conversed with god in the garden of eden .	亚当和埃德伦花园与神交谈 。
pingping's mother is one of the district nurses .	平平平的母亲是地区护士之一 。
she expertly slid the hypodermic needle into my vein .	她专家把假肢针放到我的静脉里 。
please amend your copy of the contract accordingly .	请按照合同的复制 。
eg . he says his friend is confident in turning the table .	他说他的朋友是自信转桌子 。
she implored piteously a voice choked with sobs .	她用sobs把声音放在一起 。
you want to know how quickly is the other side going to get hot ?	你想知道别的一面要多快呢 ?
he shouted and rapped with his walking stick on the door .	他喊着 , 跟他走在门上 。
the children build sandcastles on the beach .	孩子们在海滩上建造沙弹 。
it's the final gasp of the burst housing bubble .	这是爆炸室泡沫的最后一次空间 。
and if it sounds good , ask if there’s any way i can see their results .	如果听起来很好 , 问如果我能看到他们的结果 。
in starcraft , some units had instant attack animations .	在星际上 , 有些单位有瞬间攻击动画 。
this new painkiller doe 't take long to act on the pain ?	这位新的痛苦者不长时间在痛苦上行动吗 ?
could we pretend that this is a normal first date between two normal people ?	我们可以预言这是两个正常人之间的第一次日期吗 ?
i later found out the world is full of victors , of people saying no .	后来我发现世界是充满胜利者 , 有些人说不 。
once those are finished you can use your res . to make garages .	一旦这些完成你可以使用你的休息 , 让垃圾 。
still , there were young men willing to ride for the pony express .	然而 , 还有年轻人愿意骑着波尼的表达 。
it shows all infos from the header and dumps records...	它显示了所有从头部和饺子的内容...
they can tell us a lot about the history of trading on sea .	他们可以告诉我们很多关于海上交易史的历史 。
in part 1 , you learned how to create an obex server application .	在第1部分中 , 您学习如何创建一个obex服务器应用程序 。
on the whole it's a good plan and we shouldn't nitpick .	在整个情况下 , 我们不应该是一个好计划 , 而且我们不应该npick 。
separate the essence of the test from the implementation details .	从实现细节中分离测试的本质 。
you didn't realize how much part of your life it was going to become .	你没有意识到你生活中的多少部分 , 它会变成多少 。
place smaller sticks crosswise to make a lattice effect .	将更小的坚持交叉 , 以使乳化效果 。
he mutilated the nun and stuffed into a closet .	他突变了nun并把它放进一个闭环 。
geminis are often good at language , speaking and writing .	格明尼斯通常是语言、语言和写作的好处 。
i paid for the beers so i call dibs on the last bottle .	我为啤酒付了 , 所以我在最后一个瓶子上打电话 。
and i can tell you at that point i wished i was back in canada .	我可以告诉你 , 我希望我在加拿大回来 。
you'll need to calculate how much time the assignment will take .	你需要计算多少时间的分配时间 。
a but not tomorrow night . . . when are you next free ?	但明天晚上没有 。 你下一个自由的时候 ?
marylebone station was packed with homeward bound commuters .	马里尔本站被包装在家庭边界电脑 。
do not leave when she is poor , ill , or unbeautiful .	当她贫困、病或不美的时候 , 不要留下 。
let us be determined not to collect grievances today .	让我们今天不要收集贪婪 。
conclusion:asqa had good reliability and construct validity .	结论:asqa具有良好的可靠性和有效性 。
study group and control group had isonitrogenous and isocaloric intake .	研究组和对照组具有异源性和异位摄入 。
g1/2 " 2perpendicular entries with hung cover . "	g1/2 " 与黄盖的2个独立条款 " 。
with the development of science , computer increasingly popular .	随着科学的发展 , 计算机越来越流行 。
you've got to hand it to the bottled water industry .	你必须把它交给瓶装水工业 。
with things as such , we‘ll have to let things slide .	随着这样的事情 , 我们必须让事情滑动 。
flyfish the spring creeks of paradise valley .	飞行天堂谷的春天演讲 。
franklin: i peeked at one letter , that's all .	弗兰克林:我在一封信上说 , 这是一切 。
peddling a handful can lead to a 15year sentence .	把握一个手能导致一个15年的句子 。
little duck says: spring is a gentle and soft river .	小鸭说:春天是一条柔软的河 。
tonight jobs cleared up the matter once and for all .	今晚工作清理了事情 , 所有 。
please pass me that pile of semicircular tiles .	请向我传那堆半圆砖 。
men scoured the country looking for the lost child .	男子在寻找失去孩子的国家 。
guixi city shizhi compiling committee office ?	贵西市石西编译委员会办公室吗 ?
whom the gods destroy , we number1 do mad .	谁是神破坏 , 我们的数字1做疯了 。
house: only an idiot gets between ahab and his whale .	房子:只有一只白痴和他的鲸之间 。
for me , personally , i can really see both sides to the coin .	对我来说 , 我真可以看到两个双方的硬币 。
“from many cotton plants , ” the man answered .	" 很多棉花 , " 男人回答道 。
or you can begin to " work " to make your sex life more exciting .	或者你可以开始 " 工作 " 以使你的性生活更激动 。
because of film editing , we couldn't see the whole show .	由于电影编辑 , 我们不能看到整个节目 。
how do children and teens experience depression ?	儿童和青少年的抑郁 ?
where is now monk xuanzang of the tang dynasty ?	唐代的僧人徐子在哪里 ?
okay ? ! possibly . or you . okay .	好吗 ? 可能 。 或你 。 好吧 。
the otaku the media picks up on are usually this kind .	otaku的媒体通常是这样的 。
wen wen practicing her backward crossover in dec 2010 .	2010年12月 , 温文实践了她的背跨越 。
what are the units here ? we write 12 . 011 .	我们写了12.011 。
aim: to study the constituents of abrus mollis hance .	目的:研究brusmollis的组成部分 。
antony goes for projects on a massive scale .	安东尼在大规模的项目上去 。
and it deepens household and community poverty .	深化家庭和社区贫困 。
this aspect of luke's work has occasioned much discussion .	卢克工作的这一方面有很多讨论 。
standards for drinking water have been improved continuously .	饮用水标准持续提高 。
'of course , ' ms . darling sneers .	" 当然 , " 达林先生说 。
i quickly put all the socks are washed over again .	我很快把所有袜子都洗了 。
chandler: blue blazer back . hehe wants it back .	查德勒:蓝色破裂器 , 他想回来 。
no one questions china’s civilian control of the military .	没有一个问题 , 中国的民事控制军事 。
holyflag will be customized for the entire handling process .	假旗将被定制为整个处理过程 。
the filial piety is the center of retirement throughout .	文化皮是整个退休中心 。
no04 , 5 . i don't know how to thank you for all your help .	诺04 , 5 。 我不知道怎么感谢你所有的帮助 。
i have so much to do today . i am run off my feet .	今天我有太多的办法 , 我跑了脚 。
the company did not say in the filing which banks loaned the money .	公司并没有在文件中说 , 银行贷款 。
after about half an hour , i realised i really needed to fart .	在大约一半小时之后 , 我意识到我真需要快速 。
love is , and it can last , if we remember our differences .	爱是 , 如果我们记得我们的不同 。
leo: now , if you’ll just follow me to the lounge .	李:现在 , 如果你只要跟我去伦敦 。
this life , this love that you and i have been dreaming of , for so long .	这个生命 , 这个爱你和我一直梦想着 , 因为这么长 。
the poor man at last was eased and hence lived happily .	最后 , 穷人很容易 , 因此幸福 。
the warning is based on the latest 5day weather forecasts .	警告基于最近5天的天气预测 。
ma kang is a good friend of mine , and a unique one .	马康是我的好朋友 , 一个独特的朋友 。
it is a basic emotion with a characteristic facial expression .	它是一种具有特征面表达的基本情感 。
triumphing over death , and chance , and thee , o time .	跳过死亡 , 机会 , 时间 。
a popup tip will tell you whether it is on or off .	一个popuptp会告诉你是否在或离开 。
these things could change if you learn how to manage your violence .	如果你学会如何管理暴力的话 , 这些事情可以改变 。
huang zongzhi is one of the most famous legal historian .	黄宗子是最著名的法律史学家之一 。
he has been given a label " playboy " by his friends .	他被朋友给了一个标签 " 游戏男孩 " 。
it's also unbelievable to me that he would ever end his life .	这也不能相信他永远会结束他的生命 。
each of us dipped a finger into the mixture and sucked it .	我们每个人都把手指放进混合物中 , 然后把它弄成 。
the caribbean waters there are also perfect for scuba diving .	加勒比亚水也有很好的水 。
an airraid alarm sounded in the depths of night .	夜间的深度声响 。
they would like to after a long night can see by the morning glow !	他们愿意在一天早上看到一场很长的夜晚 !
dougong was widely used in the spring and autumn period .	在春秋期广泛应用 。
will judge hudson's decision be upheld on appeal ?	胡德森的决定是否会在呼吁上诉 ?
i thought it would help . you're the best , you know that ?	我想这会帮助 。 你是最好的 , 你知道吗 ?
and why do we make it so hard to amend our constitution .	为什么我们很难修改我们的宪法 。
no one near seems to be thinking , or feeling , or working .	似乎没有人想到 , 或者感觉 , 或者工作 。
afterwards , ao patient about aunt and monica a pile .	后来 , ao患者关于姨妈和蒙妮卡一桩 。
great minds think alike , but fools seldom differ .	伟大的思维想像 , 但愚蠢的差异很少 。
many people with foot pain can get relief just by losing weight .	许多人可以通过减肥重来减肥 。
i will never draw like them . but they will never draw like me .	我永远不喜欢他们 , 但他们永远不喜欢我 。
i could not control and make selfrepression on such rational basic .	我不能控制并对这种理性基础进行自抑制 。
he was just a person . he was avoiding eye contact .	他只是个人 , 避免眼睛接触 。
this group was laid out and arranged in accordance with buddhist cosmology .	这个团体按佛教宇宙学建立并配置 。
determine the relationship qiang shen and qin day together very happy .	确定张沈和秦天的关系非常高兴 。
runners who lost more than 3% of their weight during the run finished fastest .	在最快的运行期间 , 失去了超过3%的运行者 。
the weekold peace talks there between the two sides were near collapse .	周龄的和平会谈在崩溃附近 。
there was a relationship between the conductance activation energy and detergency .	导电活性能与变性之间存在着一定的关系 。
our brains are roughly 25 percent larger than those of the late homo erectus .	我们的大脑比晚期同性直肠大约25% 。
they stood on the top of the mountain , watching the sun rising in the east .	他们站在山顶上 , 看着太阳在东方上升 。
yueliangshan fault is the east segment of haiyuan fault zone .	岳梁山断裂是海源断裂区东段 。
we'll be reading his essay on suicide . hume died , had an illness .	我们将自杀阅读他的文章 。 哈姆死了 , 病了 。
there is only one practicing spot here in liuyang . i have been there for only three times .	在刘阳只有一个实践点 , 我只有三次 。
in the center of town is a pair of 20footlong sheet metal shidas .	在城中心是一对20英尺的金属盾塔 。
together with the avalokitesvara figure in the middle , 33 in total .	在中间 , 33岁的阿瓦克斯瓦拉图一起 。
the little ship tried to escape when the big pirate ship bore down on it .	小船试图逃离大海盗船在它上空的时候 。
he was standing almost broadside , his great head up and turned toward them .	他站着几乎宽阔 , 大头抬起来 , 转向他们 。
but i think it will be wiser of lee to put your best side outward , ' she added .	但我觉得李将是你最好的一面 , " 她补充道 。
a loving husband who treats me like a queen yet everyday i remember .	一个爱的丈夫 , 每天我都记得一位女王 。
their metabolism and the mechanism of antifatigue are elaborated in this paper .	阐述了抗疲劳的代谢作用和作用机理 。
little birds and pigs now come in the form of edible cake toppers .	小鸟和猪现在来源于食用蛋糕的形式 。
obtain the essential feature that is larcenous behavior secretly .	得到一种严肃的行为特征 。
you know that the function of a protein is intimately related to its structure .	你知道蛋白的功能与其结构有关 。
18they divide my garments among them and cast lots for my clothing .	18岁的时候 , 我的服装分开了很多衣服 。
it is nto the same thing to have a bare field in january and in juluy .	同样的事情在一月份和六月份都有一个不足的领域 。
steering gear is the most important component of the automotive veering system .	转向齿轮是汽车输送系统的重要组成部分 。
sitting comfortably at number three is bagan temple and pagodas .	坐在数字三号是巴根寺和巴哥达斯 。
it is characterized by containing concave and convex rod stone powder in said paste .	包含凹凸和凸棒石粉的特点 。
currently sharp does not make compressors , a key air conditioner component .	目前尚不制造压缩机 , 关键空调组件 。
to provide monitoring , inspection and technical guidance for food hygiene ;	为食品卫生提供监测、检查和技术指导 ;
around tenthirty that night , they ended up back in madeleine’s dorm room .	晚上十三点 , 他们终于回到马德琳的宿舍房间 。
the actual rate discount would have to be applied in the credit card management system .	实际的速率折扣必须在信用卡管理系统中应用 。
he is not only the pride of the people in hainan , but also the pride of people all over the world .	他不仅是海南人民的骄傲 , 也是世界各地的人民的骄傲 。
main components: a variety of aromatic ketones and aromatic esters .	主要成分:各种芳烃和芳香树脂 。
this article has a brief review on holocene climate changes in mongolia .	本文简要介绍了蒙古地区全球气候变化的概况 。
in the scene turns the large flame often gushes out to the window outside .	在场景中 , 大火通常在窗外吹出来 。
to handle an invalid contract must abide by the principle of restitution .	要处理有效的合同 , 必须遵循复制原则 。
optimistic , tigers always bounce back for new and fresh challenges .	乐观 , 老虎总是对新鲜挑战的重新兴起来 。
many of the people of darwin escaped by hiding in cellars that night .	许多达尔文人在夜间隐藏的细胞中逃离 。
i'm not doubting for a moment the sincerity of the couple's distress .	我并不怀疑夫妇的罪恶 。
the first section of this article ponders the corporation in the point of view of right and power .	本文第一部分对权利和权力的观点进行分析 。
we did talk about changing it , but feared it would only be perceived as a nerf .	我们谈论改变它 , 但恐惧只会被视为一个nef 。
your parents tell you to boil herbs and stay inside when you get sick .	你的父母告诉你在你病的时候 , 然后留下来 。
the club only has an 18hole green fee and caddie fee at weekends .	俱乐部只有18孔绿费和周末费用 。
virtually every new company complains about the difficulty of raising seed capital .	几乎每家新公司抱怨提高种子资本困难 。
i desire no further advice from you , ' answered mr linton .	林顿先生回答说 , 我不愿意从你身上进一步建议 。
i have a stomachache . i think i got some bad food at lunch today .	我有一个胃痛 。 我觉得今天午餐吃了一些坏食 。
good moring , mr . smith . i am sunfang coming for an interview .	好莫林 , 史密斯先生 。 我来了一次采访 。
half a shovelful has fallen off . ) evil's mask of innocence .	半个鞋子已经落下了 , 邪恶的面罩 。
mt . 10:23 and when they persecute you in this city , flee into another .	10:23 , 当他们在这个城市里偷你时 , 飞到另一个城市 。
let's look at the curriculum for the robotics engineering program at wpi .	让我们看一下wpi的机器人工程程课程 。
i think it was you i sent , " he added , addressing the staffofficer . "	我觉得你是我送的 , " 他补充道 。
i thenrealizedi had no right to place myself abovehimjust because he was busking .	然后我没有权利 , 因为他是公共汽车 。
the train was full of proles , in holiday mood because of the summery weather .	由于夏天的天气 , 火车充满了繁荣 , 在节日的情绪 。
he spent over ten thousand us dollars to buy a table filled with holes .	他花了十万美元买一张桌子填满洞 。
diluted earnings per american depositary share came to $1 . 26 .	每股美国存款股票上涨1.26美元 。
" some were thrilled that caesar had died , and some were horrified , " he said .	他说: " 有些人被吓死了 , 有些人被吓得恐怖 。 "
between history and the eternal i have chosen history because i like certainties .	在历史和永恒之间 , 我选择了历史 , 因为我喜欢肯定 。
the discovery also reveals how male squid compete for female mating partners .	发现也揭示了男性快速竞争女性伙伴的男性 。
improved management of the cadre and personnel files of the rules and regulations .	提高规则和规范的干部和人员文件的管理 。
red narrating: you could argue he'd done it to carry favor with the guards .	红叙述:你可以争辩他要与卫队携带 。
it's so nice to have you today . please come and see me again sometime .	今天你很好 , 请再看看我 。
thousands of militants traded in guns for stipends and training .	数以万计的军方交易员在枪上和训练 。
roundtrip economy class air ticket for hong kong and gold coast on sq . .	香港和金海岸环境经济课票 。
above , an artist's conception of the space launch system blasting off .	上面 , 一个艺术家的空间发射系统的概念 。
the idc has a more uniform work function distribution than an oxide cathode .	idc具有比氧化氧阴极更平衡的工作功能分布 。
many of jones' old friends join his team , along with some new ones .	许多琼斯的老朋友加入他的团队 , 沿着一些新的团队 。
artists using this method of mixing colours to draw are called " pointillism " .	艺术家使用这种混合颜色的方法被称为 " 点击主义 " 。
because i really want to understand what it is like for a son and a father to relate each other .	因为我真想理解一个儿子和父亲关系的事情 。
scientists are conducting sampling to understand the threats from water pollution .	科学家们正在进行采样 , 以理解水污染的威胁 。
just permit the dime that she so shrinks in the carriage , allow her to so wail .	只要允许她这样的车里那么闪烁 , 允许她如此wail 。
the effects of sedation may make you forget what you were instructed after the procedure .	睡眠的效果可能使你忘记你在程序之后被指导的东西 。
he chuckled slightly and blushed . " yeah , that was my girl . "	他轻轻轻地冲着 , 冲了 。 " 是的 , 那是我的女孩 。 "
cut the fish fillet in chunks , marinate it with some salt and pepper .	用一些盐和辣椒切割鱼肉 。
our company is specialized in the production of pet collar , traction with the enterprise .	我公司专业生产宠物核心 , 跟踪企业 。
after years of ross mooning over rachel , she finally found out that he was in love with her .	她终于发现他爱她 。
to spirit , getting is meaningless and giving is all . t5 . i . 1 . 7	为了精神 , 获得无意义 , 给予全部 。 t5 。
and " change " refers to unleashing staff potential through deepening reform .	" 改革 " 指通过深化改革来解放员工潜力 。
when someone drives a perfect car in an improper manner , no one blames the car...	当有人驾驶完美的汽车时 , 没有人责任汽车...
the user can also select another language and read content in that language .	用户也可以选择另一个语言和阅读内容 。
if you’re a fan of the bubbly , you could try seltzer water instead .	如果你是泡沫的粉丝 , 你就可以尝试盐水替代 。
therefore hear now this , thou afflicted , and drunken , but not with wine	所以你现在听到了这一点 , 你冲了 , 喝醉了 , 但不要喝酒 。
abundant kidneyyang warms and promotes all the viscera and organs .	丰富的肾阳暖和促进所有vicera和器官 。
there are many methods to solve the one kind of ion reactions for the problem of groundwater .	有很多方法解决地下水问题的离子反应 。
lather enhancer advantage in shampoos , soap , and facial wash .	激光增强剂在山坡、肥皂和面部洗涤中优势 。
the best physicians are dr . diet , dr quiet and dr . merryman .	最好的物理学家是迪特博士 , 安静博士和默里曼博士 。
the longterm bull market trendline drawn from 2001 has remained intact .	长期牛市趋势从2001年出现的趋势仍然完全 。
meattextured fish protein concentrate is a new product developed in 1980's .	鱼蛋白浓度是1980年发展的一种新产品 。
hook the small prawn from tail to head for fishing prawns and small fish .	把尾巴带到头部 , 用鱼和小鱼 。
she waited for narcissus to speak first , and prepared her answer .	她等着纳西斯的第一次讲话 , 准备她的答案 。
if i didn't study , i would buy a baby rabbit like mr . wu .	如果我没有学习 , 我会买一个像吴先生这样的婴儿兔子 。
a group of people starts a business and they say , let's divide up the proceeds .	一个人开始一个业务 , 他们说 , 让我们分开程序 。
otherwise , you're wasting a bit , so to speak , unnecessarily .	否则 , 你正在浪费一点 , 所以说话不必要 。
relationalism is the essence of practical materialism and piagets theory .	关系主义是实际的物质主义和pits理论的本质 。
antiaustralia graffiti is sprinkled around the capital , dili .	反澳大利亚草坪被喷洒在首都迪利 。
lounge patrons desperately wanted to imbibe the essence of all this .	洛杉矶帕伦斯绝望希望把这一切的本质放在一起 。
modern cpus contain a subsystem known as the memory management unit .	现代cpus包含一个名为内存管理单元的子系统 。
police said sunday that the death toll in the shooting rose to 86 .	警方周日表示 , 死亡人数升至86人 。
the invention discloses a microbial inoculum and a preparation method thereof .	本发明公开了一种微生物细胞和制备方法 。
youth , in particular , are seen as beacons of innovation and creativity .	尤其是青少年 , 被视为创新和创造力 。
she also advises against anything with the words " antiaging . "	她同样建议任何与 " 反老化 " 的话 。
the editorinchief blue penciled the article written by his reporter .	编辑蓝铅笔记者写的文章 。
to date , there have been 63 , 595 sales through the torontomls system this year .	至于日期 , 今年已有63 , 595个销售 。
i made a statement on our website that freddie is and will be part of our squad .	我在我们的网站上发表声明 , 弗雷迪将是我们的一部分 。
everyone else tweaking their sites for their own use can do anything they want and will !	其他人都用自己的用户都可以做任何他们想要和愿意的东西 !
later in the season , despite good planning , product starts to run out unevenly .	随后赛季 , 尽管好规划 , 产品开始不均匀运行 。
time for striver is kind of treasure , for lazy person , is a kind of burden .	先锋是一种宝藏 , 对于拉齐人来说 , 是一种负担 。
our silks are known for good quality . they are one of our traditional exports .	我们的丝绸被称为优质 , 是我们传统的出口之一 。
if you build your team from start , you will have much easyer time in the future .	如果你从开始建立你的团队 , 你将有很容易的时间在未来 。
but even so , the two sister still can not help but think she is the advantage of their home .	但即使如此 , 两妹仍然不能帮助 , 但认为她是他们家的优势 。
figure 1 shows a screen capture of the application , a bar graph of yearly results .	图1显示应用程序的屏幕捕获 , 年度结果 。
my mouth was wide open when i entered the cup room in via turati .	我的嘴巴很广泛 , 当我进入了马拉蒂的杯室 。
imagine another 250 million people urbanising china over the next 20 years .	想象另外25000万人在未来20年的城市化 。
you can hover over vertical arrows to get details on the locks being held .	您可以在垂直箭头上获得详细的锁 。
these landforms were dubbed tiankeng , or " naturally formed pits " .	这些地形被称为天城 , 或者 " 自然形成的坑 " 。
if the ball arrives one second beforehand , will you yield it to the wind ?	如果球在第二秒前到达 , 你会把它放到风中吗 ?
button shaped beads pendant , earing , a meson , welcome to order !	按钮形状的珠子 , 耳朵 , 儿子 , 欢迎订单 !
as to what and how to release , the authorities will comply with relevant laws .	正如何释放的那样 , 当局将符合相关法律 。
journalist: mr lin , do you think this is a very nice chance for bening ?	记者:林先生 , 你认为这是一个很好的机会吗 ?
twiggy was a little of both boy and girl , a mirror of her time .	twiggy是个小男孩和女孩的镜子 。
if the market goes his way , he waits to be proven even more right bigger is better .	如果市场走路 , 他等待证明更多的权利更好 。
after a moment’s hesitation , tweener reaches out and takes the burger .	在一个时刻的犹豫之后 , tweener到达了 , 然后拿着手机 。
the world in general , and even more your briny world , accepts flogging .	一般来说 , 世界越来越多 , 接受了新的世界 。
stack two 1 . 4x is better than one 2x in terms of picture quality .	在图像质量方面 , 栈两个1.4x比一个2x更好 。
listen to the tape and find out the main idea of this article and how it is organized .	听这篇文章的主要思想 , 以及如何组织 。
1923 insulin first became generally available for use by diabetics .	1923年胰岛素一般用于糖尿病的使用 。
of course , not all longstanding restaurants are celebrity haunts .	当然 , 不所有悠久的餐馆都是名人帽子 。
effect analysis: day heart to have the devil body , brandied denied .	效果分析:日心有魔鬼身体 , 分支否认 。
the bride was delighted , kissed him , and loved him with all of her heart .	新娘很高兴 , 亲吻他 , 爱他一切心 。
you will be able to swap hotbar configurations at the same time you swap specs .	同时 , 您可以在swapspecs上扫描热栏配置 。
there are many drove past some rubber estate around in kuala lumpur .	在kalalumpur周围有许多车辆过去 。
vanda miss joaquim is the national flower of singapore .	范达错过约奎姆是新加坡国家花 。
objective to establish quality standard for compound zhuanggu capsule .	目的建立复合张光胶囊的质量标准 。
investigation and study of medicinal plants over yao wang mountain .	姚武山医用植物研究 。
however , this defeats the strong typing of the anonymous type .	然而 , 这打败了匿名类型的强类型 。
sun yuwen was an important figure of late qing dynasty .	孙元文是清代晚期的重要数字 。
the coming of automation is bound tohave important social consequences .	自动化的未来具有重要社会后果 。
this was the realisation that many children here can’t afford to go school .	这意识到许多孩子不能去学校 。
it's proving very difficult to peg him down to a definite date for completion .	对于完成来说 , 很难把他放到一个定义的日期 。
a lot of the issues we do within epa , or technically , is in nature .	很多我们在epa内做的问题 , 或技术上 , 是自然的 。
the man was an undercover deputy from iredell county sheriff's office .	这个人是来自爱尔德尔县谢里夫的办公室的底部 。
mc: would you please update us about shinhwa members' activities .	麦克:请更新我们关于新华成员的活动 。
we are not told why jesus made some mud and placed it over the man's eyes .	我们不告诉耶稣为什么犯了一些泥泞 , 把它放在人眼中 。
the captain brought the men to attention as the general arrived .	队长带来了男人注意的一般到达 。
your father takes on too much . he forgets he's not growing any younger .	你的父亲太多了 , 他忘了他不成长的年轻 。
you need to have an existing project loaded into the integrated development environment .	您需要有一个集成开发环境的现有项目 。
and , during feiler's battle with cancer , they would fight alongside him .	而且 , 在菲勒与癌症战争期间 , 他们将与他一起战斗 。
henceforth it will be more difficult to avoid customs examination .	因此 , 避免海关考试更难 。
american liquor companies are finding inspiration in the financial crisis .	在金融危机中 , 美国酒公司正在寻找激励 。
it is of reference value to control the pollution of the regional environment .	控制区域环境污染的参考价值 。
keep track of how much you'll need to pay for insurance and office supplies .	跟踪您需要多少钱保险和办公供应 。
concise , after receipt of the g frequently reply in turn good mood .	结论 , 在接收g频繁的回答后 , 通常会有很好的情绪 。
unclaimed bodies of the victims , such as rehabilitation work is under way .	无声称受害者的身体 , 例如康复工作在路下 。
karen: i read about that in a trade mag . it's a new technology .	卡伦:我在贸易杂志阅读这是一个新的技术 。
this is the third in the discussion of the stars that make up the summer triangle .	这是夏季三角星的讨论的第三 。
in play garden , his since actor , it is miscellaneous labour ;	在玩园里 , 他自演员以来 , 它是错误的劳动 ;
using this factory , the following data types used for the service definition were designed .	设计了以下的服务定义使用数据类型 。
the beaver dammed the stream with mud , branches and leaves .	海滩破坏了溪流 , 树枝和叶子 。
let's get some more coffee first . i'd like a sandwich , too .	让我们第一次喝一些咖啡 , 我也喜欢一个三明治 。
i don't want to suggest that sabrina's work is purely erotic here .	我不想建议萨布莱纳的工作是纯粹的浪漫 。
i call this italy's “straits of messina phenomenon .	我称这个意大利的 " 墨西纳现象 " 。
read the directions and directly you will be directed in the right direction .	直接阅读方向 , 您将被指向右向 。
but when the policyholder is mortgages people , the situation should be different .	但当政策持有者是抵押贷款时 , 应该不同 。
this helps the doctor estimate how long you have been pregnant and your due date .	这帮助医生估计你怀孕多久 , 你的日期 。
this ' honing ' is necessary in my opinion because of some reasons .	这是因为一些原因 , 我的意见是必要的 。
when deciding whether or not to refinance , there are many factors to con sider .	当决定是否还是不要融资的时候 , 有很多因素来consider 。
we have seven children in my family . all sisters , excepting me .	我们在家里有七个孩子 。 除了我外 , 所有姐 。
it offers the theoretical foundation for the use of this endosperm specific promoter .	它为使用这个内层特定推广器提供了理论基础 。
when the weather warms up , ice cream shops have lines out their doors .	当天气温暖的时候 , 冰淇淋店已经走出他们的门 。
in his art world , also an impressive spring waters and autumn hills scene .	在艺术界 , 还有一个印象性的春水和秋景 。
and he has discovered many such grassroots experts on douban . com .	他发现了很多草根专家 。
i made whales , fish , and birds of every size , shape and colour .	我制作鲸 , 鱼 , 每个尺寸 , 形状和颜色 。
if two people are meant to be together , eventually they ' ll find their wat back .	如果两个人是一起的 , 最终他们会发现他们的手表回来 。
our evaluation: the parallel web provides no data locality whatsoever .	我们的评价:并行网没有任何数据局部性 。
these restaurant recommendations can be viewed by other friends of yours .	这些餐馆建议可以由您的其他朋友查看 。
i’m trying to remove as many impediments to that as possible .	我试图去除许多可能的情况 。
that he had fed live kittens to sharks . ( " no kittens . "	那个他曾经吃过的厨房去鲨鱼 。
shield and heraldic mail with surcoat show your custom banner .	屏蔽和草本邮件显示您的定义禁止器 。
some believe there are concerns among the central government as well .	有些人相信中央政府也有关心 。
and she passed a crime scene where somebody was shot on the street .	她通过了一个犯罪场景 , 有人在街上拍摄 。
the east end of the chapel projects farther eastwards than the great gate .	第一章东端的项目比大门更快 。
all others who found—and opened bottles—would be put to death .	所有发现的人都发现 , 打开瓶子------------------------------------
in version 6 . 0 , many additional enhancements have been introduced .	在版本6.0中 , 介绍了许多额外的增强 。
pilate therefore , willing to release jesus , spake again to them .	因此 , 愿意释放耶稣 , 再次向他们讲话 。
this product has the functions of antifatigue and adjusting immune .	本产品具有抗疲劳和调节免疫功能 。
firstly , i needed to register domain name with a registrant . for e . g .	首先 , 我需要注册域名并注册注册 。
the cast iron rod bushing provides maximum load bearing support .	铸铁布什提供最大负载支持 。
flower town: yunnan known as " kingdom of plants " .	花城:云南名为 " 植物王国 " 。
here's a frontispiece with rosenberg in a military coat .	在这里 , 罗森伯格和罗森伯格在军事涂层 。
love the team , love the whole team , believe and trust , 4ever .	爱团队 , 爱整个团队 , 相信和信任 , 4 。
the machine is with accessories and suitable for the binging of insole .	机器配件 , 适用于索索尔的翅膀 。
he then changed into overalls and spent the next eight hours as a dustman .	然后他改变成整体 , 把下八个小时作为一个尘土人 。
i gave away a block of cheddar cheese with crumbled bacon in it .	我离开了一块切德达奶酪 , 然后把包裹在这里 。
we came in third . that was because ivor caught a crab right at the start .	我们第三次来了 , 这是因为ivor在开始捕捉了一条蟹 。
the beekeepers did not find dead adult bees as they often do after winter .	冬天 , 养蜂者并没有发现死亡的成年蜜蜂 。
stiga has now managed to combine speed and touch in the same blade .	stiga现在已经经理组合速度和触摸同样的刀片 。
you may override this behavior with the n , or maxargs , parameter .	您可以使用n或maxargs , 参数覆盖这个行为 。
no , you may keep him out the whole night for me , '' i answered .	不 , 你可以把他整晚给我留下来 , " 我回答道 。
at the same time , their sensitivity to the absurd is sharper than ever .	同时 , 他们对吸收的敏感性比以往更明显 。
all good chinese writers who to my mind are worth anything have repudiated it .	所有对我的心灵的好作家都值得重复的东西 。
for whom , for whom , who has waited for eternity in a thousand years ?	对谁来说 , 谁在千年里等待永恒吗 ?
however , the injunction means it will miss out on the opportunity .	然而 , 注射意味着它会错过机会 。
these were led by arthur's halfsister , morgan , who was a witch .	这些是由阿瑟的半姐摩根 , 摩根是一个巫师 。
under kelly , westpac merged with st . george's in 2008 .	在kelly下 , 西方广播公司在2008年与圣乔治合并 。
i ' m calling you because the boy comes from your city , said dr . haydon .	我叫你 , 因为这个男孩来自你的城市 , 海登博士说 。
it was a gloomy picture , but even so we were glad to be back in formosa .	这是一幅漂亮的照片 , 但即使我们很高兴回来 。
though it would mean in reality we would probably look much different or not exist at all .	尽管实际上 , 我们可能会看起来不同或不存在 。
the housing cost is concerned with the vital interests of the billions of people .	房屋成本与数十亿人民的重要利益有关 。
nominations and eight marriages , has died in los angeles at age 79 .	提名和八个婚姻 , 在洛杉矶死于79岁 。
wild campaign charges were made against both polk and clay .	针对波尔克和粘土 , 作出了野外竞选指控 。
and these were different from the areas activated during the initial learning of the sequence .	在序列初始学习中 , 这些区域不同于活动的区域 。
a large press , inlaid with agate and lapislazuli , filled one .	一个大型的新闻 , 标志着agate和lapislazuli , 填充了一个 。
iron the fly area of the pants , then the seams and hem of the first leg .	铁的飞行区域 , 然后第一条腿的缝缝和海姆 。
objective:to observe the action of ningxue decrease piles suppository .	目的:观察宁津市减桩供应库的作用 。
breastfeeding pamphlets are available in our hospital to help you .	在我们的医院可以帮助你 。
in order to properly handle criticism , you also need to properly handle praise .	为了适当处理批评 , 你也需要正确的处理赞扬 。
horrible . unwilling to die ! can not be married , and divorce !	可怕 。 不愿死 ! 不能结婚 , 离婚 !
for it is just as when i feed myself – i don't expect to be rewarded .	因此 , 就像我自己喂的那样 , 我不期待得到奖励 。
poor barry stopped a packet when his car was in collision with a lorry .	穷的巴里停了一包包 , 当他的车与一辆耶和华碰撞时 , 他的车停下来 。
when someone says , " i'm a speaker , " this is generally what they mean .	当某人说: " 我是一个演讲者 , " 这通常是他们意味的 。
saponification slagfly ash can be used in the high fill sections of highway .	可用于高速公路的高填充段 。
the discovery was made by nasa's planethunting telescope kepler .	美国航空飞机飞机望远镜开发的发现 。
his daily work is to riddle coal cinders to get out the larger pieces .	他的日常工作是骑着煤器来取得更大的片子 。
an applied study of radioligand binding assay on some different receptors ;	针对某些不同接收器的辐射和绑定研究 ;
it is far away in the country , but always with me , wherever i am .	远离国家 , 但总是跟我一起 , 无论我在哪里 。
to him , all the farewell sentiments are something one has to endure in life .	对于他来说 , 所有的情绪都是某种事情 , 必须坚持生活 。
" this project was interesting for manyreasons , " says mr . rochon .	" 这个项目对很多原因有兴趣 。 " 罗克隆先生说 。
in fact , the world of friendship there are jealous , that nothing less than love .	事实上 , 友谊世界有嫉妒 , 没有什么比爱更少 。
the inmates burst out laughing: " where do you think you are , sweden ? "	" 你觉得你是哪里 , 瑞典 ? "
neil webb got injured and i got my chance to play for england .	尼尔网站受伤 , 我得到了我的机会为英格兰打球 。
so i made some metal tips for my fingers and learned to play again .	所以我为我的手指做了一些金属技巧 , 学会再次演奏 。
if you can keep your cool under stressful situations , she'll notice .	如果你可以保持凉爽的应力情况下 , 她会注意 。
with these sprigs just fly ahead of the other pocket bikes in the race .	比赛中的其他口袋自行车只要飞过 。
improving the water desalting efficient is also an important method to saving water .	改善水处理效率也是节约水的重要方法 。
jeremy's eyes widened as he looked down at the city lights .	耶里米的眼睛看着城市灯光 。
we left there at 5:00pm , and we were all very happy for this excursion .	我们离开了5点钟 , 我们都很高兴这个排泄 。
how you find " smart " people who know the technology and the business ?	你怎么找到 " 聪明 " 的人知道技术和业务 ?
yes , i must thank you for organizing that . i found it most interesting .	是的 , 我必须感谢您组织 , 我发现它最有趣 。
the spring water is of dark green , deep and running all the year round .	春水是深绿、深、运行全年 。
this means they will also have access to compulsory education for free .	这意味着他们也会有自由的抱怨教育 。
to recognize the disease , the review and report are as follows .	为了认识疾病 , 审查和报告如下 。
jeanie is right . here inuit can hunt and shoottokill freely .	简妮是对的 , 这里可以自由打猎和拍摄 。
" i dance rather well for a cowboy , " he told her amusedly .	" 我跳得很好 , " 他对她说 。
meshing the research and marketing operations will be mr . furlaud's job .	将这项研究和营销运作将是弗拉德先生的工作 。
homicides are also rare , which makes new zealand a safe place to live in .	同样罕见 , 这使新西兰一个安全的地方生活进来 。
at citigroup , revenue fell by $28 billion , or 34% .	在citigroup , 收入下降了28亿美元 , 或34% 。
could your faith remain firm and immoveable through these challenging times ?	你的信仰可以通过这些挑战时代来移动吗 ?
it is no good hen that crackles in your house and lay in another's .	你的房子里有裂缝 , 又躺在另一个房子里 。
mr . abas said the talk with powell was deep , severe and hopeful...	阿巴斯先生说 , 与波威尔的谈话深、严重和希望...
the codification of china's private law should model led on german one .	中国私法的编码应该模拟德国一个 。
as a writer , i make my life known and woven into the fabric of literature .	作为一位作家 , 我把我的生命和创造成文学的织物 。
before then , operating systems were handcoded in assembly and were not portable .	在此之前 , 运行系统在组装中处理并不可移植 。
at least now , you will have something to show for it . it may even end up on youtube .	至少现在 , 你会有一些东西来展示它 , 甚至可能结束你们的东西 。
getting this one in the fairway is a must to avoid the canyon left .	得到公平公平的这一点是避免峡谷离开的一个必要 。
the little mermaid is one of anderson's more moving fairytales .	小梅德是安德森的更移动公平之一 。
as soon as the baby cormorant breaks the eggs , it is watched by damin himself .	就像婴儿腐败的卵子一样 , 大明自己看着它 。
chinese translations shall be attached to the documents and forms done in foreign languages .	中国翻译应当附加文档和形式在外语中执行 。
navy blue is a trusted colour and gives us confidence , " lindsay said . "	" 海军蓝是一个信任的颜色 , 给我们信心 , " lindsay说 。
except it's difficult to analyze the genes of the extinct mosasaurs .	除了分析未来的莫萨尔基因很难 。
therefore , collectivity design on the underwater ship hull cleaning robot is finished .	因此 , 完成了水下船壳清洗机器人集体设计 。
grasp planning is the most important subject of the masterslave dexterous hand grasping .	grasp规划是主奴隶德定手抓的最重要课题 。
using the latest technologies and procedures in manufacturing , officemanagement and design .	采用最新技术和程序制造、办公管理和设计 。
returns the zerobased index of the item at the specified coordinates .	返回指定协调项目的零基本指标 。
he extended along to see an outside and started to grip a duck leg to bite all alone .	他沿着看到外面 , 开始抓一只鸭腿 , 单独咬一切 。
chanel's dedication to the apparel industry will never be forgotten by people of the world .	通道对服装行业的需求永远不会被世界人忘记 。
some discussions concerning the application and selected method of power line carrier equipment are also given .	介绍了电力线载波设备的应用和选择方法 。
a soa is an enterprisescale it architecture for linking resources on demand .	soa是一个企业规模it架构 , 用于链接资源的需求 。
total firsttime enrolment of international graduate students rose 12 per cent this year .	今年国际大学毕业生总额增加了12% 。
the soviet commitment to the destruction of capitalism is not purely ritualistic and proforma .	资本主义破坏的苏联承诺并非纯粹的仪式和形式 。
the town of lunenburg just like tongli is also a world cultural heritage site .	月球城市也是一座世界文化遗产网站 。
in this paper , a kind of new catalysts for olefins hydroformylation was studied .	本文研究了一种用于olefins水化的新催化剂 。
finally , the key issues for future development and solving strategies were discussed .	最后讨论了未来发展和解决策略的关键问题 。
objective to study the protective effects of pts on focal cerebral ischemia in rats .	目的研究pts对大鼠脑缺血的保护作用 。
ftlauderdalesun — stark contrast to the violent and swift water of the beach .	ftlauderdaleun-星与海滩暴力和转变水相比 。
tarpaulin , can be seen everywhere in china and is said not only very unique landscape .	塔帕林 , 可以看到中国各地的各个地方 , 说不仅是非常独特的景观 。
a deep change is coming and it aims to transform several life phellolosophelloes .	深入的变化是将来的 , 它旨在转换几个生命phlosophelphelloes 。
during the summer months , mice will generally live outside and remain contended there .	在夏季 , 小鼠一般生活在外面 , 仍然坚持在那里 。
the key to making a skidded parallel turn is the controlled sideslip .	滑动并行转换的关键是控制侧滑动 。
the next step is to instantiate the runtime wires that connect the components .	下一个步骤是实现连接组件的运行时线 。
one free draft beer for purchasing draft beer at lunch time in de bistro .	一个自由的抽屉啤酒在午餐时间购买的啤酒 。
the judge told the prisoner the jury had acquitted him of the charge of bigamy .	法官告诉监狱 , 陪审团已经收到了大麻的指控 。
the six u . s . schools have awarded more than 2 , 250 degrees here .	六所美国学校获得了超过2 , 250度 。
these attacks must stop and so must the smuggling of weapons into gaza .	这些攻击必须停止 , 所以必须把武器吸入加沙 。
i am very satisfied , from 2001 to the present the past few years amounted to more than live .	我非常满意 , 从2001年到目前几年以来 , 超过了生活 。
figure 4: mapping the various abd workflows across several projects	图4:将各种abd工作流映射到几个项目中 。
the medieval worlds in its everyday transactions , had never insisted upon ready money .	日常交易中世纪世界从未坚持准备金钱 。
you cannot abuse and torture people and expect to get results that are accurate and credible .	你不能滥用和耐磨人士 , 希望得到准确和可信的结果 。
clark's sgmls is the most widelyused sgml parser in the world .	克拉克的sgmls是世界上最广泛的sgml解析器 。
" look , nanny , perfume , " eleanor holds up a bottle of cologne .	" 看 , 南妮 , 香水 , " 埃伦纳尔拥有一瓶cologne 。
have you ever tried to answer questions like these , either for yourself or for someone else ?	你是否试图回答这些问题 , 或者你自己或其他人 ?
the catalog contains the latest releases of projects and their descriptions .	目录包含最新发布的项目和其描述 。
it sets out tax policy for the year . since 1997 there has also been a prebudget report .	自1997年以来 , 它为今年的税收政策建立了税收政策 。
objective to establish the qualitative identification methods of ninxin capsules .	目的建立新毒胶囊的定性鉴别方法 。
objective: to set up the fast immune method in detecting ureaplasma urealyticum .	目的:建立快速免疫法检测尿浆尿浆尿管分析 。
he al ays makes full preparations for his classes and corrects our home ork carefully .	他为他的课程做完全准备 , 并仔细修正我们的家庭轨道 。
lady gaga: for halloween i'm going to be...a little monster ! ! ! !	小怪 !
and the living creatures ran and returned as the appearance of a flash of lightning .	生活生物跑回来 , 回归为闪烁的闪烁 。
we caught up with a variety of lawyers and legal academics on the deal .	我们以各种律师和法律学术进行交易 。
when poissons ratio is zero , tile exact solution of displacement is obtained .	得到了位移清晰解决方案 。
affects a maximum of 5 friendly targets and 5 enemy targets .	影响5个友好目标和5个敌人目标 。
he apparently expected to see only lattesipping , scriptwriting spectators .	他显然希望看到只看到迟期拍摄、脚本写作观众 。
it's a smile , a rather dorky smile , but there's a smile .	这是一个笑容 , 一个宁静的笑容 , 但有一个笑容 。
minimizes penetration , which may help prevent burnthrough on thin materials .	最小化渗透 , 可以防止烧伤的薄材料 。
the state space equation of rigidflexible coupled isolation system is established .	建立了刚性耦合隔离系统的状态空间方程 。
her louboutin ankle boots provide that highfashion edge she's become famous for .	她的卢布丁·安克尔靴子提供了她的高时尚边缘 , 成为著名的 。
high cortisol levels can affect sleep , weight and immune resistance .	高纤维醇水平可以影响睡眠、体重和免疫阻力 。
resultsincidence rate of psychological problems was 15 . 79% in the editors ;	结果编辑者心理问题发生率为15.79% ;
our publication house plans to publish a series of modern versions of the classics .	我们的出版社计划发布一系列古典版本 。
made out of chestnut wood , and all the blocks and cleats are made out of cherry wood .	由樱桃木制成 , 所有的块和清洁都由樱桃木制成 。
his artwork has been compiled into the series collected art work of jao tsungi .	他的艺术作品已经被编译成了杰苏吉的艺术作品 。
if you run into crocodiles , just kick them with your boots . you want to catch me up ?	如果你跑进crocodiles , 只要用你的靴子打开它们 , 你想抓住我吗 ?
when you’re enjoying what you do , you’re more likely to do it well and to be successful .	当你喜欢你做的时候 , 你更可能做得很好 , 成功 。
their insights were invaluable to me in putting the " how to " parts of these posts together .	他们的注意力对我来说 , " 如何 " 这些邮件的部分 。
this can be made a skip test to try to ping localhost if apache is in the process list .	如果apache在过程列表中 , 这可以做一个滑动测试来尝试ping当地主机 。
tom: that is weird . if every comment was left at 2:08 , it must be a clue .	汤姆:这是奇怪的 , 如果每个评论都留下了2:08 , 那就必须是一个线索 。
andrew feustel , an astronaut , got soap in his eye and started tearing up .	安德鲁·费塞尔 , 天文学家 , 眼睛里得到肥皂 , 开始泪水 。
experimentation proved that tdd digital handset is feasible in technology .	实验证明 , td数字手机是可行的 。
we will provide you some inquiry or reference about view , food , residence during the journey .	我们将为您提供一些关于视图、食品、住宅的查询或参考 。
enrico letta of the democratic party of the left said the violence must be deplored .	左派的民主党的恩科·信塔说 , 暴力必须被剥夺 。
joe:well , it's a ...ok . let me teach you . one plus one equals two .	乔:嗯 , 这是一个......好吧 。 让我教你 。 一个等于两个 。
this paper makes a further development on the basis of the study made by the traditional grammarians .	本文根据传统语法学家制作的研究进一步发展 。
reference:help improve . . . . therefore , it is in the basic interestes of all chinese .	参考:help改进 。 因此 , 中国的基本利益都处于基本利益 。
this moment will nap , you will have a dream ; but this moment study , you will interpret a dream .	这一刻你会有梦想 ; 但这时你会解释梦想 。
like i mentioned , you can also use " i want to " to ask if you may do something indirectly .	就像我提到的那样 , 你也可以使用 " 我想要 " 问你可以直接做一些东西 。
i did ask and the guy said he was neg and only ever played safe but hadnt been tested in over a year .	我问和那个男孩说 , 他只是在一年里都没有测试过 。
thee guy replies , " oh , that was his mother . she wanted him tobe a doctor . " "	男孩回答道: " 哦 , 那是他的母亲 。 她希望他成为医生 。 "
well it is a watch but it is a steampunk watch and that is what makes all the difference .	嗯 , 这是一个观察 , 但它是一个蒸汽球观察 , 这是什么让所有的差异 。
butterflies , flying around della , said , " can you smell the spring in the air ?	德拉周围飞行的蝴蝶 , 说: " 你可以在空中闻到春天吗 ?
i swear to god . i'll throw you out of this house and never look at you again !	我要把你扔出这栋房子里 , 再看你 !
every time you touch your face , you're oepositing dirt and oil , which can clog pores .	每次触摸你的脸部 , 你都会接触到肮脏和石油 , 它可以登录孔 。
the premium line will be designed by tara members , and include their writing and pictures .	由塔拉成员设计的最初线 , 包括他们的写作和图片 。
if an amount is not stated in the appendix to tender this sub clause shall not apply .	如果附件中没有指定的数量 , 将该子条款不应申请 。
and ebay claims it does a better job of preventing fraud than other payment services .	而ebay声称 , 预防诈骗的工作比其他付款服务更好 。
correlation of different tnm stages in the overall correlation coefficient is0 . 569 .	不同tnm阶段的关系总相关系数为0.569 。
if you give up the right , anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law .	如果你放弃权利 , 你可以说的任何东西 , 并且会在法律法庭中使用 。
at the same time . the interference in the detection caused by the presence of m50 alkyl...	同时 , 由m50烷基的存在导致的检测干扰 。
may you remain strong and continue praying for us , most honoured and reverent lord .	愿你依然坚强 , 继续祈祷我们 , 大多数荣誉和尊敬耶和华 。
you can also design your own modules , so webmin can always be adapted to fit your needs .	您还可以设计自己的模块 , 因此webmin总能适应您的需求 。
the dialer makes out going phone calls on the pc with a usb phone or headset .	用usb电话或头部进行电话调用pc 。
we want to try to solve problems that have troubled our nations and our relationship for decades .	我们希望解决问题 , 几十年来 , 我们的关系 。
there are many many ways round it , i think that at every occasion we need to look for the best fingering .	有许多方式 , 我认为每次我们需要寻找最好的手指 。
finally , when she turned fortyfive years old , she found the courage to walk away .	最后 , 当她转了四十五岁的时候 , 她发现勇气走路 。
there is nothing more damaging than not having a single question at the end of an interview .	在采访结束时 , 没有任何更多的伤害 。
sundress in chiffon with adjustable shoulder straps and layered sweep .	适应肩带和层扫描的声响应 。
in addition , bba could increase the expression of hsp60 at 12 h after sn lesion .	此外 , bba在sn损伤后可以增加hsp60表达 。
merrie shook her head . “i don’t think they’ve figured out yet how to live . ”	梅丽摇头 , " 我不认为他们还是如何生活 。 "
the second newly confirmed case was a 23yearold man from bogor , west java .	第二个新证实的案件是一名23岁的男子 , 来自波格尔 , 西杰瓦 。
single flagship product with potential integrations to other aspects of the sccm suite	单旗产品与潜在集成等方面的scm套件的其他方面 。
i'm carl azuz , welcome to a new week of cnn student news .	我是卡尔·阿兹 , 欢迎一周的cn学生新闻 。
last time john flow to hong kong he was so ill he had to use the airsickness bag .	上次 , 约翰流到香港 , 他很难使用空气病袋 。
when i got it out of the trash , it was covered in soggy , sticky garbage .	当我从垃圾里拿出来时 , 它被覆盖在蛋糕里 , 粘着垃圾 。
listen to the reports , know the landscape , plug your ears , and go on ahead .	听报道 , 了解景观 , 插你的耳朵 , 然后去 。
lest the lord see it , and it displease him , and he turn away his wrath from him .	让耶和华看见它 , 把他放弃 , 他从他身上转走了 。
plg and antibiotic group exhibited significantly lower scores than others .	plg和抗生素组显著低于其他分数 。
if they do something good , no matter how small , celebrate like they just landed on the moon !	如果他们做好东西 , 无论如何小 , 庆祝他们只是在月球上登月 !
idiographic type , each technical parameter , please call oremail !	图形类型 , 每个技术参数 , 请打电子邮件 !
there's someone who loves you far more than you know with a love that kee growing as days come and go .	有些人喜欢你远超过你了解的爱 , 就像日子一样 , 去了 。
globalisation is a catchall to describe increased international trade .	全球化是描述国际贸易的捕捉者 。
use the " i'm frustrated " pattern to express yourself when you feel stifled ,	用 " 我令人沮丧 " 的模式来表达自己 , 当你觉得僵硬的时候 , 你就会自我表达自己 。
my parents speak and act like " old children " , often make people laugh .	我父母说话 , 像 " 老儿 " 这样的行为 , 常让人们笑 。
buffalo has offered many insights into the human dance in the materials we have shared .	在我们共享的材料中 , 布法洛提供了许多注意力 。
the u . s . emerged from the grueling 20072009 recession just over two years ago .	美国2007-2009年的经济衰退仅两年前 。
kneed for 10 minutes and set aside in a large bowl until double in size .	膝盖10分钟 , 放在大碗里 , 直到两个尺寸 。
her children vetoed the idea , saying mr . diez just wants her money .	她的孩子们对这个想法说 , 迪兹先生只想她的钱 。
things between us you can't hide , a stranger's hand weighs upon your mind .	我们之间的东西不能隐藏 , 陌生人的手重在你的心里 。
however , when the snow continued to the south sala , has become a disaster .	然而 , 当雪继续南沙拉的时候 , 已经成为灾难 。
here is the reddest rose in all the world . you will wear it tonight next your heart .	这里是世界上最红色的玫瑰 , 今晚你会穿它 。
love is our true destiny . we do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone .	爱是我们的真正的命运 , 我们不单独发现自己的生活意义 。
out of his trance jim seemed quickly to wake . he enfolded his della .	杰姆似乎很快就醒来了 。 他把他的戴拉放进了 。
the breed is only one in a gallery of bizarre variations of the common goldfish .	种子只是一个在普通金鱼的奇怪变化中 。
ceaselessly musing , venturing , throwing , seeking the spheres to connect them .	不断的肌肉 , 静脉 , 扔 , 寻找螺旋连接它们 。
how can a side , the spot asked zhu xiaoshui is a small shewolf .	如何一边 , 地点问朱晓淑是一个小小的羊毛 。
dragons are terrifying and aweinspiring as they take wing and breathe fire .	龙正在困扰和激励他们的翅膀和呼吸 。
but your precious hours are probably better spent thinking about whether you like your date .	但是你珍贵的小时可能会更好的花费思考你是否喜欢你的日期 。
yet others advertise their services – known as escort services – on the internet .	然而 , 其他人广告他们的服务-被称为scortrt服务-在互联网上 。
if they add artificial intelligence , we can find out if the device is happy as a clam .	如果他们增加了人工智能 , 我们可以发现设备是否快乐 , 那么我们就可以发现 。
in addition , 2/84 cases could not be detected by rsca for their poor pcr results .	此外 , 2/84例rsca并不能被rsca检测出 。
i'll live my life apart from you , just glimpsing you across the sky .	我离开你们的生活 , 只是在天空里闪烁你 。
people , but i don't know , at the same time , i think people are really interested in what they're doing .	人民 , 但我同时不知道 , 我认为人们真对他们做的事情感兴趣 。
greek , made in athens , 510 – 490 bc , from vulci , italy .	希腊 , 在雅典 , 510-490bc , 意大利 。
this not only recite a long time , will be known to the " cooked " to " fine " , as i can .	这不仅是一段时间 , 将被人们所知的 " 烹饪 " 到 " 好 " , 就像我可以 。
young plants of the wheat and the grass were the best to feed the nymphae .	小麦和草的年轻植物最好喂nmpha 。
nowadays as more and more people study abroad , the returnees are not so popular as before .	如今 , 越来越多的人在国外学习 , 回归并不如以前那么流行 。
however , eventually the crowds tire of him and he gets bored just swinging on tires .	然而 , 最终 , 群众们的轮胎 , 他只是在轮胎上跳动 。
as we all know the opium war in 1840 china began to the modernization of humiliation .	正如我们所知 , 1840年 , 中国开始对人类的现代化 。
jeb wilkinson: a man has only one life time . but history can remember you forever .	杰布·威尔金森:一个人只有一个生命 , 但历史才能永远记住你 。
the heat then propels the seawater back up through the crust , where it meets colder water .	然后 , 热将海水沿岸回来 , 遇到冷水 。
david k . cohen's teaching and its predicaments takes on that paradox .	大卫k.科恩的教学和其预测需要在那个悖论上 。
in late 1970s , some npos have realized that marketing may be helpful to reach their goal .	在1970年代末 , 一些npos已经意识到营销可能有助于达到他们的目标 。
crop scientist jess lowenbergdeboer says this helps local farmers relate to them .	作物科学家jessss低伯格德博尔说 , 这帮助当地农民与他们有关 。
say , " mary is my friend , and it makes me feel bad to hear you talk this way . "	说: " 玛丽是我的朋友 , 让我听到你这么说 。 "
nitrate was the mainly form of dissolved inorganic nitrogen in zhelin bay .	硝酸盐是锌湾溶解无机氮的主要形式 。
consider purchasing a hepa filter to remove the greatest amount of allergens .	考虑购买一个肝过滤器去除最大的过滤器 。
if you decide to have a more featurerich database later , you will have to change the code in your application .	如果您决定有更多特性的数据库 , 您必须在应用程序中改变代码 。
one day , when they do find time to stop to smell the flowers , it might be too late .	有一天 , 当他们找到时间停止闻花 , 可能太晚了 。
kra could not be applied to uncertain data directly because uncertain data has probability .	kra不能直接应用于不确定数据 , 因为不确定数据具有概率 。
please send your resumes , expected salary and photos to address by post .	请发送您的回报 , 预计薪水和照片通过邮件来解决 。
li bai said there is a place near the hot springs , is an excellent place to cultivate .	李白说 , 在热泉附近有一个地方 , 是培养优秀的地方 。
but perhaps you'd like to see it in hires on a huge screen ? maybe in 3d ?	但是可能你想在大屏幕上看到它吗 ? 也许在3d里 ?
he kept his strong and vigorous mien . the water bottle in his bag wobbled .	他保持着强壮和强烈的米恩 。 他的袋子里的水瓶炸了 。
as logistics sites , cities are of higher risk of harmful biological invasion .	作为物流网站 , 城市风险较高 。
in joint offense has transitional form of crimes , also exists surplus behavior .	在联合防御有过渡形式的犯罪行为 , 也存在过剩行为 。
in certain circumstances the capabilities of a human observer are limited .	在某些情况下 , 人类观察器的能力有限 。
careful examination of the orings confirmed that there was no blowby whatsoever .	小心的检查证实 , 无论什么都没有吹嘘 。
most of the time this will apply to cutting up visual designs or helping troubleshoot a bug .	大多数时间 , 这将适用于切割视觉设计或帮助麻烦 。
no matter where i go , yangzhou's snacks will never leave my mind .	不管我去哪里 , 杨州的小吃永远不会留下我的心 。
the increasing speed of internet connections is the main reason for the fastgrowth .	互联网连接的增加速度是快速增长的主要原因 。
here's hoping that more of his work gets translated into english . and soon , please !	这里希望更多的作品可以翻译成英语 。 很快 , 请快 !
representation of cancer in the medical literature a bibliometric analysis	医学文献中癌症表现为一项实验室分析 。
the mayfly is to trout fly fishing , what the microchip is to the personal computer .	飞行是向个人计算机带来的微芯片 , 微芯片是什么 。
we pissed our teacher off again today , horsing around and acting up .	今天我们的老师们又把我们的老师放在一起 , 马上跳起来 。
the findings of physical examination correlated with the different nerve root deficits .	不同神经根缺陷的物理检查结果 。
disabling , refractory knee pain that meets both of the following criteria .	残疾 , 难度膝盖疼痛 , 遇到以下标准 。
village environment safety is beautiful and clean , vegetation is rich !	村庄环境安全是美丽清洁 , 植被丰富 !
you can air dry sports bras to prolong the life of the moisturewicking fabrics .	您可以延长水工制品的寿命 。
chill winter didn't affect the trend of outbreak of summer and fall .	寒冷的冬天并没有影响夏季和秋季的趋势 。
in xikang , for instance , a number of problems have cropped up in this field .	比如 , 在西康 , 许多问题已经在这个领域作了 。
minute fragments of shoot apices are proverbially difficult to culture .	射击指标的分割很难文化 。
a tipical reset technique for five transistors active pixel is proposed .	提出了一种用于五个转换器活性pixel的临界重建技术 。
well , the answer is simple , the answer is found using a counterexample .	嗯 , 答案简单 , 使用反例找到答案 。
objective: nutrients in northern hibiscus syriacus are determined .	目的:测定北部hibicusyriacus营养物 。
burning fire dragon in huanglongxi dated back to the southern song dynasty .	黄龙烧火龙回到南宋时期 。
cu sidhe are huge , dark green fay hounds from the land of ever young .	崔西德是一个巨大的 , 黑色绿色的家伙 , 从年轻的土地上来 。
print a machine parsable list of features the specified plugin provides .	打印指定插件提供的机器解析列表 。
the chinese traditional culture is kind of material form of the chinese thinking , speaking and operating .	中国传统文化是中国思想、讲、运作的一种材料形式 。
the workers were frequently beaten and were forced to live in prisonlike conditions .	工人经常被打败 , 被迫居住在监狱条件下 。
an entrylevel position in sales . eventual goal: manager of marketing department .	销售部门级立场 。 事件目标:营销部经理 。
in the course of our trip , we have learned a great deal in all the places we visited .	在我们的旅行过程中 , 我们已经学到了我们访问的所有地方 。
oh , i went to this beautiful place in italy . it's called tuscany .	哦 , 我去意大利这个美丽的地方 , 它叫做土斯卡尼 。
that he might sanctify her , cleansing her by the washing of the water in the word .	那时他也许会用水洗净她 , 说明她 。
how does ability overcome my old selfabased psychology ? very irritated !	如何克服我的老年自助心理 ? 非常激烈 !
there's less than two weeks to go until the start of the shenzhen universiade .	直到深圳大学开始之前 , 有两周的时间不到两个星期 。
rub the cream , for heating , which is more easily absorbed by the skin .	为了加热 , 更容易吸收皮肤 。
the hexapede staggers . it stands , its muscles spasming , then falls over .	它站起来 , 它的肌肉痉挛 , 然后倒下来 。
to get myself to actually do , my favorite trick is the 50 minutes rule .	为了让自己做 , 我最喜欢的技巧是50分钟的规则 。
the next step would be to add the such systems to subways in major metropolitan areas .	下一个步骤将是将这些系统添加到主要地区的地铁 。
in old china , eighty per cent of the children received no formal education .	在中国 , 八分之八的孩子没有正式教育 。
my dad was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in the prime of hellos life .	我爸被诊断为海罗寿命的多个硬化 。
these projects showed the wisdom and innovativeness of the participating students .	这些项目显示了参与学生的智慧和创新性 。
tour montparnasse , with 209 meters the second highest in europe , paris .	209年 , 巴黎的第二个最高的巴黎 。
during the month the house was under repair , we lived with our cousins next door .	在修理期间 , 我们住在我们下一个门的房子里 。
the news isn't all bad , according to an accompanying editorial .	根据编辑机构的报道 , 新闻不全是坏的 。
an object of the present invention is to miniaturize a circuit board connector .	本发明的一个对象是模拟电路板连接器 。
uzma mehboob worked as a program manager when the shelter was for women .	uzmamehbob作为一个项目经理 , 当她为妇女工作时 , 作为一个项目经理 。
the paper gives an introduction to the research and produce of the product of base wallpaper .	本文介绍了基壁纸生产的研究和生产 。
we substituted red balls for blue balls , to see if the baby could notice .	我们为蓝球替换红球 , 看婴儿是否能注意到的 。
the great will of combating the yushu earthquake continuously inspired me .	伟大的战斗将继续激励我 。
this is because the outer cuticle layer of the hair fiber is broken and flaked .	这是因为头发纤维的外部雕刻层被破碎而闪烁 。
compound of protease , amylase , diastatic enzyme , mannase etc .	蛋白酶、氨酸、糖尿酶、糖尿酶等 。
has destroyed argentina's 5 " the super colors " the attack airplane .	已经摧毁了阿根廷5号 " 超级颜色 " 的攻击飞机 。
stress shelter of iesn was less than that of intramedullary interlocking nail .	yn的应力剪切比内部锁钉少 。
this furnace is used at the anshan iron and steel co . as demonstration furnace .	本炉用于安山铁和钢铁 。
china's reform on the election system of presiding judge has been implemented for 5 years .	我国总统选举制度的改革已经实施了5年 。
feel the body relax , feel the tenseness disappear , but do not fall asleep .	感觉身体放松 , 感觉紧张消失 , 但不睡 。
after about 6 months of silence , there have been some significant updates .	在大约6个月的沉默之后 , 有一些重要的更新 。
they at once take up their nephews' cause , free them , and kill their guards .	他们曾经拿起他们的侄子的原因 , 免费他们 , 杀死他们的警卫 。
quest , question , there is no coincidence that there is an etymological link between the two .	问 , 问题是 , 两者之间存在一个流行的链接 。
the reason behind this is that it makes the products seem to have higher protein levels .	后面的原因是 , 产品似乎具有较高的蛋白水平 。
azo is deposited by electronic beam evaporation on the k9 substrates .	azo是由k9基底上的电子束蒸发沉积的 。
a polling station is where i vote and is listed on my elector information card .	一个调查站是我投票的地方 , 并在我的电子信息卡上列出 。
pvc insulated and pvc sheathed fine steel wire armoured power cables .	pvc绝缘和pvc剪切细钢电缆 。
the membrane technology has been widely used in the water treatment industry .	膜技术广泛应用于水处理工业 。
when the tank is filled , it will fill in all the gaps and pull the plastic tight .	当坦克填充时 , 它将填充所有的空间 , 然后把塑料紧缩 。
in the marmoset kitchen , peter prepares the monkeys' daily menu .	在马尔摩塞厨房里 , 彼得准备猴子的日常菜单 。
gold apt to look for in the world , human world bosom friend difficult to seek .	黄金ap寻找世界 , 人类大朋友难寻找 。
the paper also describes descaling scheme , control conditions and cleaning results .	文章还介绍了扫描方案、控制条件和清洗结果 。
my recommendation is to choose one of these activities , most days of the week .	我的建议是选择这些活动之一 , 大多数日子 。
the theory of tidal friction is the concern of dynamic oceanography .	潮摩擦理论是动态异常的关注 。
the excited o_2 molecule oxidizes a free radical in the solvent .	激活的o2分子氧化溶剂中自由基 。
jenna: an australian accused a chinese restaurant of cooking koalas .	珍娜:澳大利亚指责一家中国餐馆烹饪卡拉斯 。
the homotopy operator of difference complex is an important result .	差异复杂的同步操作符是一个重要结果 。
well , if i had the option , i would really like to go to grad school for linguistics .	嗯 , 如果我有选项 , 我真想去毕业英语学校 。
they found that individuals have reduced selfconcept clarity after a breakup .	他们发现 , 在突破之后 , 个人已经减少自我概念清晰度 。
tonight tis zhichunlu warm air of new insect sound through the green screens .	今晚的组织在绿色屏幕上透过新昆虫的温暖空气 。
the rotating slip ring is insulated from the shaft by a laminated plastic bushing .	旋转滑环由拉伸塑料布局绝缘 。
while arousing more , then such as mercury xian ground , the glory yi shoot ;	然后 , 如梅克里xian地面 , 荣耀yot ;
preparation of manpower , funds and materials for rescue and disaster relief ;	制备人力、资金和灾难救济 ;
this painting is of no use to draw the shades of images of light distribution .	这幅画没有用来绘制光分布的形象 。
the candidates will received their test report forms with one month after they finished their test .	候选人在完成他们的测试之后 , 将收到他们的测试报告表 。
when disturbed , the fish inflates itself and becomes globular in form .	当被扰乱时 , 鱼自身流动 , 形成全球 。
content schematics show concise pictures of what makes a data structure big .	内容模式显示了什么使数据结构大 。
its nine points are numbered 100 through 900 for easy citation and reference .	它的九点是通过简单的引用和参考的900点 。
i'd love to stay later , but my mom would pitch a fit i'm not home by 10 .	我喜欢晚些时候留下来 , 但我的妈妈会在10岁的时候我不回家 。
and when you go there , the first thing you think is " oh my god , this place is amazing . "	当你去那儿 , 你认为的第一件事是 " 哦 , 这个地方是令人惊讶的 。 "
she realised then that horrific sexual violence was taking place in every village round goma .	她意识到 , 恐怖的性暴力在每个村庄周围都采取了地方 。
in time , maybe two weeks , you'll be ready for a sight and a target .	时候 , 也许两个星期 , 你会准备准备一个看法和一个目标 。
the character of dividing frequency of granite double fractal is discussed also .	讨论了颗粒双分形的分割频率特征 。
pro: the report based on high resolution image component would be printed in high quality .	高分辨图像组件的报告将在高质量印刷 。
love does not consist in gazing at each other but looking forward together in the same direction .	爱情不一致 , 彼此不一致 , 而且期待同一方向 。
city is a big source of geo environmental polution and its victim as well .	城市是地球环境污染和受害者的大源 。
so what should i do ? actually i lied , by the way , when i said the answer was over there .	那么我应该做什么呢 ? 实际上我躺在那里 , 当我说答案在那里 。
we would quickly find out that our presentation was doomed before we ever set foot into the meeting .	我们会很快发现 , 我们的表现在我们曾经设置足够的会议之前 。
walnut creek is just outside oakland , loves apple products , and has great internet .	沃尔丁·克里克只是在奥克兰外 , 爱苹果产品 , 还有很多互联网 。
they tend to forage out into the gulf , where the oil is dominating the seascape , " he says .	他说: " 他们倾向于向于挖掘海湾 , 在那里 , 石油正在挖掘海景 。 "
this test is interesting because stringbuffers are optimized for performing fast appends .	这个测试非常有趣 , 因为字符串缓冲区优化为执行快速附件 。
then you can you create helpful checklists or other articles as pdfs that people can download .	然后 , 您可以创建有帮助的检查列表或其他文章 , 这些文章可以下载 。
" if you wait for things to be perfect , you're going to wait a long time .	" 如果你等待完美的事情 , 你会等待很长的时间 。
view the people who have access to the site you’ll be on the people . aspx page .	查看你在人群上访问的网站的人 。 aspx页面 。
your eyes show sternness , but more kindness and care . thank you for me feel important .	你的眼睛显得十分坚固 , 但更善良和关心 。 感谢你对我感到重要 。
in some cases , yes , but the inherent skepticism lives on , experts say .	专家说 , 在某些情况下 , 是的 , 是的 , 但内在的怀疑主义生活在一起 。
1967 suharto takes over from sukarno to become president of indonesia .	1967年苏格拉诺总统成为印度尼总统 。
not only can walking fish live out of water but they can also travel short distances over land .	不仅可以在水里走出鱼 , 而且它们也可以在土地上旅行短距离 。
the boy dropped the apples he had stolen and cut away across the orchard .	这个男孩把苹果扔了 , 把苹果切割在那里 。
as a new method , ree tracer technique has been widely used in soil erosion research .	作为一种新方法 , 土壤腐蚀研究广泛应用于土壤腐蚀研究 。
they also converted one species of bacterium into another through a “genome transplant” .	他们也通过 " 基因移植 " 转换成另一种细菌 。
it compares well enough with my nikon 50mm f1 . 4 at max aperture .	它与我的尼克隆50mf1.4相比 , 最大光学 。
reducing the date rate by onehalf will double the duration of each symbol interval .	减少每个符号间隔的时间 。
" then why are you crying ? " asks the bird . " you are making me wet ! "	" 那么你为什么哭呢 ? " 鸟问道 , " 你是让我湿了 ! "
since then 16 years , the war stretches continuously , but are relatively small .	自那时16年以来 , 战争延续 , 但相对较小 。
i'm actually a little bit sad because i really like michigan state university .	我实际上很悲伤 , 因为我真喜欢密歇根州立大学 。
the competition : “i watch all my competitors closely and with lots of respect .	竞争: " 我看到我的所有竞争对手和很多尊重 。
but dobby had to come . dobby has to protect harry potter . to warn him .	但多比要来 。 多比要保护哈利波特 。 要警告他 。
ben had it out with his roommate about coming back home so late and making a lot of noise .	本和他的房间一起回家 , 这样晚些时候 , 做了很多噪音 。
when the language in literature is artful , i would choose to read every word .	当文学中的语言是艺术的时候 , 我会选择阅读每个词 。
and a lawless afghanistan could again become alqaeda’s base .	一个无法律的阿富汗可以再次成为基地组织的基地 。
also , all of my teammates were courteous , kind and available in the dressing room .	另外 , 我所有的团队都是勇敢的、善良的衣室 。
we have to exclude certain causes , like suicide , in the case of life insurance .	我们必须排除某些原因 , 比如自杀 , 在生命保险的情况下 , 我们必须排除某些原因 。
i love tuktuks , the motoring equivalent of putting your head in a blender .	我喜欢tktuk , 等于把头放在混合器中 。
you can make water roll off guo's metals by tilting them less than five degrees .	你可以通过五度把水滚掉郭的金属 。
maggie said , 'i know , but it's only a year and a half away from graduating .	马吉说 , " 我知道 , 但这只是一年一半的毕业 。
even when seeking only a casual liaison , do not go out dressed like an unmade bed .	即使只要寻找一条雕塑的丽莎松 , 就不要穿着装饰 , 就像一个不制的床 。
it arrived on plastic plates with the meat dropping off the bone by the handful .	它到达塑料板上 , 肉滴下了骨头 。
botos forage among flooded trees for fish , crabs , and turtles .	鱼、蟹和龟之间的浮木通常为鱼、蟹 。
boilers not replaced by 2030 would need to be modified to meet the new regulations .	2030年锅炉不需要修改新的规定 。
our lives will be filled with joy and hope and all the blessings god wants for us .	我们的生活将充满欢乐和希望 , 祝福上帝希望我们 。
last year we had 30 mayors from the chongqing area in my city of chattanooga .	去年我们从重庆市的重庆市的30名市长 。
after all , it doesn’t matter what you have access to if you can’t read it .	毕竟 , 如果你不能读不到的话 , 它不管你有什么访问 。
they are selfconfident and have strong opinions on a variety of issues .	他们是自信的 , 并且对各种问题有着强烈的意见 。
designating who ihr contact points at the headquarters or the regional level ;	在总部或区域水平上指定ihr接触点 ;
i think we're in for a longer trend of either malaise or just a down channel .	我认为我们是一个更长的马来斯或只是一个下通道的趋势 。
but the effect is too unspecific and will rarely lead to clearance and seroconversion .	但效果太不具体 , 很少会导致清除和分泌转换 。
needless to say it's a welcome drenching but it still isn't all that much fun .	无需说这是一个欢迎的梦想 , 但它仍然没有那么多乐趣 。
highback booster seat designed to fit a growing child up to 120 lbs .	高回滚的座位设计适合一个长达120磅的孩子 。
stone is a gogetter . he'll make an excellent student body president .	石头是一名优秀的学生总统 。
the cause of corrosion and elimination method of 188 stainless steel are discussed .	讨论了18888不锈钢腐蚀和消除方法的原因 。
she says she's considering reopening once the residents are allowed to move back .	她说 , 一旦居民被允许搬回 。
so dust off that old diary , or open up a word document , and try it .	所以 , 除了那个旧日记 , 或者打开一个单词文档 , 然后尝试它 。
proper kgm concentration can keep sphere shape and meet constant release rate .	适当的kgm浓度可以保持球形并满足不断释放率 。
this is a story about michael berrian , a homeless man from newark , new jersey .	这是一个关于新泽西的不家庭人michaelberrian的故事 。
and i will feed the flock of slaughter , even you , o poor of the flock .	而且我会喂奴隶的群体 , 即使你们 , 贫穷的群体 。
download the ps3 otheros installer from sony and save it as otheros . self .	下载ps3别人从索尼下载并保存它作为其他os.自我 。
a scan of 4337 other cases and 2077 controls yielded the same result .	其他437例和2077年的扫描控制产生同样的结果 。
for instance , if your boss is late for your meeting , then you have more time to prepare .	例如 , 如果你的老板迟到会议 , 那么你有更多时间准备 。
the " she " serial works show the living condition of chinese women of different backgrounds .	" 她 " 系列作品展示了不同背景的中国女性生活条件 。
it mounts just behind your shower head , so you won’t even notice it’s there .	它只是在你的淋浴头后面 , 所以你甚至不会注意它 。
if i could choose between his life and bill gate's life , it's a nobrainer .	如果我可以选择自己的生活和比尔盖特的生活 , 那么它是一个诺贝尔大脑 。
cable has good earthing and bending performance and high electric insulating performance .	电缆具有良好的地球性能和弯曲性能和高电绝缘性能 。
paradoxically , the principle of voluntary join caused a low attendance of farmers .	自愿联盟的原则 , 导致农民的低意见 。
the cross location is the uppermost location mode for the shipborne microwave oth radar .	交叉位置是船舶微波雷达最高位置方式 。
this indicates the general historical trend and this is what the people aspire , which nobody can defy .	这表明了一般历史趋势 , 这是人们吸引的东西 , 没有人能防御 。
i managed to persuade quite a few people to see me , and i must keep the appointments .	我经常说服很少人看见我 , 我必须保持任务 。
the control of hydrogen sulfide using biological fixedfilm filter is an economical and effective method .	利用生物固定膜滤波器的控制是一种经济有效的方法 。
different strides of different personalities captured in fullbody shots while strolling in orchard road .	不同的人格都在全身拍摄 , 同时在孤儿道路上散步 。
for the employees and between enterprises , the enterprises should be the staff after the first win win .	对于企业和企业之间的员工来说 , 企业应该在第一场胜利之后成为员工 。
then cics eci connection factory then supplies the connection properties for the cics server .	然后 , cicseci连接工厂为cics服务器提供连接属性 。
bladesystem presents a hierarchical and interrelated infrastructure to the management console .	bladesystem为管理台提供了层次和相关基础设施 。
qin territory for the late warring states , qin unified china after a county in the north .	秦地区晚期战国 , 秦统一了中国 , 北部一县 。
virtualization gives cloud administrators the ability to handle more requests with fewer systems .	虚拟化给云管理员带来更少的系统处理更多的请求 。
the answer has got to be this is what the objection says the answer has got to be , obviously not .	答案已经得到了 , 这就是对象说答案已经得到了 , 显然没有 。
methods the ink print of fingerprint and palmar patterns were obtained with informed consent .	方法采用信息分辨法获得指纹印刷印刷印刷印刷和棕榈模式 。
the flooding reignites one of the key debates over the construction of the three gorges dam .	三峡坝建设的关键辩论之一 。
while ea quarter of adults would prefer to live into their 90s somewhat longer than expected .	虽然成年人的四分之一比预期要长得多 。
for this reason , we continue to remain bearish on indian equities over the intermediateterm trend .	因此 , 我们继续在中期趋势下继续承印度股权 。
distance two labeling ( or l—labeling ) is motivated by the channel assignment problem .	距离两个标签 " 或l-标签 " 被通道分配问题激励 。
bamboo fibre after thorough degreasing , take off sugar , to take off the protein processing .	竹纤维在增长后 , 吸取糖 , 吸取蛋白处理 。
sequence analysis showed that it contained the basic characteristic of primary structure of promoter .	序列分析表明 , 它包含主结构的基本特征 。
the synthesis of carbon nanotubes was conducted in a quartz tube furnace .	在石英管炉中进行了碳纳米管的合成 。
amethyst assists in learning the frequencies necessary for the transcendence of karma .	甲基斯坦帮助学习卡尔玛超越的频率 。
methods the model of alcoholic hepatic disorder was established by feeding alcohol liquor .	方法采用饲料酒精液建立酒精肝障碍的模型 。
it assures us a promising season of summer and also the most iportant havvest seasonautum .	它确保夏季的承诺季节 , 也是最重要的季节 。
the chlorination equilibrium of cupric oxide has been investigated using the circulation method .	采用循环法研究了沥青氧化物的氯平衡性 。
honeypot skill is one of the active defense network security techniques .	蜂窝技能是活跃防御网络安全技术之一 。
extensible authentication protocol can support a lot of authentication mechanisms .	可扩展认证协议可以支持许多认证机制 。
they abused their power and bullied the people , thus arousing intense discontent among the masses .	他们滥用了他们的力量 , 使人民的强烈反对 , 因此在群众中引起了强烈的不足 。
however , other file types , from psds to rtfs , are accepted and up and downloadable .	然而 , 其他文件类型从psd到rtfs , 被接受并可下载 。
qian xuesen is one of the greatest scientists who have made great contributions to the science cause .	秦雪森是科学造成巨大的贡献之一 。
when ed finds out , sam agrees to help the fbi capture several key members of the cartel .	当ed发现时 , 萨姆同意帮助fbi捕获几个关键成员卡特尔 。
he was shocked to find his 20yearold daughter wearing them after she returned home from studying in the us .	他被震惊地找到了20岁的女儿 , 回到美国学习之后 , 回到家里 。
lin came back to china in 1925 to work as principal of the beiping state vocational art school .	1925年林回到中国 , 作为北京国家职业艺术学校的主要工作 。
resultsthe patients were followed up for 312 months . all cases obtained satisfactory results .	结果312个月患者随访 , 所有病例获得满意结果 。
then leaning over , paderewski reached down with his left hand and began filling in a bass part .	然后 , 帕德鲁威斯基接近左手 , 开始填满底部 。
the former operator appends to the existing file , and the latter overwrites existing content .	前操作符适用于现有文件 , 后来翻译现有内容 。
it can be obtained that quantity of the martensitic transformation reduces with the increase of these factors .	通过增加这些因素 , 得到了马氏变换量的数量 。
then the king called in one hundred and eighty maids of honor and ordered sun wu to train them .	然后 , 王召唤了一百八个荣誉的女王 , 命令孙武训练他们 。
fuk golden words below to apply the same process for " fu as the east china sea water " font .	法国金字下面应用 " 福岛东海水 " 字 。
rosenberg told the brothers only that the target was a man who had been extorting and threatening him .	罗森伯格告诉弟弟只有那个目标是一个人 , 曾经被转变和威胁他 。
afternoon: the queen hosts an official wedding lunch for 650 guests at the palace .	下午:王后在宫里举办正式婚礼午餐 。
the real right means one right that the country and others shouldn't and have no capability to invade optionally .	真正的权利意味着国家和其他人不应该选择侵犯能力 。
upon installation , brea will be the largest municipal user of solar power in orange county .	在安装中 , 布雷亚将是橘子县最大的太阳能用户 。
as of tuesday , the volcano in iceland was still erupting , though the cloud was lower .	星期二 , 冰岛火山仍在爆发 , 虽然云下降 。
helps to even out my skin tone , and hydrates the skin as i have very dry skin .	帮助尽管皮肤 , 还有水化皮肤 , 因为我有很干的皮肤 。
convective clouds had come to an end only when the road is sadly maek maek red dust storms .	传统云只有在道路上被悲伤的maek红尘暴雨时才来到最终 。
sooner or later , the wave will come along and knock down what we have worked so hard to build up .	早或晚些时候 , 波浪会沿着 , 打击我们所工作的那么艰难的建筑物 。
a noble professional virtue is in accord with the fundamental interests of the party and the people .	根据党的根本利益和人民的基本利益 。
they could also encourage their employees to donate their time to a local entrepreneurs’ club .	他们也鼓励员工捐款时间来捐赠当地企业家的俱乐部 。
it means that the teams we are matching you against have average mmrs well under 1500 .	这意味着我们正在与你相匹配的团队平均在1500年内 。
street photographer four wonderful marketing ideas , marketing way to force invincible !	街摄影师四个奇怪的营销思想 , 营销方式强制可调 !
expert comment: this little filly will be the star in the short , symmetrical shape .	专家评论:这小片将是短、对称形状的恒星 。
the two women leaned upon the wroughtiron window rail in the shadow of the curtains .	两个女人在窗帘的阴影中留下了铁窗铁 。
indoctrination in education is the one of patterns of the great influence of education in west .	教育产业是西方教育的伟大影响之一 。
lewis . a mars rampant with life . a watercovered venus populated with floating , living islands .	路易斯 。 一个火星带着生命的火星 , 一个被发现的火星人群拥有浮动、生活岛 。
and likewise also james and john , the sons of zebedee , who were partners with simon .	同样 , 西班牙的儿子詹姆斯和约翰也与西蒙合作伙伴 。
kwan insisted on into the pioneer battalion , along with ellen pau kill children .	kwan坚持先锋战斗 , 沿着埃伦保鲁杀死孩子 。
he's getting barraged with new scripts every month from filmmakers across asia .	他每个月从亚洲电影制作商中获得新的脚本 。
they carried banners advocating religious freedom and sang “we shall overcome . ”	他们带着禁止者倡导宗教自由和唱 " 我们应克服 " 。
was he simply obeying a sort of instinctive impulse which was obscure even to himself ?	他是否只是服从某种直觉冲动 , 甚至是自身的 ?
the piezoelectricity as the function material is extensive applied in automobile .	作为功能材料广泛应用于汽车中 。
dobby is a free elf , and dobby has come to save harry potter and his friends !	多比是自由的 , 多比来节约哈利·波特和他的朋友 !
if encounter without , although fine but can be trapped large prey , tenacity and clinking .	如果遇到不到 , 尽管很好 , 但可以陷入大量的猎物 , 张力和克林克 。
we strolled through the old town and watched a very old house being demolished .	我们穿过旧镇 , 看着一个很古老的房子 。
the first thing you see when you walk in the door . our little friends are from anthropologie .	当你走进门时 , 你看到的第一件事 , 我们的小朋友来自人类学 。
and while some flareups need immediate attention , your involvement isn't always required .	虽然某些平台需要立即注意 , 但你的参与并不总需要 。
price risk arises in nontrading portfolios , as well as in trading portfolios .	非交易组合的价格风险和交易组合 。
this kind of instrument has many features , such as high s/n , good equability and nondeliquescence .	这种仪器具有很多特点 , 比如高s/n、良好的平衡性和非水平性 。
this leads then to the account of the birth of moses , and his exposure to the nile river .	这就导致了摩西诞生的帐户 , 他对尼勒河的暴露 。
he hasnot claimed libya had weapons of mass destruction to be used against us .	他没有声称利比亚有武器 , 以防我们使用 。
subsequent investigations by japanese authorities confirmed the teacher had been taguchi .	随后 , 日本当局确认了老师已经被太加奇了 。
you need a better productivity approach so you can collaborate with others on a common project .	你需要一个更好的生产力方法 , 这样你可以与其他共同的项目合作 。
the content is available for reuse in your new and existing solution information center projects .	您可以在新的和现有解决信息中心项目中重用内容 。
if you must have whale , cetacean biltong is more palatable than the fresh stuff .	如果你必须有鲸 , cetaceanbiltng比新鲜的东西更容易 。
right click control the knuckle angle , left click control the slewing and topping angle .	右键单击键角 , 左键单击控制滑动和顶角 。
yanzi went to the palace in a broken carriage pulled by thin and weak horses .	燕子走到宫里 , 被薄和弱的马脉冲着一条破碎的小船 。
to promote local food culture , mining native dishes lay a good foundation for the essence .	为促进当地食品文化 , 采矿本地菜为本土菜奠定了良好的基础 。
the statistical breakdown property of a vacuum contact has been studied experimentally .	实验研究了真空接触的统计破坏性能 。
database resources can be accessed using both jdbc and recordlevel access .	可以使用jdbc和记录级访问访问数据库资源 。
the background , objective , challenge , and main efforts toward the research of hpcs are presented here .	介绍了hpc的背景、目标、挑战和主要努力 。
we does the servant girl in the yard listen to your still listen to qiao jean ?	我们在院里听到仆人听你们仍然听的话吗 ?
and also if some of are familiar with buddha's twelve deeds , buddha's life story .	同时 , 如果有些人熟悉佛的十二个死亡 , 佛教的生命故事 。
now here's the good news we've discovered that your other leg doesn't need to be removed after all .	现在我们发现你的其他腿不需要删除的好消息 。
objective to investigate the value of ct diagnosing intraluminal masses of small intestine .	目的探讨小肠内肿瘤ct诊断价值 。
the doctrine of umberrimae fidei is a basic principle of marine insurance law .	数字保险法学是海洋保险法的基本原则 。
frederick lam , executive director of the hong kong trade development council , hong kong .	香港贸易开发协会执行董事 。
this , it appears , is the legacy i have received and have now bequeathed to my own child .	这看起来 , 是我接到的遗产 , 现在已经给自己的孩子留下了 。
the distant galaxy was detected using a phenomenon called gravitational lensing .	利用引力透镜检测距离星系 。
in this review , the study history and the definition of starburst galaxies are introduced first .	本文首先介绍了星系星系的研究历史和定义 。
this paper discusses how to do novelty searches on line for a phd dissertation proposal .	本文讨论了如何在线寻找新颖的phd解析建议 。
they also say they like the design flexibility they get by eliminating the spaceconsuming spare tyre .	他们还说他们喜欢通过消除空间消耗空间轮胎的设计灵活性 。
one of globalization's key features is the ability to handle multiple languages .	全球化的关键特征之一是处理多语言的能力 。
you harshly scold your daughter for knocking the cup over . she breaks down in tears .	你很高兴地把你的女儿打开杯子 , 她在泪水中断了 。
editor's note: the original version of this story misstated dr . markel's name .	编辑注:这个故事的原版错过马克尔博士的名字 。
wooden materials in various tones and factures are used as the predominant materials in the design .	采用各种通道和事实的木材 , 作为设计中的主要材料 。
the money collected was used to build a statue of zeus at the entrance to the stadium .	用金钱收集在体育场建立一个零星状态 。
he turns and scolds a group of local fighters lounging at a nearby roadblock .	他转了一群当地的战斗者在附近的路块附近登陆 。
his roommate’s bed was tightly close to the window , while he could only lie in bed all day long .	他的房间床紧密接近窗户 , 同时他只能躺在床上 。
the paper describes the development and tests of model cjk 200 automatic suction and discharge changer .	本文介绍了cjk200自动切割和排放变换器的开发和测试 。
a lot of people also sit outdoors , enjoying the cool , breezy nighttime air .	很多人也坐在室外 , 享受凉爽的夜空 。
the curious feature of superstrings , however , is that they can only vibrate in 10 dimensions .	然而 , 超字符串的奇怪特征是 , 它们只能在10维中振动 。
i'm always confused when people rave about how much they " save " at warehouse club stores .	当人们在仓库俱乐部存储多少 " 节约 " 的时候 , 我总是混淆 。
bill coore graduated from wake forest university in 1968 and began working for pete dye .	比尔科尔毕业于1968年华克森林大学 , 开始为pete染料工作 。
john menard and paul menard , father and son of menard's hardware superstores .	约翰·梅纳德和保罗·曼纳德的父亲和男子硬件超级器的儿子 。
the multistaged castle sieges and character progression are two of my favourite new additions .	我最喜欢的两个新添加 。
we started off with a cocktail at the hotel bar , the libertine and it knocked my socks off .	我们在酒店酒吧里开始了一个鸡尾酒 , 自由车 , 然后它打击了我的袜子 。
western europe's 10% jobless rate is expected to hit 12% by mid1995 .	西欧10%的失业率预计在1995年中期打击12% 。
all of the following criteria must be met in order to have what is considered to be a durable model	所有以下标准都必须满足以下标准 , 以确保被认为是一个可持久的模型 。
and god will only prosper our study if we continually exercise ourselves to live by what we learn .	上帝只能适应我们的研究 , 如果我们不断运动自己 , 才能通过我们学到的东西来生活 。
since 1984 , hiv infection in hong kong report has been accumulated to 4047 people .	自1984年以来 , 香港艾滋病毒感染已积累到4047人 。
and that research found individual brain cells that would respond to one accent — but not another .	这项研究发现 , 一个会反应一个声音的个体大脑细胞 , 但不会另一个 。
proverbs 19: 29 penalties are prepared for mockers , and beatings for the backs of fools .	宣传19:29个企鹅准备为模具制备 , 打击敌人的背部 。
subsequently , directsequence and hybrid dsth were proposed to facilitate irma .	接下来 , 提出了直接序列和混合dsth 。
the nobel committee described the three physicists as " masters of light " .	诺贝尔委员会描述了三位物理学家作为 " 光大师 " 。
of course aside from those characters , alphanumerics are allowed and don't need to be encoded .	当然 , 除了这些字符之外 , alpheric被允许并不需要编码 。
and if you start feeling frisky , and you have eight of ten seconds before work , you know where to find me .	如果你开始感觉弗里斯基 , 你在工作前有八秒的时间 , 你知道哪里找到我 。
but we all know , in fact , every time timer is less than 50ms in the mind is under the precision is very poor .	事实上 , 我们都知道 , 每次时间都少于50毫米 , 精度差不多 。
the serum of immunized rabbits could suppress the hemolytic activity of tdh .	免疫兔血清可以抑制tdh血液活性 。
we have a very tightknit , super group of lads and i'm sure he'll enjoy his time here .	我们有一个非常紧密的、超级小组 , 我肯定他会在这里享受他的时候 。
sensors are also used on the starting platforms to monitor false starts and correct relay changeovers .	传感器还用于启动平台监测虚假启动和正确的继电变化 。
heat a pan and a little olive oil , add the langoustine rolls and gently brown .	加热锅和一点橄榄油 , 加入兰花辊 , 轻轻棕色 。
atb is widely used abroad , but seldom used at home . the study on atb has just started in our country .	ab广泛应用于国内外 , 但很少在国内使用 , 对于atb的研究刚开始在我国 。
so they jazzed up the story with all of that " huff and puff and blow your house down " .	所以他们把所有的 " 丈夫 " 的故事夹起来 , 把房子吹下来 。
ibm has more than 50 different programmes promoting worklife balance and bank of america over 30 .	ibm有超过50个不同的程序促进美国工作平衡和银行 。
but there may be problems along the way , as the us and the traditional european powerbrokers have to give way .	但是 , 随着美国和传统的欧洲电力代理商必须给出路径 。
brio reserves the right to modify this terms and conditions without any prior notice .	英国储备权 , 以修改这个术语和条件 , 没有任何先前注意 。
he heard the creak of greyback's boots as he crouched down in front of hermione .	他听到了灰色背景的破坏 , 因为他在赫尔蒙前面的时候 , 他听到了他的靴子 。
musing , pondering , a breath , a briny tear , a dab of liquid or soil .	肌肉 , 潮湿 , 呼吸 , 新鲜的泪 , 液体或土壤 。
the contributing plugin fulfills this contract by defining specific values through xml .	通过通过xml定义特定值来实现该合同 。
the government understood this as well as the parties ; the most insignificant bourgeois felt it .	政府理解这一点和党 ; 最重要的地震感觉它 。
among them , isochromosome imay be a characteristic of adenocarcinomas of the lung .	其中 , 异位体imay是肺的腺癌特征 。
you may opt for stones all of the same color , or add one or two offcolor stones for some punch .	你可以选择石头所有的颜色 , 或者添加一个或两个超彩色的石头 。
sure , i'd campaigned all over the country , for my husband and for other candidates .	当然 , 我会在全国竞选 , 为我的丈夫和其他候选人 。
the protocols and standards for anycast are under the discussion , but have not reached a consensus .	任何预测协议和标准都在讨论下 , 但没有达成共识 。
i would be interested to hear more — what values should we prioritize in assessing censorship ?	听到更多有趣的是我们应该在评估审审审判中的优先价值呢 ?
and this party has a better than even chance of retaking at least one house of congress this november .	今年11月至少一家国会的一家房子 。
for lan/wan connections , lower settings of audio frames per packet are recommended .	针对lan/wan连接 , 建议每包音频框架下设置 。
the test results indicated that there were markedly effects of space flight , cultivar and storage time .	试验结果表明 , 空间飞行、文化和存储时间显著影响 。
these files , as we might call them , are both sweepingly inclusive and penetratingly minute .	这些文件可以称之为它们 , 两者都是可汗的包含和渗透的分钟 。
what sets the onion apart , however , is that mr obama has not blunted its barbs at all .	然而 , 奥巴马先生还没有把它的酒吧放在一起 。
all this is what it takes to do transactional business messaging , and this is what amqp delivers .	所有这些都需要做事务通讯 , 这是amqp交付的 。
the blood and sweat of the intersection , mud and fire passion , in a dripping color on .	交叉、泥火激励的血和汗 , 在滴彩上 。
in 2010 , of spandex industry boom will continue to rise , union holdings will benefit .	2010年 , 跨国产业繁荣将继续上升 , 联合国持有将有利于 。
the optimized rtl is then fed to the code generator , which produces target code .	然后 , 优化rtl将美联储到代码生成器中 , 它产生目标代码 。
troy dumais , an american olympian , finished third at 484 . 25 points .	484.25点结束了美国奥林匹亚 。
but in the case of weaver ants in africa , this description may be more than just a metaphor .	但在非洲 , 这种描述可能超过一个隐喻 。
you can head for the outer remote islands in bahamas if you are looking for seclusion and romance .	你可以在巴哈马寻找独立和浪漫 。
the risk detection rate in the middleaged group and the old group was higher than the young group .	中年组和老组风险检测率高于年轻组 。
the story in the advertisement in china is neither mild nor smooth , but has some false .	中国广告的故事既不冷又不平滑 , 又有一些错误 。
whose is that ? ah , zuhair murad . it was the very first choice . i saw it on the rack .	那是谁呢 ? 啊 , 朱尔·穆拉德 , 这是第一个选择 , 我看到了它 。
all he can say is , this is his shirt . he holds out an arm so she can see the gaping sleeve .	他可以说 , 这是他的衬衫 。 他拿出手臂 , 这样她可以看到隔壁袖 。
" ) i never felt winded , but still got that great " workout sore feeling " the next day .	" 我从来没有感觉到风 , 但仍然有那么伟大的 " 劳动感 " 的下一天 。
then he lay awake at night thinking of all the charming gallantries he might have employed ;	然后他躺在夜间醒来思考他可能雇佣的所有魅力的花园 。
with a little tweaking , and some helpful tips , swype can be better than what you're using .	一些有帮助的提示 , 瑞典可以比你使用的更好 。
my journey from las vegas to iowa , at the time when i was young , childish and naive...	我从拉斯维加斯到爱荷华的旅程 , 当时我年轻 , 孩子和海军...
i wish they called me that because it shows he has had success with the players he's brought in .	我希望他们称呼我 , 因为它显示他与他带来的球员成功 。
one day , the heavens would part and a perfect , precious cherub would descend on a sunbeam .	有一天 , 天堂会部分和一个完美 , 珍贵的樱桃会在阳光下降 。
it's called a blueprint , a blueprint for reform of our financial regulation .	它叫做蓝印 , 一个蓝印刷改革我们的金融规范 。
i have a truant here . " said constable johnny . " drive him straight to school . "	约翰尼说: " 我在这里有一个真诚的 , 直到学校 。 "
the battle lines of the new world order were exposed at the world trade organization this week .	今周世界贸易组织暴露了新世界秩序的战线 。
the nabe forecast appears to be in line with other u . s . economic signals .	纳贝预测似乎与其他美国经济信号相同 。
this article presents a model that can calculate milling forces in complex surface machining .	本文提出了一种计算复杂表面加工中的铣削力的模型 。
the part of 3th discusses the role of the theory of comparative advantage for chinese foreign trade .	第三部分探讨了中国外贸易相对优势理论的作用 。
all men's miseries derive from not being able to sit quietly in a room alone .	所有的男人都不能独自坐在房间里 。
fishing is my favourite sport . i often fish for hours without catching anything .	钓鱼是我最喜欢的运动 。 我经常钓鱼 , 没有捕捉任何东西 。
while kian had the luxury of retreating westwards , he remained committed to his iran .	虽然凯恩对西方的奢侈 , 但他仍然承诺伊朗 。
warlords built private gardens in chinese and west styles with literatus' help .	战士在中国和西方风格建立私人园林 。
but the 32inch model we'd like to buy was temporarily out of stock . we had to wait .	但是我们想购买的32英寸模型 , 我们必须等待 。
located in the west of the planned area , adjacent to the tourism zone and the downtown area .	位于计划区西部 , 邻近旅游区和下城区 。
write a docstring that explains everything someone would need to know in order to use this function .	写一个解释某些人需要知道的东西 , 以便使用这个函数 。
and then people choose subconsciously , not consciously to ignore the research and go with her heart .	然后人们选择潜意识地选择 , 不意识地忽视研究 , 与她的心一起去 。
when rafik gindy graduated from high school , he knew he wanted to become an engineer .	当拉菲克吉迪毕业于高中时 , 他知道他想成为工程师 。
today i'll drill a little hole in the tooth for pusdrainage to stop the pain .	今天我将钻一小洞 , 以阻止疼痛 。
that's setting emotion , efficient process , and the adams have to be selfdiscinplined .	这正在设置情绪 , 有效的过程 , 以及adams必须自我插件 。
when winter came , the grasshopper had nothing , but the ant complained of chest pains .	当冬天来临时 , 草坪没有什么 , 但蚂蚁抱怨胸痛 。
if this emotional style applies to you , realize that lowering your standards will be a relief .	如果这种情感风格适用于你 , 意识到降低你的标准将会是一个缓解 。
our schoolwide academic contest will be held this saturday , 12/11/04 .	我们的学术比赛将于本周六举行 , 12/1/04 。
we want peace , freedom and a stable environment for development , ” the ralliers chanted .	我们希望和平、自由和稳定的发展环境 。
mather gave his flock no fewer than four such dates , beginning with the year 1697 .	数学家给自己的流动不少于四个这样的日期 , 开始与1697年开始 。
government could contribute to the growth of economy , and it could holdback it meanwhile .	政府可以为经济增长带来贡献 , 同时也可以反映经济的发展 。
they think that there's some freudian answer to solvingthese problems , " said the asa's kline .	他们认为有一些自由的答案解决问题 , " 亚洲的k线说 。
''our research shows one potential reason why swearing developed and why it persists .	" 我们的研究表明 , 干燥的原因 , 为什么它持续 。
energyintensive industrial cluster ; circular economy ; coordinated development ;	能源集群 ; 循环经济 ; 协调发展 ;
cao xiu donned his armor and rode into the city with 1 , 000 men to stop the enemy .	曹秀为了阻止敌人 。
this is the first time that stamps portraying chinese zodiac animals have been issued globally .	这是全球发布的第一次邮票 。
the children use water wings to keep themselves up in the water while they are learning to swim .	孩子们用水翅膀保持自己在水里 , 学会游泳 。
to pave and break concrete foundation installing engineering to break other hard things .	为了保持和破碎混凝土基础安装工程破坏其他硬件 。
allow the baby to touch the book , chew on it , and otherwise physically touch it .	允许婴儿触摸书籍 , 咀嚼它 , 否则身体触摸它 。
save time dramatically reduce the time you spend making print and contact sheet projects .	节省时间 , 大幅减少你花费印刷和接触表项目的时间 。
the little girl was fascinated by all the fish swimming in the aquarium tanks .	小女孩被所有鱼游泳在水箱里游泳 。
the third board to sights on the next spin , the spin attack and put shortbased .	第三个董事会在下一个脊柱上照明 , 脊柱攻击并放短基础 。
objective:in order to demonstrate the etiological diagnosis of acute retinal necrosis .	目的:探讨急性视网膜坏死的病理诊断 。
despondently , the husband replied: 'i missed a new job opportunity .	丈夫回答道: " 我错过一个新的工作机会 。
he uttered the word indifferently , and as though his mind were on something else .	他差不多地说话 , 就像他心里的其他东西一样 。
tutti executed a fabulous fake faint , swooning cartoonishly right to the floor .	特塔蒂执行了一场著名的假冒脂肪 , 把卡通通的权利交给地板 。
" an internal sense of righteousness dwindles into an external concern for reputation "	" 正义dwindle " 的内部意义 , 成为一个外部关注的声誉 " 。
the people of the philipines have a great leader and must be proud of him . mr pres . duterte !	菲律宾人民有一个伟大的领导人 , 必须骄傲他 。 杜特先生 。
worldwide , $162 billion was spent in new cleantech investments in 2009 alone .	世界范围内 , 2009年独自花费162亿美元的新清洁投资 。
anything “street” – funky clothes that are casual and sporty – works well .	任何东西 " 街 " -有趣的衣服 , 这些衣服都是残酷和体育运动 , 很好 。
it improves your dps , but the down side it , your images can't trigger any bashes .	它提高了dps , 但下面的dps , 你的图像不能触发任何bashs 。
the timeless colouring of the tanzanite crystal makes this piece ideal for everyday wear .	坦桑石晶体的无时间色彩使这个日常穿着这一件理想 。
here , this is a more modern example with a little hash cafe next to it or something .	在这里 , 这是一个更现代的例子 , 下一个hah咖啡还是一些东西 。
jesus was born that night , and he had to sleep in a manger6 because there was no bed for him .	耶稣出生在那天晚上 , 他必须睡在一个曼格6 , 因为他没有床 。
leather spirit with a mountain to explain , at the same time the old leather also orders .	皮革精神与山一起解释 , 同时老皮革也顺序 。
if you can force your heart and nerve and sinew to serve your turn long after they are gone .	如果你能力量你的心脏和神经和神经 , 那么他们就会长久了 。
from the app developers: the astro file manager helps you get the most out of your android smart phone .	从应用程序开发人员:宇航文件管理器帮助您获得最聪明的手机 。
the location is directly opposite shinagawa jr station , and so was easy to find .	位置直接反对shinagawajr站 , 所以很容易找到 。
m . castells , the urban question: a marxist approach , london , 1977 ;	1977年伦敦 , 城市问题:马克思主义方法 , 1977年 ;
after that i kept thinking about why would someone be so unmannered instead of thinking about my games .	在那个时候 , 我不断想到为什么某人会如此不合理的想法 , 而非想起我的比赛 。
we turned out all the cupboards and drawers and found things we hadn't seen for years .	我们转出所有的杯板和抽屉 , 发现我们未见过多年的东西 。
all the things i cherished , how can they influence the people who are lying on the streets ?	我珍惜的东西 , 如何影响那些躺在街上的人呢 ?
the nbs also announced the consumer price index for may was down 1 . 4 percent year on year .	nbs还宣布 , 5月消费者价格指数下跌1.4% 。
the movement of the waves , of winds , of the earth is ever in the same lasting harmony .	波浪的运动 , 风 , 地球的运动是同一持久和谐的 。
as a working group , during the crisis , so as not to resign , notforwork , not to change jobs .	作为一个工作组 , 在危机期间 , 所以不要辞职 , 不要改变工作 。
this paper summarizes the application of proteinase inhibitor in agriculture and clinic treatment .	总结了蛋白酶抑制剂在农业和临床治疗中的应用 。
they rehearse through diligent practice and preparation ; they remain disciplined and professional .	他们通过勤奋实践和制备 , 继续学科和专业 。
since then , however , superstrings have proved a lot more complex than anyone expected .	然而 , 超弦比任何人预期更复杂 。
push off on your back and come up right away ! you should be spinning your arms before you get to the flags .	把你的背部推出来 , 右侧 , 你应该把你的胳膊放到旗帜之前 。
in addition , notetaking is more helpful in answering the general questions than the detailed ones .	另外 , 注意力比详细的问题更有帮助 。
" it was a great save , " he added , of de gea's vital stop from robin van persie .	他补充道: " 这是一个伟大的节约 。 "
the interbank bond market stock and trading volume accounted for about 90% of the total market .	银行债券市场股票和交易量占总市场的90% 。
bin laden’s vow in the 1990’s to bankrupt the us has been partly achieved .	本拉登在1990年代对破产的投票一部分取得 。
those giving other people of their patience and tolerance can win love and care as well as friendship of others .	那些给别人的耐心和耐受 , 都能赢得爱和照顾他人的友谊 。
they think in the next 25to 30years , robots and humans will be able to talk .	他们认为下一个25到30年 , 机器人和人类会谈 。
financial scams are also a threat , with senior citizens often being targeted .	金融灾难也是威胁 , 高级公民常被目标 。
later in the week , the kenyans waltzed off with gold medal in the steeplechase .	几周后 , 肯尼亚人走出金牌 。
jesus raised his friend lazarus from the dead . lazarus had been dead for four days .	耶稣从死中提起了他的朋友拉撒罗斯 。 拉扎罗斯死了四天 。
there are many rays of innovation between lines in the reprot of the sixteenth congress .	十六届国会重申行之间有许多创新 。
q: did the myanmar government give china any indication that it was about to move on the kokang area ?	问:缅甸政府给中国任何指示 , 要搬到康康康地区吗 ?
third , learn english , study abroad , studies abroad , marry a foreigner .	第三 , 学英语 , 国外学习 , 国外学习 , 结婚外国人 。
the bright meteor was spotted across the uk , leaving a vivid green trail .	明亮的气象被发现在英国 , 留下一条绿色的道路 。
nuon chea , in his early 80s , is the group's senior surviving member .	在他早期80年代 , nuonchea是集团的高级幸存成员 。
we might tell him that what he really needs to do is just look deep within and be true to himself .	我们可能会告诉他 , 他真的需要做的事情只是在自己内心看起来 , 真的是真正的 。
michael leechin crystal , royal ontario museum ; toronto , canada	加拿大皇家安大略博物馆迈克尔·李金晶体 ;
however , in 1555 , her spiritual pilgrimage took a more serious turn .	然而 , 在15555年 , 她的精神刑事带来了更严重的转变 。
now we discussed her fear of death and doubts about – yet yearning for – an afterlife .	现在我们讨论了她对死亡的担忧 , 并且怀疑她仍然是一年以后生活 。
thirty minutes later , she presented simran with a cd of her first recorded song .	三十分钟后 , 她带着她第一首记录的cd 。
so it was no wonder that strippy was so highstrung , lacking freedom and exercise .	所以不奇怪 , 严格的是那么高信任 , 缺乏自由和运动 。
scenario 2: modeling cyclic behavior focuses on the modeling of iterative behaviors .	场景2:建模周期行为集中于迭代行为建模 。
george romney , english portrait painter , died at kendal in cumbria .	乔治·罗姆尼 , 英国肖像画家 , 死于坎布里亚 。
i mean , we're losing our people skills because of the wonderful technology is there .	我的意思是 , 我们失去了人们的技能 , 因为这里有很好的技术在那里 。
as we continue to improve , though , our techniques should become more and more transparent .	然而 , 随着我们继续改进 , 我们的技术应变得越来越透明 。
well , i got into bed again , and five minutes later there came a bang at the door .	嗯 , 我又进床了 , 五分钟后 , 门上有一只爆炸 。
the sense of ownership of a poem: ask vast earth , who advocate ups and downs ?	诗的所有权感:问大地 , 谁倡导上下来呢 ?
bradley was able to witness his parents' marriage at christmastime that year .	布拉德利今年能见证他父母的婚姻 。
and the only difference between this and what's written conventionally is the way the constant is labeled .	传统上所写的唯一差异是常规的方法 。
he had learned from earlier writers , like ring lardner and sherwood anderson .	他从早期作家学习了 , 就像是戒指lardner和sherwoodanderson 。
small instruments are inserted through the incisions to remove the tissue and adhesions .	小型仪器通过切口来消除组织和粘附 。
physical tests , health tests , all those kind of things , like screenings , you know .	物理测试 , 健康测试 , 各种各样的东西 , 比如筛选 , 你知道 。
q mr . president , tied in with the jobs situation i think is the education system .	问先生 , 我认为是教育体系 。
our club invites a great deal of famous martial names as coaches and consultants .	我们的俱乐部邀请大量著名的武术名称作为教练和顾问 。
pants with " juicy " written across the heinie . i'm gonna wear that ?	" 陪审 " 的裤子写在海尼 , 我穿那件衣吗 ?
the chapter ended all too quickly ; war , fear and politics divided us again .	第一章结束了战争、恐惧和政治分裂了我们 。
it could have been corrupted because a virus was inside of it so it was making foreign proteins .	它可能被腐败 , 因为一个病毒在内部 , 因此它正在制造外部蛋白 。
the ointment of montmorillonite oxide fit the nation standard and is safety to human .	蒙特龙氧化物的臭氧适合国家标准 , 安全人类 。
so i'm on the road a bit , and i hold meetings , sometimes at the client's place .	所以我在路上有点 , 有时候在客户的地方 。
the author adds some new code to the basic kiva3v program and makes compilation of it .	作者将一些基本kiva3v程序添加到基本kiva3v程序 , 使其编译 。
if i owned only walking shoes , i wouldn’t be able to wear skirts or dresses .	如果我只有走鞋 , 我就不能穿裙子或裙子 。
he obtained , however , the recognition and approbation of the congregation of albi .	然而 , 他得到了阿尔比的识别和批准 。
discuss the effectiveness of sexual abstinence programs in the fight against stds .	讨论了对抗stds的性不稳定程序的有效性 。
have you ever found that the corners of the square things always damage easily ?	你曾经发现 , 平方的角落总是很容易损坏 ?
i thought of the early polar explorers as i braced myself for the walk .	我想到 , 早期极端探索者 , 因为我把自己放在走路上 。
nu wa felt sorrowful at all these happenings and decided to repair the sky .	nuwa感到很抱歉 , 决定修天空 。
concurrent chemoradio therapy might be the mainstream approach of cervical cancer .	并发化疗可能是宫颈癌的主要途径 。
family counselors remind parents not to take what a child says as the gospel truth .	家庭顾问提醒父母不要采取一个孩子说 , 就像福音真理 。
net . py displays the energy level of any given pattern or node array .	py显示任何给定模式或节点阵列的能级 。
usually , switching to the midgrade or premiumgrade gasoline will remove the knock .	通常 , 交换到中级或高级汽油将删除敲击 。
but in future chips , cores’ bandwidth requirements could fluctuate wildly .	但是在未来的芯片中 , 科斯的带宽要求可以大幅地影响 。
in this project , we plan to design an audiovisual aid system based on the virtual acoustics .	在这个项目中 , 我们计划设计一个基于虚拟声学的音频辅助系统 。
rice , cotton and vegetable seeds are sometimes grown in special seedbeds .	稻、棉、蔬菜种有时生长在特殊种子床上 。
enjoying life takes time to appreciate the natural and cultural richness around us .	享受生活需要时间欣赏我们周围的自然和文化丰富 。
wakeboarding festivals and competitions have been held in singapore and hong kong .	在新加坡和香港举行的篮板节和竞争 。
the mother of one of the girls , ronnda zezula , welcomed the apology .	罗伦达·泽拉的母亲欢迎道歉 。
the polish writer sought out gran , then in her late 80s , in paris in 2003 .	在巴黎晚80年代 , 波兰作家们寻找颗粒 , 然后在她的80年代后期 。
seventeen bike , with the wind , you wore she walked through the life of flowering splendid .	十七辆车 , 风 , 你穿过漂亮的生命 。
where mr kirchner seemed to relish confrontation , she ran as a consensusbuilder .	在哪里 , kirchner看起来像新鲜的面对 , 她跑得像一个共识的建筑师 。
dioxins are highly poisonous to the cells of our bodies . don't freeze your .	二氧化物对我们身体的细胞很有毒 , 不要冻你的 。
but i need to deal with such issues in person . my source will not be based on this grapevine manner .	但我需要处理这样的问题 , 我的来源不会根据这个葡萄牙人类的方式 。
" well , " said the child , " she went into the church with one man and came out with another ! "	" 嗯 , " 孩子说 , " 她和一个人一起走进教堂 , 又出来了 ! "
i can't do anything in america . i just don't want to have any stories written about me .	我不能在美国做任何东西 , 我只是不想写任何故事 。
here , in three installments , are overthetransom reports from people who have written in from china .	在这里 , 在三个安装中 , 是来自中国的人们写过多的报道 。
in the case presented in this article , the documentliteral with unwrapped style is a fit .	在本文中 , 文章提出的文档文档文档文件是一个适合的 。
the swans rose again , hovered in a circle , awaiting the results of their labors .	天鹅再次升起来 , 留在一个圈里 , 等待他们的劳动结果 。
i wrote this one in the middle of recording and it really all happened by accident !	我在记录中间写了这篇文章 , 事故真的发生了 !
kneed me in the chest and pounded my lower belly with their fists until i passed out .	把我绑在胸部 , 把我的下肚子和他们的拳头 , 直到我走出去 。
the same is true of major quest mobs – they all appear in instanced areas of the world .	同样的是世界上所有的实例领域 。
mottaki said washington needs to " change its behavior " if it wants new relations with iran .	莫塔克尼说 , 如果希望与伊朗的新关系 , 华盛顿需要 " 改变其行为 " 。
you could simply set width to 200 and height to 45 , and then accept the consequences .	你可以设置宽度为200 , 高达45 , 然后接受后果 。
this is a table that can be used for working , entertaining and , well , just generally swooning over .	这是一个可以用于工作、娱乐和娱乐的桌子 , 通常会在翻译 。
so when i move the circle it will act as a real axe . this image makes it more clear .	因此 , 当我移动循环时 , 它会作为真正的斧头 , 这个图像使它更清楚 。
anticatholicism is very much strongly entrenched in the british sense of who they were .	反犹太主义在英国感觉中非常强烈的企业 。
astronomers have unveiled the most complete 3d map of the local universe ever created .	天文学家已经揭示了当地宇宙最完整的3d地图 。
for any enquiries , please contact us at 2406 8050 or visit our website .	对任何询问 , 请在2406806850或访问我们的网站上联系我们 。
it may not be as glitzy as the past one but could be better for average working men and woman .	过去一个人或许不像过去一样闪烁 , 而且可以更好地为平均工作男人和女人 。
outbreaks in numerous other african countries are currently under investigation .	目前在调查中 , 大量其他非洲国家的爆发 。
by 1920 , the rules mandating three hits per side and backrow attacks were instituted .	到1920年 , 制定了每个侧和后排攻击的规则 。
you can only be blest and have peace and sweet rest , as you yield him your body and soul .	你只能清楚和平和甜蜜 , 因为你产生你的身体和灵魂 。
in this paper , a decomposability theorem is presented and proved by differentiable manifolds theories .	本文提出了一种可分解式理论的可分解定理 , 并证明了一种分解定理 。
they toured the forbidden city , where the chinese emperors had once lived in lofty splendor .	他们旅行了禁区 , 中国皇帝曾经生活在那里 。
many people on kauai believe that this is lemuria – a lost island in the atlantic .	许多人相信这是雷米利亚 , 在大西洋失去岛屿 。
results: no toxicities , teratogenicity and mutagenicity were founded during the tests in above .	结果:在上述试验中建立无毒性、地原性和突变性 。
instead of taking days to complete , the simulated process can run in mere seconds .	相反采取日子完成 , 仿真过程只有二秒才能运行 。
performance isn't linked to pay pay is really determined by market forces and budget .	市场力量和预算决定的性能并不与付款相关 。
" i want to keep going . at least for another decade or two , " he said with a smile .	他笑着说: " 我想继续继续 。 至少十年或两年 。 "
squatting by one of the walls , i took a little book from my knapsack .	在墙上 , 我把一本小书从我的knapsack拿出来 。
abbr . wa , wash . a state of the northwest united states on the pacific ocean .	华盛 , 北美西北部的一个州 , 太平洋 。
rappaccini looked surprised . " what do you mean , my daughter ? " he asked .	拉帕奇尼看起来很惊讶 。 " 你是什么意思 , 我的女儿 ? " 他问 。
however , these i don't care , only to find the drinks here no sands tastiness just .	然而 , 这些我不关心 , 只要在这里找不到沙味 。
bonera has a problem to the adductor and we hope to recover him and seedorf for next week .	我们希望下周恢复他和种子 。
if you smell me , smell the smell of thick come really makes people want to eat one .	如果你闻着我 , 闻着厚的味道真的让人们想吃一顿 。
when you are finished testing your new action , close the editor for helloapp . pli .	当你完成新的行动时 , 关闭helloapp.pli 。
art requires you to spend some time with it , to contemplate and think , leave and return .	艺术要求你花一些时间 , 要求你和它一起花费 , 来解释和思考 , 留下和返回 。
the nonlinear kinetic characters of landslip action are complex , exoteric and dissipated .	滑坡行动的非线性动力特征是复杂、外部和消散的 。
book value per share was $5 . 33 , up from $5 . 28 in the prior quarter .	每股价值为5.33美元 , 高于5.28美元 。
what are the real barriers to effective implementation and how have some organizations been able to overcome these ?	真正的障碍是什么有效的实施和组织能克服这些组织呢 ?
effects of broccoli with 1 mcp treatment and ma package during storage were studied .	研究了1mcp处理和存储过程中broccoli的效果 。
jim can't move the mouth of his mask . he doesn't have enough muscle in his lips .	吉姆不能移动他的面具的嘴巴 , 他嘴里没有足够的肌肉 。
in the front of the shaoxing work received the letter , sister szabics with myriad heart .	在绍兴工作的前面 , 收到了信 , 姐姐带着我的心脏 。
now , it turns out that that assumption , standardly built into the usual label , may be false .	现在 , 假设 , 标准构建到通常标签 , 可能是错误 。
based on this , g5 dynamic system measuring online of membrane thickness has been designed successfully .	在此基础上 , 设计了膜厚度的g5动态系统 。
the project also sought to store the information so that it would be available for research and medical purposes .	这个项目还采取储存信息 , 这样它可以用于研究和医疗目标 。
this paper putted forward countermeasure and suggestion through comparing domestic and foreign real estate finance .	本文通过对国内外房地产金融比较 , 提出了对策和建议 。
in this paper , the work is concerned with a class of fuzzy retarded integrodifferential equations .	本文用一类模糊反差分方程进行研究 。
floodwaters are still rising after this week's heavy downpours across parts of ohio .	俄亥俄州的部分地区 , 洪水仍然在上升 。
this is that little extracritical voice in our heads , externalized and projected onto others ;	这是我们的头部、外部化和投影的小声音 ;
somatic nuclear transfer in mammalian has achieved many offspring during the development in the past a few years .	过去几年来 , 哺乳动物的核转移实现了很多突出 。
in a sense the price of oil is playing the role that interest rates often play when an economy overheats .	在某种意义上 , 石油价格正在发挥利率的作用 , 当经济过热时 , 通常会发挥作用 。
tonnage of whiteflecked stone quarried in spain and finished in italy: 430 tons .	西班牙的白色石头 , 成了意大利:430吨 。
all the above motivate people , but few bosses have the ability to truly inspire their employees .	上述激励人民 , 但很少老板都有能力激励员工 。
fuzhou boland garments co . , ltd . is your most trusted supplier of apparel inventory .	福州波兰服装有限公司是您最信任的服装库存供应商 。
and though we have no control over genetics , there are other contributing factors that cause cellulite you can control .	虽然我们没有控制遗传学 , 但还有其他的贡献因素 , 你可以控制细胞 。
so how do you create a personal brand ? cloth boy network point of view of the following points .	所以你怎样创建个人品牌 ? 服装男孩网络观点下面点 。
chapter 53 is regional anesthesia superior to general anesthesia for hip surgery ?	第五十三章是地区麻醉总麻醉 ?
features 6 opening windows , a telescope and sextant as well as 3 deck lanterns !	特点6开窗 , 一个望远镜和性别灯 !
when i visited beijing , a student of mr . xia presented me with a photo of his teacher .	当我访问北京时 , 一位小先生给我带着他的老师照片 。
boseeinstein condensate is that a large number of identical particles occupy the same quantum state .	波斯坦凝聚是 , 大量相同的粒子占据同量子状态 。
the company says having two kinds of high definition dvds on the market has led to confusion with the buying public .	公司说 , 市场上有两种高定义dvd , 导致购买公众混乱 。
you said that they called out to our imaginations in a way that big budget films can no longer achieve .	你说 , 他们在想象中称之为我们的想象 , 大型预算电影不再能实现 。
bruce lindsey , clinton's close friend and special assistant for personnel , supported her .	克林顿的亲密朋友和特别助理人员 , 支持她 。
humans cannot hunt our kingdom as another fully conscious species without hunting yourselves ;	人类不能把我们的王国当作另一个完全意识的物种 , 没有打猎自己 ;
the act of blipping refers to the act of linking to a song and attaching a 150 character comment to it .	闪烁的行为指链接到一个歌曲的行为 , 并附加一个150个字符的评论 。
do not use in condition of pregnancy , epilepsy , cardiac , hypertension , braindamage .	不要使用妊娠、癫痫、心脏、高血压、脑损伤 。
the dynamical model of the system was developed , and the numerical results of the dynamical equations were obtained .	建立了系统的动态模型 , 得到了动态方程的数值结果 。
these will help you to progress improve technic , tone and of course embouchure , if done dilligently .	这些将帮助您进一步提高技术、语言和当然语言 。
the formulation and evaluation of a 10w/30 qe/cc grade engine oil are presented in this article .	本文介绍了10w/30qe/cc级发动机油的配方和评价 。
all of these artifacts require maintenance , have to be worked around , and scrapped if business needs change .	所有这些工具都需要维护 , 必须工作周围 , 并且如果业务需要改变 。
no questions . caldwellhad made a living riding the consoles of the union's capsule hotels .	没有问题 。 卡尔德威尔哈德在联合国胶囊酒店的一起生活 。
a new thyristor mediumfrequency power supply startup circuit is introduced in this article .	本文介绍了一种新型的中频电源启动电路 。
dr . albert schweitzer's vocation led him to set up a medical clinic in africa .	阿尔伯特·施威茨博士的职业使他在非洲设立医疗诊所 。
the cells were passaged by mechanical methods , frozen and thawed by general procedure .	通过机械方法、冻结和一般程序 , 通过细胞传递 。
chapter four analyzes the influence of patronage on translation in the late qing dynasty .	第四章分析了清代晚期翻译的影响 。
the evaporation step is followed by calcination to produce the desired nanosized structure .	通过计算 , 产生了要求纳米结构的蒸发步骤 。
common relaxation techniques include meditation , mindfulness , tai chi and yoga .	普通放松技术包括冥想、心灵、太极和瑜伽 。
that is a leapingoff point . you can also register a . mobi domain that is dedicated to mobile content .	这是一个跳跃点 , 您也可以注册一个.移动域 , 它被指定为移动内容 。
the obtained cryptosystem modifies the class of mc public key cryptosystems .	获得的晶体系统修改了mc公钥晶体系统的类 。
my home country is croatia . i was born in and raised in what used to be the former yugoslavia ,	我的家乡是克罗地亚 , 我出生了 , 曾经是前奥斯拉维亚 。
the present invention relates to one kind of decalcomania paper for porcelain surface decoration and its usage .	本发明涉及一种用于瓷表面装饰及其使用的十字体纸 。
in the second part , the litigation value and theory basis of discretional nonprosecution was discussed .	第二部分讨论了离散非抢救的诉讼价值和理论基础 。
an iodinebased contrast is injected into the bloodstream and watched as it travels around .	一种基于碘的对比被注入到血流中 , 然后看到它周围的旅行 。
if you want to get rid of your old computer , options include recycling , reselling , and donating .	如果你想要把你的旧电脑干净 , 选择包括回收、回收和捐赠 。
in this paper , the solutions of distributed index construction and distributed retrieval are also discoursed .	论述了分布指数建设和分布检索的解决方案 。
because we had this kind of antiseptic separation between suffering and nonsuffering until we are the one suffering .	因为我们在痛苦和非痛苦之间有这种防渗分离 , 直到我们是一个痛苦 。
the environmental resources have rareness , should consider the environmental cost in economic development .	环境资源稀缺 , 应考虑经济发展环境成本 。
all major policy changes in china have been the result of a process of trial and error on a limited scale .	中国各大政策变化一直是一项有限规模的试验过程和错误的结果 。
he sent his sinless son to bear the full brunt of the penalty we deserved to suffer .	他送他无罪的儿子去承受我们所得的罚款的充分破坏 。
our teachers encouraged us to find as many ways as possible to work out this mathematics problem . 34 .	我们的老师鼓励我们找到很多方法 , 尽可能工作这个数学问题 。 34 。
so , when supply chains shriveled , entrepreneurial ohmori became a manufacturer .	因此 , 当供应链冲动时 , 企业家奥哈莫里成为制造商 。
thangkas are usually rectangular in shape , and the square ones are reserved for mandalas .	感恩卡斯通常是形状的矩形 , 而且平方的储备为曼达拉斯 。
be that as it may, the nerve poison does its business with man far more quickly than the blood poison .	就像它一样 , 神经毒生意与男性比血毒更快 。
the main sound box uses the edges and corners distinct rectangle design , the line succinct sprightly .	主要声盒使用边缘和角度不同的矩形设计 , 线线连接 。
webapp . net use xml to allow multipart asynchronous rendering and contnt update .	我们bapp.net使用xml来允许多个异步渲染和接收更新 。
from time to time , " peeping " gloomy alley came from the missing job workers of drinking voice .	从时间到时候 , " 佩宁 " 的全球盟友来自缺乏饮用声音的工作人员 。
patricia neal raised money for children and adults who had suffered brain injuries .	帕特里亚尼尔为患脑损伤的儿童和成年人提高了钱 。
kiting – an inexperienced player will attempt to follow a mechapede with their vehicles .	一个经验丰富的球员将尝试跟随车辆的变化 。
timmy: but i'm 1 ) allergic to cats . keeping a cat wouldn't be fun for me .	蒂姆:但我是一只猫 , 保持猫不会对我感兴趣 。
define templates—the rules architect defines artifacts and templates using the brm tool .	定义模板-规则架构师定义了使用brm工具的工具和模板 。
bush will more than likely wait until this month , when his secondterm officially starts , to make a move .	布什将会等到这个月 , 直到他第二季正式开始时 , 做动 。
for example , you can combine one feed from bugzilla and another feed from the source control management systems .	例如 , 您可以从bugzilla和另一个来自源控制系统的饲料组合 。
kolli says the drought in the horn of africa came as no surprise to meteorologists .	kolli说 , 在非洲的马上干旱并没有令人惊讶的气象学家 。
because the fire mechanism of a small cluster tear bomb is complex , there is not a set of sophisticated theories .	由于小集群泪弹的火焰机理复杂 , 没有一组复杂的理论 。
multicore and gpu based systems are here and harnessing that power is hard with todays programming models .	多孔和基于gpu的系统在这里和谐 , 今天的编程模式很难 。
after treatment with shen fu tang , some patients's symptoms have improved evidently .	临床治疗后 , 一些患者的症状明显改善 。
you're too much for me , ennis , you son of a whoreson bitch . i wish i knew how to quit you .	你对我来说太多 , 费尼斯 , 你们的儿子 , 我希望我知道如何退出你 。
in addition , there is a 1015 page final term paper based on a topic of the student's choice .	另外 , 根据学生选择的话题 , 还有一个1015页最终的文章 。
mary eventually left maimi , obtained a good education , and fostered her natural music ability .	玛丽最终离开马米 , 获得了良好的教育 , 培养了她的自然音乐能力 。
anger can cause you to blame others for your problems and you may feel like getting revenge on those that have mistreated you .	愤怒可以导致你为你的问题责任别人 , 你可能会感觉到喜欢在那些错误的你身上收到报仇 。
the judge previously has said he might approve the contracts even over katherine jackson's objection .	前面的法官表示 , 他甚至批准凯瑟琳·杰克逊的对象 。
we have two major categories of products , one is file centric apps and another is database centric apps .	我们拥有两个主要的产品类别 , 一个是文件中心应用程序和另一个是数据库中心应用程序 。
teachers often told me to see the patient after the talk saying that a lot of reason all i have been heeded .	老师通常告诉我看病人 , 说 , 很多我曾经被绑架过的原因 。
and then there's that second , threefootlong horn on the woolly rhino: it was wide and flat .	然后 , 第二 , 三英尺长的木头上有三英尺的角:它是广泛的和平面 。
yet i would rather see a young person pray prayers from the heart than the most eloquent rote prayer .	然而 , 我宁愿看到一个年轻人祈祷的祈祷比最常见的罗特祷告 。
“it’s an arcane means of communication , which for the most part should be abolished , ” she told me .	她告诉我: " 这是一个阿卡恩通信的手段 , 因为最重要的部分应该被废除 。 "
i am happy to see her play much better in hong kong ; i think she will not disappoint in the final round .	我很高兴看到她在香港玩得更好 , 我认为她不会在最后一轮失望 。
" being plucked from obscurity is a bit like , you know , going on a long journey , " boyle said .	男孩说: " 你知道 , 长途旅行 , 就像是一点 , 你知道 , 你知道 , 走了一段长途 。 "
'the obvious advantage of using your hands is that you always have them with you , ' says sian porter .	" 使用手的明显优势是你总是和你一起拥有他们 , " 西安porter说 。
he said , during a drinking session in pub , one of his staffs joked that they should put vitamin in their undies .	他说 , 在一次饮料会议中 , 他的一名员工们笑话说 , 他们应该把维生素放在他们的星期里 。
on the other hand , your weight loss is in fact a continuous function , so each piece of data should be attached .	另一方面 , 你的重量损失实际上是连续函数 , 因此每个数据应该附加 。
no problem is permanent . storms always give way to the sun . winter always thaws into springtime .	无论是永久 , 风暴总是给太阳带来了 , 冬天总是变成春天 。
the stamps depict the actress as holly golightly in the film breakfast at tiffany's .	电影中 , 女演员们轻轻地描绘了泰芬尼的早餐 。
my wife went through my phone and uhm , may be calling you . so if you can , please take your name off that .	我的妻子去了电话和uhm , 可能叫你 。 所以如果你可以 , 请把你的名字拿出来 。
right . this is the brochure for mexico , yucatan is at the back , and this is the brochure for guatemala .	右 。 这是墨西哥的兄弟 , 尤卡坦是背部的 , 这是古特玛拉的兄弟 。
our identity is tied to the value that we bring into the world and historically that value means our profession .	我们的身份被绑定到我们带入世界的价值 , 历史上价值意味着我们的职业 。
functionally , pump station are either gathering stations or trunk line stations , and in some cases both .	功能上 , 泵站是聚集站或链路站 , 在某些情况下 , 两者都有 。
experiment boldly . rip off the greats , and the goods as well . mimick and make it your own . try and err .	实验很大 , 把大型和大型货物 , mimick和让它自己 。 尝试错误 。
compared the two methods , the results of power characteristic number method are better than that of shearing force decomposition method .	比较两种方法 , 功率特征数法优于剪切力分解法 。
m: well , i would not try to feed those little critters if i were you , they bite and can carry diseases .	嗯 , 如果我是你 , 我不会尝试喂这些小作家 , 他们会咬 , 可以携带疾病 。
researches on pure shear behaviors of dd3 single crystal are experimentally carried out for the first time .	第一次对单晶纯剪切行为进行了实验研究 。
under a series of the decoration of the clever and witty , commandos firefight , outwit the armory .	在一系列清洁和聪明的装饰下 , 命令os防御 , 出军 。
you'll see two councilmen , a union official , a couple of offduty cops , and a judge .	你会看到两个议员 , 联合国官员 , 两个犯罪副本和法官 。
avoid alcohol and aspirin while using methotrexate and misoprostol for a medical abortion .	避免酒精和阿司匹林 , 使用甲酸甲酯和米洛斯醇用于医疗吸收 。
thirdly , commercial banks should speed up disposing of nonperforming loan by various means .	第三 , 商业银行应该通过各种方式加快非绩效贷款的分配 。
which brings us to my final piece of advice ; don’t try to extract from what doesn’t exist .	这给我们带来的最后一块建议 ; 不要从什么不存在的东西提取 。
talking about the fast charge of accumulator for the mine explosionproof electric locomotive ;	讨论了矿山爆炸电路的快速电荷 ;
some cities are studying the halfway measure of banning them from bicycle lanes while permitting them on streets .	一些城市正在研究自行车巷的半路措施 , 允许他们在街上 。
li founded dayang in september 1979 with 85 employees , according to its web site .	李建立于1979年9月 , 85名员工 , 根据其网站 。
in this network the regional concept is limitlessly extended on informationization express highway .	在这个网络中 , 区域概念无限扩展信息化表达公路 。
i suggest we go to xxxx factory tomorrow morning , and go back to hangzhou from there , is that ok ?	我建议明天早上我们去xxxx工厂 , 回到杭州 , 好吗 ?
we should learn how to face failure or misfortune bravely and generously and to try to deal with it .	我们应该学会如何面对失败或失败 , 勇敢和慷慨地处理 。
that means big birds have to evolve different molting patterns to deal with their slowpoke feathers .	这意味着大鸟必须进化不同的熔化模式来处理它们的缓慢的羽毛 。
table iii: solubility of the drugs , polymer and filler used in the study , in water and alcohol .	表ii:药物溶性、聚合物和填料在研究中使用 , 在水和酒精中 。
" so , when it comes time for dinner , " he says , " pasta sauce without added sugar tastes bland .	" 因此 , 当晚餐的时候 , " 他说 , " 巴斯塔酱没有添加糖味 。
china hp also hosts another important it event each year aimed for endusers called hp electronic world .	中国hp还拥有另一个重要的it事件 , 每年都要求最终用户称为hp电子世界 。
he knew that xinjian was considered inferior and that a better school might help her find a better life .	他知道新疆被认为是优先的 , 学校可能帮助她找到更好的生活 。
this example is an ifthen rule ; therefore , you would see the if condition and its corresponding action .	这个例子是一个ifthen规则 ; 因此 , 如果条件和其相应的行动 。
they introduced bittorrent support ; browser gestures ; a nice mobile version . . .	它们引入了位电流支持 ; 浏览器姿势 ; 一个漂亮的移动版本 。
in such situations , the endpoint address used at development time is simply a placeholder , and is rarely used .	在这样的情况下 , 开发时间使用的端点地址只是一个位置符 , 而且很少使用 。
impressed with her abilities , vozda offered fiolla a job in corporate sector law enforcement .	vozda在公司法律实施中提供了一份工作 。
pincer and shock trooper ships were falling out of the sky like ducks on a bad day at the marsh .	皮克和休克部队在马什的一天 , 就像鸭子一样落出天空 。
objective: to analyse the effects of intertrochanteric fracture with dhs internal fixation in 60 cases .	目的:分析60例内固定dhs内固定的干扰性骨折的效果 。
the measurement of vector voltage can be got from the discrete sequential data of a sampled singal .	测量矢量电压的测量可以从抽样单元的离散序列数据获得 。
lillian:what if i tell her in a very nice way and bring her a sandwich to make her happy ?	莉莉莉安:如果我告诉她在一个很好的路上 , 给她带一个三明治来幸福吗 ?
the rockery , or peak , or shore , or mound or point to the role of the park in a certain extent .	岩石 , 或高峰 , 或海岸 , 或者指向公园的角色一定程度 。
you may want to say , " what do you mean by 'the self is vast' isn't that just spiritual claptrap ? "	你可能想说 , " 自我是什么意味着 , 只是精神的克拉普 ? "
nasolabial angle only reflected change of upper lip , but could not reflect characters of facial profile .	nasolabal角只反映了上唇的变化 , 但不能反映面部剖面的特征 。
mavs coach rick carlisle said: " i'm so happy for him . i'm so happy for dirk . "	马夫斯教练里克·卡里斯勒说: " 我很高兴他 , 我很高兴 。 "
a new orders subindex fell slightly to 52 . 5 in october from 52 . 8 in september .	10月52.8日 , 一个新的订单子指数下降至52.5 。
ibm filed an application for his green card for permanent residence in 2004 , and he has yet to receive it .	ibm在2004年为永久居住申请了一个应用程序 , 并且他还没有收到它 。
3 coal mine , the article puts forward an automatic control system of mine pump house based on plc .	本文提出了一种基于plc的自动控制系统 。
in those early days it moved men , it opened prison doors and made missionaries out of members .	在那些早期的时候 , 它打开了监狱门 , 使命从成员中获得任务 。
conversely , using ctrl+c and ctrl+v to build new implementations takes only seconds .	相反 , 使用ctrl+c和ctrl+v建立新的实现只需要秒 。
the release of seawater from the rock will raise sea levels over time , but not by much , says schrag .	schrag说 , 从岩石中释放的海水会随时间增加海平 , 但并不多 。
anyone diving from it to the pool would have to make an almost perfect dive or be splattered on the rocks .	任何人离开池里的人都必须在岩石上进行几乎完美的钻石或被抛弃 。
the serum was transported from anchorage to nenana by train where the first musher picked up the serum .	血清由锚定到内娜的列车运输 , 第一名穆斯勒拿上血清 。
and love happens to people of all ages , because one's internal life changes , as well as one's opportunities .	爱发生在所有年龄的人中 , 因为一个内在生活变化 , 以及一个机会 。
the chief suspect in the attack was al shabaab , a u . s . designated terrorist group that u .	袭击的首席嫌疑是美国指定恐怖分子组 。
for you this year , cheers for you today , tomorrow for your blessing: appearance and youth beautiful mood !	今年 , 欢迎你今天 , 明天为你的祝福:出现和青春的情绪 !
the reason we say nondual though is because anytime you think of one , it’s always in reference to many .	我们说不平凡的原因是因为你想到的任何时候 , 总是参考很多 。
this year , he's getting 30 percent of his baskets off dunks , and only 68 percent are assisted .	今年 , 他在篮子上占了30% , 而且只有68%的帮助 。
equipment is also much more basic , involves fewer slots , and is all handled on a 3d paperdoll .	设备也比较基本 , 涉及较少的槽 , 所有的纸币都处理 。
fig2 . the ring only shows up in meetings with vip clients to label its owner married and reliable...	图2 。 只有与vip客户进行会议 , 以标签自己的所有者结婚和可靠...
gas prices alone surged 3 . 3% in april , and are up 33 . 1% over the past year .	四月份气价单上涨3.3% , 去年上涨33.1% 。
obama stood and walked over to make small talk with pool reporters as roberts donned his black robe .	奥巴马站着 , 走过去跟池记者谈话 , 作为罗伯特斯捐赠了他的黑色绳索 。
situated at the beautiful and fertile town—ruian , which is " the motorcycle of china " .	位于俄罗斯美丽和肥沃的镇 , 这是 " 中国摩托车 " 。
strongly appeal on the change in the role of primary school teachers in curriculum innovation .	学校教师在课程创新中扮演着强烈的变化 。
the slope mine under the town was slowly filled with salt brine making the surface subside .	镇下滑坡缓慢填满盐布 , 使表面沉降 。
ingredients :wheat germ oil , chamomile , lavender , orange blossom , rose .	成分:小麦油 , 香烟 , 湖人 , 橙色花 , 玫瑰 。
look at my feet , grandma frozen stiff decided to make a pair of cloth padded boots .	看看我脚 , 冰冻决定做一双布垫靴 。
it jumped up and down disrespectfully , mocking the hunting soldiers . it threw a nut at them .	它分别跳起来 , 模仿猎人士 , 然后把刀扔在他们身上 。
of course you are bronbron , you're 19 years old . you haven't reached your prime yet .	当然你是青铜 , 你是19岁的 , 你还没有达到你的首位 。
the methods of how to use additive reasonably and improve the quality of cathode coppers are discussed .	讨论了如何合理使用添加剂 , 提高cathode铜质量 。
the machine is a set of sharpening and polishing highprecision dualfunction in one of the sharpener .	机器是一种形状器的尖锐和高精度双功能 。
one thing absolute monarchs don't want is they don't want impediments to their personal rule .	一个绝对的君主不想要的是他们不想阻碍他们个人规则 。
lapd swat is very highly regarded as probably the best urban swat team in the country .	拉普德·斯瓦特很高度被认为是国家最好的城市游泳团队 。
room 905 , jinli mansion , no . 115 beizhan road , shenhe district , shenyang .	沈阳市深圳区115号北山路115号房间905间 。
our girls never second guess themselves and they don’t talk themselves out of anything .	我们的女孩从来没有第二个猜到自己 , 他们不会谈论自己的东西 。
methods:the serological results of measles uncertain patients of 2006 in tangshan were analyzed .	方法:分析唐山2006例不确定性疾病的临床效果 。
trash , wooden pallets and any other flammable material must be removed from areas of hot work .	火车、木板和其他可燃材料必须从热工作领域删除 。
does the existence of this informal relationship give you the right to stretch the rules of the work environment ?	这个非正式关系的存在给你带来了工作环境的规则吗 ?
third , cover your tactics , psychological tactics is to protect the manipulation tool .	第三 , 涵盖你的战术、心理战术是保护操纵工具 。
in the third part of my paper i mainly elaborate the theory of ecosocialism and the commence on it .	第三部分阐述了生态社会主义的理论和社会主义的理论 。
in this paper , the audio file stored format and the method of restoration the audio waveform are analysed .	本文分析音频文件存储格式和恢复音频波形的方法 。
the material can be scorched rubber , flash overflow and unacceptable vulcanized product .	材料可分为橡胶、闪过流和不可接受的脆化产品 。
many a whale catties battle scars that were left by a squid's fierce struggles .	许多鲸猫被松鼠的激烈斗争留下的痕迹 。
property damage was estimated to be between $81 and $108 billion , according to noaa .	根据诺亚说 , 财产损害预计在81美元和108亿美元之间 。
if it’s a business trip , i am clearly going to bring mostly business casual items .	如果它是一个业务旅行 , 我很清楚要带来大多数业务casual项目 。
at last , literature were unscrambled , arranged , summarized and analyzed earnestly .	最后 , 文学无标志、安排、总结和分析 。
it hasn't been reported that the coelomic fluid of earthworm shows nuclease activity .	据报道 , 地球气体的溶性流体显示核酶活性 。
to achieve this in the above example , you use a regular expression to perform the replacement .	为了实现上述示例 , 您使用常规表达式来执行替换 。
this paper has described the application of remote sensing technology in environmental monitoring .	本文介绍了遥感技术在环境监测中的应用 。
simulation ceramics ashes , straight safety mini crystal ceramics glass ;	模拟陶瓷 , 直径安全微晶陶瓷玻璃 ;
they take themselves seriously the appearance of other in part , with be concerned about facesaving about .	他们认真地把自己带到另一部分的出现中 , 关注面部节约 。
the allergopharma allergic abstraction was used to detect the allergens with the skin prick test .	采用过敏药物过敏抽象检测皮肤打击试验的过敏原子 。
image: coral bleaching in australia’s great barrier reef/matt kiefer , flickr	图片:澳大利亚珊瑚漂亮的大屏幕礁/mattkiefer , flickr 。
for a quick , authentic meal , try the snack stalls down one of the side streets .	为了快速 , 真正的餐 , 尝试小吃停下一边街 。
a father , who is working hardly as an ironsmith , brings up his son under the hardship of living .	一个父亲 , 几乎不像铁匠一样工作 , 使他的儿子在生活困难下 。
in the first chapter of the paper , a review of qsar and docking methods , progress and applications is presented .	第一章介绍了qsar和cking方法、进展和应用的综述 。
the research development in catalysts for syndiotactic polymerization of styrene is reviewed .	综述了苯乙烯催化剂的研究进展 。
have you attended a hospital to receive medical treatment or been hospitalised in the past two years ?	过去两年你参加一家医院接受医疗或医院吗 ?
abdominal tenderness is noted , and pelvic examination reveals cervical motion tenderness .	指出腹部紧张性 , 胸部检查显示颈部运动紧张性 。
cats and snakes are traditionally cooked together , given the name " dragon tiger fight " .	猫和蛇是传统烹饪的 , 给出了 " 龙虎战 " 。
the id is also refereed to the pleasure principle , which also represents selfgratification .	同时 , id也指出了快乐原则 , 这也代表了自我绘制 。
banks are not lining up to lend money on their own for construction of the newest generation of indian points .	银行并不倾向于贷款 , 以建设最新一代印度点 。
this system can utilize the transmission bandwidth more efficiently and achieve frequency diversity .	该系统可以更有效地利用传输带宽 , 实现频率多样性 。
eventually it puts forward the focus of studying vbased solid solution type hydrogen stora...	最后 , 提出了基于v基于v的固体解决方案型氢气藏研究的焦点 。
and the largest source of funds is the sales back to subsection , and has been carried out according to plan .	根据计划 , 最大的资金来源是销售回报的 , 并且已被执行 。
activated clay is prepared via reation of bentonite and sulfuric acid at high temperature .	通过高温制备活性粘土 。
does your current lease allow you to request that your tenant vacate within a certain period of time ?	您的目前租赁允许您请求你在某些时期内的紧张假期吗 ?
wise investing is the surest path to financial independence and it's something everyone can work on .	智慧投资是金融独立的最确定路径 , 它是每个人都可以工作的东西 。
with thoughtful service and harmonious atmosphere , the nursing home is really the home of the aged .	虽然服务和谐大气 , 护理家真是老家 。
college staff bought 332 magazines , 44 fiction and 29 nonfiction books .	大学员工买了332本杂志 , 44部小说和29本非小说书 。
mrs . cronin: my dear , why don't you tell me what it is . i'm sure i can help you .	克林先生:亲爱的 , 你为什么不告诉我这是什么 , 我肯定我能帮你 。
of course , humans could take over for the missing birds , pollinating by hand and sowing the seeds .	当然 , 人类可能会采取错误的鸟 , 通过手把种子排出来 。
past efforts to reach a meeting of the minds on health care reform have ended in stalemate .	过去努力达到健康保健改革的一次会议已经结束 。
the company has its own research and development bases , and production bases in shangdong , shanghai and shanxi province .	公司拥有自己的研发基地 , 上海和山西省生产基地 。
" let's stay at one of the cheap motels on the edge of town , " kathleen suggested .	凯瑟琳建议: " 让我们住在城市边缘廉价的摩托车之一 。 "
" so questions remain concerning both accuracy and also applicability to other solar cycles , " she said .	她说: " 因此 , 问题仍然关注精度 , 也适用于其他太阳能周期 。 "
a tall man with white hair got out . it was albert , the husband of molly's sister .	白头发的一个高人 , 是阿尔伯特 , 莫莉的姐的丈夫 。
it's pouring in thailand ! a man walks down a bangkok street in heavy rains .	在泰国 , 一个男人走了一条长江街 , 在重雨中 。
in the 1970's , americans avoiding service in the vietnam war arrived and put down roots .	在1970年代 , 美国人避免越南战争的服务 , 并将根源放下来 。
major components: cactus extract cream , olive oil , vitamin b5 , geraniums .	主要成分:提取乳、橄榄油、维生素b5、geraniums 。
in other words , even our worst jobsearch errors are the training ground for greater success .	换句话说 , 即使我们最糟糕的工作搜索错误是训练成功的地方 。
but of the many contrasts given here what i find mostinteresting is sorrowful yet always rejoicing .	但我发现最令人惊讶的事情却总是喜欢的 。
we are surprised to hear about the damage . the order was carefully packed at our factory before shipment .	我们很惊讶地听到损害 , 船前准确包装的订单 。
winners take chances . like everyone else , they fear failing , but they refuse to let fear control them .	赢家们采取机会 , 像其他人一样 , 他们担心失败 , 但他们拒绝让他们控制 。
police officers in the city aren't being fully paid and may not even have enough money for gas .	城市警察并不充分支付 , 甚至没有足够的钱为气体 。
part 4 learn the process of writing news articles like a reporter in this free journalism training video .	第四部分 , 学习写新闻的过程 , 比如记者在本免费的记者培训视频 。
when there's a strong job market , organizations need to do whatever they can to attract top candidates .	当有一个强大的工作市场时 , 组织需要做任何他们可以吸引顶级候选人 。
being put in front of a client for the first time and asked to explain something was a daunting experience .	第一次在客户机前面 , 请求解释某些东西是一个日常的经验 。
don't fall into the trap of believing that because you can't test every line of code , you must test nothing .	不要落入信仰的陷阱 , 因为你不能测试每行代码 , 你必须测试任何东西 。
the fifth partita was " the worst bach recording i've ever made . it was also the most pianistic . "	第五方是我曾做过的最糟糕的记录 , 也是最多的钢琴 。
fire and wind raged all around , snapping juniper trees and incinerating the sagebrush .	火和风吹起了一切 , 跳过丛林 , 激起了老布什 。
the content of this page is from the illy port or illy customs import and export company directory ;	本页面内容是illy港口或illy海关进出口公司目录 ;
i have expressed my concern through my paintings which visualising the tension between human and environment .	我曾经通过我的绘画来表达出关注人类与环境之间的张力 。
the high efficient allocation of system resource by using multithread application highly improved the system performance .	采用多线程应用高效分配系统资源 , 提高系统性能 。
in britain , men are recommended not to drink more than 21 units a week and women 14 .	在英国 , 男性建议不要喝超过21个单位和14个单位 。
the time constant for pnipam in the collapsed state is nearly temperature and concentrationindependent .	崩溃状态中pnipam的时间不断变化 , 温度和浓度依赖 。
the exterior joinery elements will be in thermosprayed aluminum tinted charcoal gray .	外部jinery元素将在热线铝灰 。
rotating packed bed is a new highgravity gasliquid masstransfer equipment developed in 1980 .	旋转包装是1980年开发的一种新型高重力气体质量大规模设备 。
no matter what language i learn , i always try to look at my cup as ‘half full’ .	不管我学到什么语言 , 我总是试着看我的杯 , 像 " 一半 " 。
don’t be insulted if a cashier holds your bill up to the light to check its authenticity .	不要被绝缘 , 如果一个cashier拥有你的账单来检查它的身份 。
despite the disappointments , milner , lammie and houston argue that dec salt can succeed .	尽管失望 , 米尔纳 , 拉米和霍斯顿认为 , 决定的盐可以成功 。
the airbus a320 was flying from moscow to geneva when the attempted hijacking occurred .	空中汽车a320正从莫斯科飞往日内瓦时 , 试图出现hijack 。
owning to the arrangement of the course , 50 students found 6 companies and cheerz company is one of them .	拥有6家公司和切尔兹公司是其中一家 。
since that time , mcdonald's and its franchises have remodeled 11 , 000 stores .	自那时以来 , mcdonald和它的弗朗西斯已经删除了11 , 000家店 。
can the bookstores and libraries of this world stay viable and relevant in this age of edownloads ?	这个世界的书店和图书馆可以在这个年代的电子负载中保持活力和相关性吗 ?
physicists could solve it for only a small number of cases , such as that of two parallel plates .	物理学家只能解决一些情况 , 比如两个并行板 。
this finding adds yet more confusion to determining the best strategy for women with ntse acs .	这项发现还增加了困惑 , 以确定女性的最佳策略 。
nor did i agree with his somewhat emotional assessment of me as a " unique moron . "	我并不同意他的某些情绪评估我作为一个 " 独特的摩隆 " 。
ehrlich’s book , the population bomb , made him the mostfamous of modern malthusians .	埃哈里奇的书 , 人口炸弹 , 使他成为现代马尔索斯人最著名的 。
for example , there are restrictions that make it all but impossible to sell f22s to japan .	例如 , 有限制使它全部不可能卖f22 。
mathias is a typical midfielder with important potential which he will have to show on the pitch .	马斯蒂亚是一个典型的中场球员 , 他必须表现出来的重要潜力 。
just last saturday we saw each other again in berlin , along with mikhail gorbachev .	上周六我们再次看到伯林的另一个人 , 沿着迈克海尔戈尔巴奇夫 。
the name of this fruit , yes , this is technically a fruit , comes from nahuatl , too .	这个水果的名字 , 是的 , 这也是一个水果 , 来自nahuatl 。
as soon as the monkey king goes into the cave , the other animals cover the cave door with rocks .	就像猴王走进洞穴 , 另一个动物覆盖了洞穴门和岩石 。
its way more m2m than is necessary , but it certainly does the job of giving the best of them .	它的路径比必要多 , 但当然要做最好的工作 。
founded as a furtrading post , it developed rapidly after the coming of the railroad in1881 .	建立为一篇文章 , 在1881年铁路之后迅速发展 。
i found the distance to our main tent hard enough going , never mind a trek to the north pole .	我发现距离我们的主要帐篷很艰难 , 永远不介意朝北极的一条路 。
the reactions were manifested by allergic shock , purpura , urticaria and angioedema .	反应由过敏性休克、紫外线、尿尿和血管瘤表现 。
there are many minor gold deposits in the periphery of huanglin anticlinal . nucleus .	黄林抗凝胶周围有许多少量金矿 。
a bottomup itcentric approach focusing on discovery and characterization of existing it assets .	关注现有it资产的发现和特征 。
to be engaged in studying a role so as to be able to replace the regular performer when required .	要参与学习角色 , 因此在需要时可以替换常规演员 。
the average skews higher than the median because of a few very high incomes , deaton explained .	由于一些很高收入 , 德龙解释说 , 平均收入高于媒体 。
furthermore , the plugin may overwrite your changes the next time it regenerates the site .	另外 , 插件可以重新编写您的下一个时候它再生这个站点 。
now we never completed the study so we never wrote it up , but we did find some interesting preliminary things .	现在我们从来没有完成这项研究 , 所以我们从未写过它 , 但我们发现一些有趣的初步事情 。
it will have to fight against that , even if the new ngage delivers an excellent gaming experience .	即使新语言交付了一个优秀的游戏经验 。
if you find an apartment you like , submit an application to the landlord or property manager immediately .	如果你想找到一个公寓 , 立即向登陆者或财产经理提交应用程序 。
the date can also recruit superior nodachi units as well: attack is a date watchword !	日期还可以招聘优先的诺达奇单位:攻击是日期表 !
the single chromosome obtained in the study is rice field eel chromosome 3 ;	研究中得到的单色染色体染色体3 ;
hesse created minimal sculptures that retain a relationship to the organic through shape and texture .	他通过形状和纹理创造了最小雕塑 。
there was no history of trauma , apart from her having undergone acupuncture several years previously .	除了以前几年来 , 还没有历史的创伤历史 。
in addition to myers , also described by western tourists by nontibetans cruel attack .	除了神秘之外 , 也描述了西方旅游者的非tibetansruel攻击 。
other countries , notably india , must calibrate their government finances even more carefully .	其他国家 , 通常印度必须更仔细地校准他们的政府金融 。
production begins in the fall and the film is expected to be released in the summer of 2011 .	2011年夏天 , 电影开始在秋季 , 预计将在201年夏天发布 。
boring but serious english you are the redthreadwoven ball that i have dreamed to obtain .	烦恼但严肃的英语你是我梦想得到的红线织球 。
the shabab now control only 40% of mogadishu proper , down from about 60% a few months ago .	现在 , 沙巴现在只控制了40%的摩加迪苏合适 , 几个月前约60% 。
and with warm weather predicted in spain , the german said his day of karting should stand him in good stead .	在西班牙的温暖天气预测下 , 德国人说 , 他的日子应该站在很好的阶段 。
results: 108 canals were successfully reopened with a successful rate of 92 . 3% .	结果:108口腔成功重新开放 , 成功率92.3% 。
some complex flow characteristics such as separation , circumfluence appears around spur dikes .	一些复杂的流动特征 , 例如分离、循环影响出现周围的散菜 。
well , that was very decided indeed that does seem as if but , however , it may all come to nothing , you know .	然而 , 这是非常决定的 , 看起来似乎是假如 , 但它可能都没有任何东西 , 你知道 。
van der sloot has said he left holloway on a beach near her hotel after they had kissed .	范德·斯洛特说 , 在亲吻之后 , 他离开了好莱路附近的海滩 。
here she talks not only about real risk factors , she also rules out signs that could be misread .	在这里 , 她不仅谈论真正危险因素 , 而且她也规定可能是错误的迹象 。
this is no more effective than prayer which when it does seem to work can be explained away as coincidence .	这并不比祈祷更有效的时候 , 似乎可以被解释为共同事件 。
twopieces adjustable ladder can be designed and manufactured according to order demand .	根据订单需求设计和制造可调性梯 。
no sign of an epic clash of the titans such as the 1980's maradona platini one .	像1980年代马拉登·普林蒂尼这样的泰坦人一样 , 没有迹象 。
ltd . dongguan branch is a good faith for the purpose of formal professional decoration company .	东莞分行有限公司是一家正式专业装饰公司的良好信念 。
'all of the sudden , everything i loved about the city was just so frightening to me , ' she said .	她说: " 突然 , 我喜欢这个城市的一切都是那么恐怖的 。 "
several theoretical examples given in the paper show that the terrain correction of the surface ...	本文给出了几种理论实例 , 证明了表面的地形修正 。
the second instance indicates the code page used at the source , which is also windows usenglish .	第二个实例表明 , 在源中使用的代码页也是窗口使用nglish 。
however , the reelability has a negative relationship with the speed of heating if the set temperature is high .	然而 , 如果设定温度高 , 可靠性具有负相关系 。
yea , chinese history is great , and chinese food is awesome . let's enjoy our lunch man .	是的 , 中国历史是伟大的 , 中国的食物是肥胖的 , 让我们享受午餐的人 。
charlotte wrote as currer bell , emily as ellis bell , and anne as acton bell .	查洛特写道 , 作为当前的钟 , 艾米莉作为ellisbell , 安妮 。
i shall never forget those days when i lived in the army with the soldiershas a great effect on my life .	当我住在军队的时候 , 我永远不会忘记那些日子 。
the first thing bram did upon his return was run to mo , giving her hugs and kisses .	他回来的第一件事是跑到莫姆 , 给她的丈夫和亲吻 。
fortunately , gout is treatable , and there are ways to reduce the risk that gout will recur .	幸运的是 , 戈德是可治疗的 , 而且有办法减少治愈的风险 。
every element has a method to return the label of its category and a method to bind the clicking action .	每个元素都有一个方法来返回其类别的标签和方法绑定剪切行为 。
england setup with a stopper and cover , this exploits the talents of terry and ferdinand .	英格兰与停止者和覆盖 , 这将开发terry和ferdinand的天赋 。
this underlines that you should use double indexes if you want semantically correct numeric comparisons .	如果您想要语义上正确的数字比较 , 您应该使用双索引 。
university of the freedom of living people to temporarily forget the past , and floated up to enjoy the present .	生活的大学自由 , 暂时忘记过去 , 浮起来享受现在 。
tritium emits a weak form of radiation that does not travel very far in the air and cannot penetrate the skin .	在空气中没有旅行非常远的辐射形式 , 不能渗透皮肤 。
finally , concrete suggestions and measures are proposed for the implementation of the group' s development strategy .	最后 , 提出了集团开发战略实施混凝土建议和措施 。
in general and basically , i'm still one of those who are beneficial and harmless to the mankind and our society .	一般来说 , 我仍然是人类和我们的社会中一个有益和无害的人之一 。
this erosional basin was closed and evolved into a depositional basin during middle late pleistocene .	这种腐蚀盆地闭合 , 进化成沉积盆地 。
additionally , enthalpy and entropy both contributed to enantioseparation when mobile phase was acetonitrile .	另外 , 当移动阶段的移动阶段时 , 能量和熵都有贡献 。
each change brought fresh accessories , clothing , jewelry and body colors to the new collection .	每个变化带来新鲜的配件、服装、珠宝和身体颜色 。
while meeting financial group influence in foreign hotel to press on to the border , is because " wolf " come .	国外酒店会议金融群体影响到边境 , 是因为 " 狼 " 来 。
" of the four wars in my lifetime none came about because the u . s . was too strong . " ronald reagan .	罗纳德雷根说: " 我生命中四场战争对不起 , 因为美国太强了 。 "
in september , the company slashed its sales forecast for 2010 by 25% to 600 , 000 vehicles .	9月 , 该公司推出2010年9月份的销售预测 , 至600 , 000辆车 。
isn't that against china's principle of noninterference in the internal affairs of other countries ?	反对中国内部事务的非干扰原则吗 ?
objective:to investigate the electroneuographical characteristics in patients with guillianbarre syndrome .	目的:探讨guillianbar综合征患者电学特点 。
because the kidneys produce carnitine , kidney disease could lead to a deficiency of carnitine in the body .	由于肾脏产生卡尼汀 , 肾脏疾病可能导致肉体缺陷 。
to worship others blindly and belittle others at will are both factually the display of lack of selfconfidence .	敬拜别人 , 信仰别人 , 实际上都是缺乏自信的显示 。
he posited that animals acquired certain traits during their lifetimes because of their environment and choices .	他指出 , 动物在生命期间获得某些特点 , 因为它们的环境和选择 。
gaps are left between the outer cylinder and the inner cylinder , and air in gaps is pumped into vacuum .	外缸和内缸之间的差距离开 , 空气中的空气被泵入真空 。
we'd like someone to design a vector illustration of this fun , cute , accessible monstertype character .	我们喜欢有人设计这个乐趣的矢量图 , 可访问的怪物类型 。
913 and , he didn't publish anything related to the lewis structure until about 1912 or 1913 .	913和1913年 , 他没有出版任何与立法结构有关的东西 , 直到1912年或1913年 。
dynamic program data from backend business logic can also be placed at the specified location in the html .	后端业务逻辑的动态程序数据也可以在html指定位置放置 。
experimental results on plasma instability and potential confinement configuration in mm4u tandem mirror are presented .	给出了mmm4u射线中等离子不稳定性和潜在限制配置的实验结果 。
so , these onchanging properties that describe the state of the equilibrium state of the system are called state variables .	因此 , 描述系统平衡状态的这些交换属性被称为状态变量 。
an optimal sequencing of the storage elements in the single scan chain design for testability is presented in the paper .	本文介绍了单扫描链设计中的存储元素的最佳序列 。
in this paper , macroporous resin was used to treat wastewater resulting from manufacturing sulfanilamide .	本文采用宏孔树脂处理废水 , 从制造硫化硫 。
to be responsible for the partymasses work of administration and its directly affiliated institutions .	负责党的工作和政府直接配置的机构 。
the gentleman was infinitely resourceful and had close contacts in the army and in political circles .	绅士无限是资源丰富的 , 在军队和政治圈中有密切的接触 。
a motor vehicle which reaches the standards for being discarded as unserviceable shall not run on road .	一辆汽车到达标准的车辆 , 应当不可行道路运行 。
used for the treatment of acute and chronic enteritis and diarrhea caused by bacterium or fungus .	用于急性和慢性肠炎和腹泻引起的细菌或真菌 。
other agreements in 1880 and 1892 sealed the protectorate status of bahrain to the british .	1880年和1892年的其他协议密封了巴林的保护状况 。
objective: to observe the effects of synthetical rehabilitation cure on guillainbarre syndrome .	目的:观察合成康复治疗吉拉丁堡综合征的效果 。
small doohickey 2: sunshine fades not more easily than be being cleaned in day of overcast and rainy .	小道子2:太阳面不容易被清洗 , 而且在天气和雨天清洗 。
the four vessels were then reinforced by two type 037 antisubmarine patrol crafts .	然后采用两种037型反潜艇巡逻工艺加固四艘船舶 。
so research and development as a new treatment for burns and wound healing of the drug become yet to resolve the issue .	因此 , 研究和发展作为烧伤和伤口愈合的一种新的治疗 , 仍然要解决这个问题 。
represent medicine: much pepsin , pancreatin , more enzymatic piece , mai feiming wait .	代表药物:ppsin、胰腺素、更多酶片、maifeing等 。
increasing starch concentration had little influence on the gab parameters but nonetheless decreased aw .	增加淀粉浓度对gab参数的影响很小 , 但无法降低aw 。
deputy mayor he jihua meets with principal members of kagoshima cultural exchange group .	委员会长 , 他与克格奥斯马文化交流集团总会晤 。
current champion ronnie o'sullivan believes ding junhui has what it takes to go all the way .	目前冠军罗尼·奥斯利夫南相信 , 丁俊惠有所需要的一切路 。
timely deployment of work safety , strict implementation of territorial regulatory responsibility .	时间部署工作安全 , 严格实施领土规范责任 。
the public security work in poor areas will face favorable opportunities of development and confront grim challenges .	贫困地区公安工作将面临着发展和面临严峻挑战的机会 。
today's dynamic business needs are driving it departments to implement standardsbased computing .	今天的动态业务需要驱动it部门实现标准计算 。
it plans to equip other ultralight kits with electric motors ranging from 10 to 60 kilowatts .	它计划设备其他超光电机 , 从10到60公斤的电动机 。
mgm has now been taken over by new owners , however , and its money troubles appear to be a thing of the past .	然而 , mgm现在已经被新所有者采取了 , 而它的钱的麻烦似乎是过去的一件事 。
let us consider that we are all insane . it will explain us to teach each other . it will unriddle many riddles .	让我们考虑到我们都是不安的 , 它将解释我们彼此教学 , 它将会不断地解释许多骑士 。
but there are a variety of things about people who can communicate from the dead or ghosts or seances or what have you .	然而 , 有各种关于死鬼或鬼的交流 , 或者你有什么东西 。
sift together the dry ingredients into mixing bowl . add in diced butter and knead to form dough .	将干成分一起搅拌碗中 , 加入糖黄油和膝盖形成 。
yet despite much speechifying from bankerbashing politicians , such views do not seem to have taken hold .	然而 , 尽管从银行基础政治家们讲话很多 , 这样的观点似乎没有采取持有 。
customers will pay 2 star prices for a 5 star offering , a value proposition unmatched in the market place .	客户将支付2颗明星价格为5星提供 , 在市场上不匹配的价值建议 。
i think the reader gets the point . at some point we're all acted like this: we've been too busy to do god's work .	我想读者得到了这一点 , 在某些方面我们都是这样行动的:我们太忙了 , 做上帝的工作 。
and basically everything what agassi and rios , and some other guys , what they have in life is thanks to the tennis .	基本上 , 阿加西和里奥斯的所有东西 , 以及其他一些人 , 他们生活中有什么感谢网球 。
in many cases they interfere with the normal economic order in our country affecting the market of many highquality goods .	在许多情况下 , 他们干涉了我国的普通经济秩序 , 影响了许多高品质的市场 。
tax related crimes include all kinds of offence aganist china's tax system according to chinese criminal law .	根据中国刑法 , 各类违约机构的税收制度包括各类税收制度 。
first , image capture and pantilt control are firstly achieved based on hikivision's image capture board .	首先 , 基于hikivision的图像捕获板实现图像捕获控制 。
the other part may be steeped in the principles of debate , such as identifying fallacies , or understanding bias .	另一部分可能是在辩论原则上稳定 , 例如识别失败 , 或者理解偏见 。
this is true whether you are doing street photography or visiting a natural or manmade site .	这是真正的 , 你是否在街道摄影或访问自然或人造网站 。
if you can't make a lateral leap , look for ways to expand your current position in the direction of your interests .	如果你不能做一个侧腿 , 寻找您的目前位置扩展您的兴趣方向 。
your breath will come in through the crown of your head and will fill your body in a manner you are not really accustomed to .	你的呼吸将会在你的头冠中出现 , 将填满你的身体 , 你不真的习惯 。
according to the variation of pressure and speed , optimize the model to reduce the pressure loss .	根据压力和速度变化 , 优化模型降低压力损失 。
it becomes a hot topic these years . the major characteristics of channel are multipath transmission and shadow effect .	通道的主要特点是多路传输和阴影效应 。
" every time negotiations are underway , money always makes the decision , " pellegrino told sport . es .	普莱格里诺告诉体育 。
shampoos and other products designed to open scalp pores do not stop hair loss or promote regrowth of hair .	山坡和其他产品设计开口螺纹孔不停止发损或促进头发的繁殖 。
the results from greenhouse experiment showed that the efficiency of biocontrol could arrived at 72 . 1% .	温室试验结果表明 , 生物控制效率可达72.1% 。
of course , none of us thought we'd be sitting on top of that peak in the not too distant future .	当然 , 没有人认为我们坐在那高峰的顶部 , 未来太远 。
this week in our series , larry west and tony riggs describe an antiwar movement that was growing .	本周 , 我们的系列 , 拉里西和托尼·里格斯描述了一种抗war运动 , 这正在增长的抗war运动 。
even tutoring at a forprofit learning center or leading tours at a historic site required a master’s .	即使是在前利润学习中心或领导旅游的历史网站要求主人 。
the bct fee will be waived for all singaporeans and singapore prs above 16 years old .	新加坡人和新加坡prs将在16岁以上 。
so in this paper , the way of realization of the hl7 middleware on multiparameters monitor is intro duced .	本文介绍了hl7中间件实现多参数监测的方法 。
i’m on the shit list in my platoon for quitting , and my chain of command won’t move me if i ask .	我在照片上列表 , 如果我问 , 我的命令链不会移动我 。
the chongqing upt head hunting company is taken as an example to do a preliminary research in operating pattern .	重庆起头猎企业作为运营模式的初步研究 。
the model of effect information entropy project risk analysis has its unique theory and method in solving these problems .	信息熵风险分析模型具有独特的理论和解决这些问题的方法 。
the businessschool method of valuing shares is based on the discounted value of future dividend payments .	基于未来支付价值的折扣价值的商学方法 。
how can you say so ? without breach in continuity how can there be rebirth ? can there be renewal without death ?	你怎么说呢 ? 没有呼吸连续性 , 怎么出生 ? 可以再生吗 ?
censure: a punishment in which the mage is warned against future violations , similar to parole .	检查:警告将来违反未来暴力的惩罚 , 类似于巡逻 。
the next section explains this cost more fully as it explores how startup costs are initially incurred .	下一节解释了这个成本更全面 , 因为它探索起始成本是如何最初被伤害的 。
a scientific study of athletics is the process of cognition to reveal the essence in things and their objective laws .	运动学的科学研究是揭示事物与客观法的本质过程 。
but feiler's wife , linda , had a hunch that something was wrong: " you know as a wife , as a spouse .	但菲勒的妻子林达 , 还有一个猎人: " 你知道是一个妻子 , 就像是个怪物 。 "
in principle , each copy of the genome ; s estimated 60 , 000 genes is exactly the same .	原则上 , 基因组的每个副本 ; s估计60 , 000基因是同样的 。
if there are no or not enough researchers looking into this subject , what should this author be entreating the government to do ?	如果没有足够的研究人员寻找这个主题 , 那么这位作者应该把政府引入哪些地方呢 ?
again , if you want to match either of these characters verbatim , you must use an escaping backslash .	再次 , 如果你想要匹配这些字符verbatim , 那么你必须使用一个逃跑背景 。
however , when using the model for the 2008 european championship , the forecast winner did not make it to the second round .	然而 , 当使用2008年欧洲冠军的模式时 , 预测赢家并没有把它放到第二轮 。
with multifunctional die , the square and round hole angle steel flange can be manufactured .	采用多功能模具 , 可制造圆孔角钢法兰 。
good mind is broad , generous , and tolerant of the universe for the benefit of mankind the common people .	好心是广泛、慷慨、容忍宇宙的好处 , 为人类的共同利益 。
here , i first of all express our most sincere congratulations to the class group achieved outstanding results and classmates !	在这里 , 我首先表达了我们最真诚的祝贺到课堂团体实现优秀的结果和同学 !
yalong bay center place , won a national construction " luban award " modern garden plaza .	永湾中心位置 , 获得全国建设 " luban奖 " 现代园林广场 。
for some weeks , my 26yearold son , david , had been after me to go with him to atlantic city , n .	几个星期 , 我的26岁儿子戴维德 , 曾经跟他去大西洋城市 。
the bank had the trust of its customers and had not seen any meaningful outflow of funds , tilmant said .	泰尔曼特说 , 银行拥有其客户的信任 , 并没有看到任何有意义的资金流出 。
endurance swimmer diana nyad has become the first person to swim from cuba to the us without a shark cage .	保险游泳者迪安娜·尼亚德已经成为第一位来自古巴的游泳者 , 没有鲨鱼笼子 。
" it would be irresponsible for the president to veto this legislation , " boehner told reporters .	博纳告诉记者说: " 总统不负责这项法律 。 "
their personal stories show the tragic reality of cancer in poor countries and its strong impact on people and their families .	他们的个人故事显示了贫困国家癌症的悲剧现象及其对人和家庭的影响 。
after akmal shaikh , the mentally ill man , is executed tomorrow – you are on short rations for a year !	在阿克马尔·沙克之后 , 精神上病人 , 明天被执行 , 你每年都是短期的 。
anyone who violates the regulations or disobey theexaminer will be handled according to related regulations .	根据相关规定 , 违反法规定或违反法律的任何人都会被处理 。
perhaps less than a kiloton , which sounds like a lot but is actually small as nuclear devices go .	也许不到一个kiloton , 听起来像很多 , 但实际上很小 。
at a more basic level , americans are afraid not just of dying , but of talking and thinking about death .	在更基本的水平上 , 美国人不仅害怕死亡 , 而且谈论和思考死亡 。
tan later , " juying lu pen consciousness " that read: " china's great sages , no clouds change also .	晚些时候 , " 朱宁露笔意识 " 这个阅读: " 中国的伟大年代 , 没有云变化 。
prf global inc is a u . s . a . corporation located in huntington beach , california .	prf全球inc是一家位于加州华盛顿海滩的美国公司 。
typically , large manufacturers will have a quality system that exceeds the medical device qs regulation .	通常 , 大型制造商会拥有超过医疗设备qs规范的质量体系 。
a man who likes to moralize is usually a hypocrite , and a woman who does the same is invariably plain .	一个喜欢道德化的男人通常是一个假设 , 一个女人也不可避免的女人 。
though none of us will individually alter the course of the universe , collectively we can do this !	尽管我们中没有人会单独改变宇宙的过程 , 集体地我们可以这样做 !
" but , " he added , " through the grace of god and wisdom of our leaders , these plots were neutralized . "	" 但是 , " 他补充道 , " 通过我们领导人的神智慧和智慧 , 这些情节被中性化 。 "
a survey of arbuscular mycorrhizae of wild flowers in longtou mountain area and its application ;	龙乌山地区野生花的研究及其应用 ;
remember , the name of god represents the god we name , and the lord god himself is this tower .	记得 , 神的名字代表我们所名的神 , 耶和华自己是这座塔 。
to safely use wasted onebase propellant , detonation occasion of charge was judged through witness steelplate .	为了安全使用浪费一基推进剂 , 通过证据钢板判断了电荷的破坏偶尔 。
since fda began scrutinizing the drugs last march , shares of amgen have sunk 27 percent . u .	自3月份fda开始刺激药品 , am基因的股票占美国的27% 。
this paper is a summary on the experimental investigation of almg alloys with the alloying addition of re .	本文总结了almg合金加入的合金加工的实验研究 。
this is unzipped on the broker and saved on the broker's file system according to message set .	根据消息集 , 在经纪人文件系统上保存并存储在经纪人文件系统上 。
the book's writer , john b . watson , urged extreme firmness in dealing with children .	这本书的作家约翰·布特森敦促与儿童交易极端坚定 。
you shouldn’t need that many more words to explain what the picture means or why you’ve included it .	你不应该需要更多的词来解释图片意味着什么 , 或者你所包含的原因 。
pepper , basil , oregano , turmeric , thyme , lime , onion and garlic are only a beginning .	辣椒 , 辣椒 , 柠檬 , 柠檬 , 柠檬 , 洋葱和蒜只是开始 。
try and clear your mind before bed time and make an effort to think positive thoughts that aid sleep .	尝试和清楚你的心灵 , 想起正面的思想 , 帮助睡觉 。
but after china joined the npt in 1992 and the nsg in 2004 , it reined in such help , at least officially .	但在1992年加入npt和nsg之后 , 至少正式重新加入了npt 。
haun ni asked molly , whats the matter , molly asked kim she isnt a person can love a person no longer love ?	哈尼问莫莉 , 什么事情 , 莫莉问金 , 她不再爱一个人吗 ?
the problem lies in the insufficiency and low efficiency of humancapital investment in rural areas in china .	中国农村资本投资不足和低效率的问题 。
for a while , aunt fan had large breasts too—they'd open up and she'd pull stuff out .	在一段时间里 , 安恩特·范也有大胸 , 他们开放了 , 然后她就会走出去 。
most of the characters have no mouths , dot eyes , and stick limbs ; those with lips are unintelligent .	大多数字符都没有嘴巴 , 眼睛 , 粘着肢体 ; 嘴唇不聪明 。
grandma , tell me how you make everything so delicious ? someday i want to be the best cook there ever was , just like you .	奶奶 , 告诉我你怎么做美味吗 ? 有天我想做最好的烹饪 , 就像你一样 。
romania , under its president , traian basescu , is a bastion of atlanticism in the black sea region .	罗马尼亚总统巴斯库是黑海地区大西洋主义的基础 。
the direct link between alcohol and the liver is well understood but what about the impact of alcohol on other organs ?	酒精与肝之间的直接联系很理解 , 但酒精对其他器官的影响是什么 ?
but i do think it is time to reevaluate the things i do have and whether or not they add any value to my existence .	但我认为 , 重新评估我所做的东西是否会增加任何值的存在 。
the last recipe item in the list , shown in listing 5 , contains an additional html class: onlinerequired .	清单5中显示的最后一个接收项 , 包含一个额外的html类:在线需要 。
acronym for " thank god its almost friday " , word is only usually used on thursday .	周四 , " 感谢上帝 " 的周五 , 单词通常只用于周四使用 。
ed begely jr . , the 61yearold activist and actor , has been doing it for longer than any of them .	爱德·贝吉利·杰 , 61岁的活动家和演员 , 一直在努力比任何人长得多 。
i'm tough , i'm ambitious , and i know exactly what i want . if that makes a bad woman , okay .	我很艰难 , 我很抱歉 , 我知道我想要的东西 。 如果这让一个坏女人 , 好 。
we asked relationship experts what you should discuss before getting hitched . here are 13 questions they came up with .	我们问你应该讨论的关系专家 , 这里有13个问题是他们来的问题 。
gady epstein , beijing bureau chief for forbes , has been covering china and asia since 2002 .	北京官方首席福布斯 , 自2002年以来已经覆盖中国和亚洲 。
our first stop was dongcheng , the county seat of dongguan –already an emerging force in export trade .	我们的第一站是东莞县的座位 , 已经成为出口贸易的新兴力量 。
we had legislation about the national health service passed 10 years ago and nothing has happened since .	十年前 , 国家卫生服务的立法已经过去了10年前 , 没有发生 。
till now , the paper constructs a framework according to the model which root in theory and tested by practice .	直到现在 , 本文根据实践中根据理论和测试的模型构建了框架 。
the passer touches a person to let them know he needs to get through but allows his hand to linger longer than necessary .	乘客触摸一个人 , 让他们知道他需要通过 , 但让手比必要长 。
he went to her , scolded her gently for her earlier faithlessness , and assured her that her search was over .	他去她 , 轻轻地为她早期无信 , 保证她的搜索已经结束了 。
unzip sj_tomcat . zip to the root of your tomcat installation’s webapps directory .	unzipsjtomcat.zip到您的tmcat安装的webapps目录 。
the team showed only those cells with ezh2 phosphorylated by cdk1 differentiated into bone cells .	小组只显示了由cdk1分化成骨细胞的ezh2磷的细胞 。
but the chinese does not recognize this fact , nor if he should do so would it diminish his sense of innate superiority .	但中国并不认识这一事实 , 如果他应该做的话 , 那就会减少他的不良感 。
the aim of the study was to investigate the effects of plant growth regulatorliduo was on wheat yield .	研究小麦产量对小麦产量的影响 。
whenever we forget these basic truths about gifts , it always causes trouble in the church .	每当我们忘记那些关于礼物的基本真理时 , 它总是在教堂里引起麻烦 。
in order for the world to realize the coming of maitreya , a number of conditions must be fulfilled .	为了实现maitreya的未来 , 必须满足许多条件 。
doctor frank paul is an expert in glaciology from swiss federal institute of technology .	弗兰克·保罗是瑞士联邦科学研究的一个专家 。
bud film contract and leaf long , lozenge or wedge , have notch shape a toothlike part of anything .	芽膜合同和叶长、松散或婚礼 , 没有形成一件牙齿类似的一部分 。
perform monitoring , inspection and quality control at inhouse and subcontractor steel fabrication and welding section .	在室内和子承包钢制造和焊接段执行监测、质量控制 。
this invention describes a hydroxylamine benzene dismutase , its coding gene and applications .	本发明描述了一种羟胺苯突变、编码基因和应用 。
close shop to try and control monetization and you can only rely on your own internal innovation machine & capital .	关闭商店尝试和控制动机 , 只能依靠自己的内部创新机械和资本 。
it might be possible to get those same restrictedcalorie benefits from parttime dieting , the researchers said .	研究人员说 , 可能得到同一限制卡路里的利益 , 从部分饮食中获得同样的限制 。
the relief effort wasn't enough to get assembly lines restarted elsewhere , however .	然而 , 救援努力并不足以获得组装行的其他地方重新启动 。
address: room 201 , 4th block , ceramics research insitrute , fengxi road , chaozhou , china .	地址:201 , 4th块 , 陶瓷研究发源 , 凤西路 , 潮州 。
a palladium phthalocyaninepvc membrane electrode for thiocyanate ion was prepared .	制备了一种用于甲酸盐离子的平行磷酸盐膜电极 。
the stub and skeleton objects also take care of beginning and committing containermanaged transactions .	stub和skeleton对象也需要关心开始和承诺容器事务 。
and i will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth , blood , and fire , and pillars of smoke .	然后我会在天上和地上、血、火和烟 。
since the beginning of the new century , the beginning of the largescale introduction of this subject .	自从新世纪开始 , 本课题的大规模介绍开始 。
he founded an authentic transaction network for famous chinese modern paintings and calligraphies in 2004 .	他在2004年创立了一家著名的中国现代绘画和书法网络 。
communication with inotify is established through a system call . the available functions are as follows	通过系统调用建立inotify的通信 , 可用函数就如下 。
sleepwalking is one of the disturbances of consciousness that fall in the scope of psychopaths .	睡眠行为是精神病范围下降的意识障碍之一 。
a: those who entered china illegally have violated china's law . they should be handled by china according to the law .	答:中国非法侵犯了中国法律 , 应当根据中国法律处理 。
and the blood test is reliable as early as seven weeks into the pregnancy , whereas ultrasound is not .	而且血液测试早于7周的妊娠 , 而超声也不存在 。
psc media also increased the amount and the caliber of blood vessel in cam model in vivo .	psc媒体也增加了cam模型中血管的数量和caliber 。
now read the text , have rarely been touched , and enjoy the film , often tears in your eyes .	现在阅读文本 , 很少被触摸 , 享受电影 , 常在眼睛里泪 。
failing that , his wife will have a sizable dossier with evidence of infidelity to confront him with .	失败了 , 他的妻子会有一个可行的剂量 , 证据证据表明 , 与他面对他 。
the key is embolic infarction is a focal change , whereas autolytic change is global and diffuse .	关键是一个重点的变化 , 而自动变化是全球和扩散 。
i hope shasha's classmates or friends coming abroad can read your essays if possible .	我希望莎莎的同学或来国外的朋友可以阅读你的评论 。
the catv graphical components library , which this paper introduces , is just the base of the aided software .	本文介绍了catv图形组件库 , 只是援助软件的基础 。
but the milk is full of white blood cells that thicken and make the milk go bad more quickly .	但牛奶充满了厚的白细胞 , 使牛奶更快 。
also , cooking and edible quality were mostly determined by gca of restorers and sca of f1combinations .	同样 , 烹饪和食用质量主要由f1组合的gca和sca决定 。
the technique supports euclidean distance measure and lshift euclidean distance measure .	该技术支持欧尔南距离测量和l转移uclidean距离测量 。
" cerasomes were designed as a therapeutic alternative to common chemotherapeutics , " said kester .	克斯特说: " 宫颈是一种常见化疗的治疗替代方式 。 "
the average price for gasoline was down 7 cents at $3 . 70 per gallon in the latest week .	最新星期 , 汽油价格平均下跌7美分 , 每加仑3.70美元 。
when her bitter ready to surrender , and found that all video clip in locked in the record has been force than the ;	当她准备上升的时候 , 发现所有的视频剪辑都比记录中的所有视频剪辑要强 。
of course you can buy some unlocked phones right nowbut it's usually a niche way of operating . .	当然你可以购买一些不锁定的手机 , 但通常是一个运行方式 。
experiments showed the effect of metal ions on the shape , size and surface structure of lipid rafts .	实验表明金属离子对脂肪植物的形状、尺寸和表面结构的影响 。
" if i started all from scratch in the united states , i would have spent much more time looking for funding , " jiang said .	江说: " 如果我从美国开始 , 我会花很多时间去寻找资金 。 "
if there is a neurological disparity between the genders , it could explain important behavioral differences .	如果患者之间存在神经学差异 , 它可以解释重要行为差异 。
objective discussing the clinic application value of dry chemistry test paper method and urine deposit mirror inspecting method .	目的探讨干化学试验方法和尿沉积镜检测方法的临床应用价值 。
resulting assumption: i am a great employee and make a significant contribution to my team	结果假设:我是一个伟大的员工 , 为我团队提供了重要贡献 。
this journal has the right to select and publish the writings and pictures published in this journal .	本期刊有权选择和出版本刊登的作品和图片 。
articke 12 the rate leviable on the smallscale taxpayers goo ds or taxable services shall be 6% .	第十二条小规模税人或可税服务的可行性应当为6% 。
the motor function in the two groups was markedly improved after treatment , especially in treatment group .	两组电机功能明显改善 , 尤其是治疗组 。
droughts spread through the subtropics , accompanied by heatwaves and intense wildfires .	通过热波和强烈的野火传播的亚热热带 。
i like a picture which john lennon and yoko ono hugging , they are like a smooth circle .	我喜欢一幅约翰·莱昂和约翰·莱诺的照片 , 他们就像一个平滑的圆形 。
his mop of black hair and silverrimmed glasses make him a dead ringer for harry potter .	他的头发和银色的玻璃使他成为哈利波特死戒指 。
a letter generally mails to americaeuropeafrica by airmail . first 20 grams is 20 yuan .	一封信通常邮寄到美国的非洲 , 第一20克莱姆是20元 。
zakah is a portion of one's wealth that must be given to the poor or to other specified causes .	扎卡是一个财富的一部分 , 必须给穷人或其他指定的原因 。
so what happens almost instantaneously after the collision , the electron up here falls back down .	因此 , 碰撞后几乎发生了什么 , 电子在这里下降了 。
what's this ? this is what it looks like when you stand at the foot of one of the giant junipers at mount lala .	这是什么呢 ? 看起来像你站在一个巨大的跳伞脚的时候那样 。
breathable leather interior aids in wicking moisture away from your feet so they stay healthy and dry .	可呼吸的皮革内援助 , 使它们保持健康和干燥 。
she feeds the orphaned calf three to four times a day , the same amount an infant requires in a day .	她每天喂牛肉三到四倍 , 同样的婴儿一天要求 。
to the best of our knowledge , brain capillary telangiectasia rarely has been previously reported by swi .	对于我们的知识最好 , 大脑毛细管炎几乎没有被瑞典报道 。
ann: look , this news is about a post80s girl who spent 3000 yuan for her dog's birth .	安妮:看 , 这个消息是一名80岁的女孩 , 她为她的狗出生3000元的女孩 。
used the er graph tool to design the system information model , and has constructed the system database physical information model .	利用er图工具设计系统信息模型 , 建立了系统数据库物理信息模型 。
no flooding on our way up to the land , but here and there in the mountain area are fallen branches on the road .	我们的路上没有洪水 , 但在这里 , 在山区的山区是落在路上 。
frame of manufacturing management layer and supervisory control layer network system make out subsection .	制造管理层和监督控制层网络系统的框架 , 做出订阅 。
results and conclusion the present laboratory examinations do not show obvious help for the early diagnosis of bmt .	结果与结论本实验室检查对bmt早期诊断具有明显的帮助 。
and the designed sensor can also be used to measure some other types of linear displacement or rotation angle .	设计的传感器也可用于测量其它类型的线性位移或旋转角 。
analysis about some phenomenon of using characters of bronze inscriptions in the han dynasty .	分析汉代铜描述的一些现象 。
there are some different pt conditions between the west and east of the southern area to the chonglichicheng large fracture .	重城大裂缝西部和东部地区的pt条件有不同的pt条件 。
schoolrunning strategy: adapt actively , advance moderately , and develop independently .	学校运行策略:积极适应、高级、独立发展 。
the formula is therefore considered as available to the calculation of drawing force on tube sinking .	因此 , 该公式被认为是可用于管沉降的计算 。
the value to set is a reference to either a java . lang . object , or a subclass thereof .	设置值是一个java.lang.对象或子类的引用 。
the national collegiate athletic association governs college sports in the united states .	美国国家高校运动协会政府体育学院 。
" you mean the people who live in the big house next door , don't you ? " asked one of the girls .	" 你是指住在大门里的人 , 不要你吗 ? " 一个女孩问道 。
my husband's first coaching experience was with a juniorhighschool basketball team .	我丈夫第一次教练经验是一支高中学篮球队 。
objective to study the clinical features and treatment of traumatic cerebral intraventricular hemorrhage .	目的探讨创伤性脑室出血的临床特点及治疗 。
there are defects such as wash , blowhole , dispersed shrinkage in the butterfly type valve .	在蝴蝶型阀中 , 洗涤孔、吹孔等缺陷有缺陷 。
this amount increases each year you're here inline with inflation and subject to government regulations .	每年你在这里与通货膨胀和主体联系 , 增加政府规定 。
the longterm causes of the cold war were fundamentally due to the ideological differences between east and west .	冷战的长期原因基本上是由于东西与西方之间的思想差异而导致的 。
one of the downsides of antidepressant pills is that they can take a long time to work — between two and eight weeks .	反抑郁药的下面之一是他们可以长时间工作 , 在两到八周之间 。
i have a great relationship with him , even after the primavera game he called me wanting to know everything about my condition .	我和他有一个很好的关系 , 即使在原始游戏之后 , 他叫我想知道一切关于我的条件 。
the society of boys' centres is the main beneficiary of a scholarship & development fund set up by us .	男孩中心的社会是美国建立学科开发基金的主要效益 。
in this paper , the construction management of the modern landscape greening project is analyzed in this paper .	本文分析了现代景观希腊工程建设管理 。
guangzhou city people's congress , canton canton ya huang yongguang said school principals .	广州市民国会 , 加州黄永广说 , 学校主任 。
objective :to establish a quality control of compound tetracaine hydrochloride gel newly prepared .	目的:建立一种新制备的复合四氯酸盐凝胶的质量控制方法 。
rooms divided into standard rooms , deluxe rooms , single rooms , all kinds of suites .	房间分为标准房间、豪华房间、单房、各种套套 。
objective:to investigate the bacteria infection and drug resistance state in the medical intensive care unit .	目的:探讨细菌感染及耐药状况 。
objective to investigate the absorption kinetics of ligustrazine at different intestine segments in rats .	目的探讨不同肠段不同肠道分段的吸收动力学 。
i could smell the fresh , wonderful scent of devil's hole , the water , the moss , the laurel .	我可以闻到新鲜的味道 , 精彩的魔鬼洞 , 水 , 摩西 , 奴隶 。
returned to south koreas ginger both smoke and willow township enjoy the two people in love time .	回到韩国 , 烟雾和威廉镇都享受爱时期的两个人 。
so this is just the idea that the most electrons that you can have in a single orbital is two electrons .	因此 , 这只是你可以在单轨道上拥有最多的电子 。
forget about level surfaces , forget about standing back , and just pick up your quadrotor and throw it .	忘了水平表面 , 忘了站起来 , 只要拿起四分之一 , 把它扔掉 。
" docking " means that adequate information sharing , mutual understanding and the parallel development of same period .	" 码头 " 意味着充分信息共享、互相理解和同时期平行发展 。
blue roses also have mythical qualities because until the japanese discovery they were impossible to grow .	蓝玫瑰也有神话质量 , 因为直到日本发现他们不可能生长 。
just before we left , the husband told me he and his wife had moved in 34 years ago , right before they got married .	就在我们离开之前 , 丈夫告诉我 , 他和妻子在34年前搬了 , 就在婚前 。
trapped in a crowd , the music is loud . i said i love my freedom too , now i'm not sure i do .	我也喜欢我的自由 , 现在我不确定我做的 。
for an invention to be patentable it must not be obvious 'to one of ordinary skill in the art' .	对于一个发明来说 , 它不能明显 " 艺术中的普通技能之一 。
on may 5th , leonard stringfield releases and article in batavia , illinois about aliens .	五月五日 , 莱昂纳德字符串发布和文章在巴塔维亚 , 伊利诺伊利诺斯 。
st lucia is clearly an island on the move ; one can only hope that it will retain its unspoilt charm .	圣卢西亚明显是一个岛屿 , 一个人只能希望它保留它的不停的魅力 。
please maintain clean environment , turn off cellular phone and b . b . call , prepare .	请保持清洁环境 , 转移手机和b.调用 。
moreover , the treatment efficiency of hpac was better than which of traditional pac or aluminum sulfate .	此外 , hpac治疗效率优于传统的pac或铝硫酸铝 。
what value can songbird add if the user navigates from a music blog to cnn ? probably none .	如果用户从音乐博客到cnn中导航的话 , 可以添加什么值 ?
i was just in denmark , and it occurred to me there’s not a hint of a big gulp society there .	我只是在丹麦 , 发生在我那里并没有一个大古尔卑斯社会 。
to deal with the increasing load of idp , it is essential to implement load balance based on cluster .	为了处理sidp的增加负载 , 基于集群实现负载平衡是必要的 。
but in the presence of so violent a temptation , reason vanished ; nothing remained but instinct .	但在那么暴力的存在下 , 原因消失了 ; 没有任何东西仍然是直觉 。
it is great to be here in the same time as the irish group . that gives us a new perspective about the way to work with ceramics .	与爱尔兰群体一样 , 这给我们一个新的观点 , 与陶瓷一起工作 。
first , service premium is a key issue of credit market with the transition from shortage economy to surplus one .	首先 , 服务总值是信用市场的关键问题 , 从短缺经济转变到超过一个问题 。
she worry you listen , but didn t also way , then she saw the northsouth and mis blue , said later .	她担心你听着 , 但也没有办法 , 然后她看到北方和蓝军 。
she saw it through a mist of fancya pale , sombre halflight , which was the essence of poetic feeling .	她看见这是一半的诗意感觉的本质 。
but change enough words , though it is only one at a time , and your thought ends up dead just the same .	但改变足够的词 , 虽然只有一段时间 , 你的思想才结束了死亡 。
evidently two of the girls there had an altercation and one pushed the other off the wharf and into the water .	显然 , 两个女孩有一个改变 , 一个人把另一个人推到水里 。
the sunset glow floods the inlet of the river , blending with the hues on the horizon , and me .	太阳光闪烁着河流的入口 , 混合在水平上 , 和我一起 。
one pair may not fit inside all of your shoes , so you may want separate orthotics for dress shoes or sports .	有一对可能不适合你的鞋子内部 , 所以你可能想要分开穿鞋或运动的正交道德 。
he then surrendered to guards and handed over a letter , but details of his particular plight were not made known .	然后 , 他又向卫报告 , 然而 , 他的特殊插件的细节并不被所知 。
add to this ideas promulgated by religious groups in which transgressive sex is sinful even as a fantasy .	加入宗教团体的这一想法 , 即使是一个幻想 。
a sponge that absorbs c02 and boosts hydrogen fuel production , said an australian researcher .	澳大利亚研究人员说 , 吸收c02和提高氢燃料生产 。
ralph sings , norton plays " swanee river " and then " melancholy serenade " fast tempo .	拉尔夫歌曲 , 诺顿扮演 " 天鹅河 " , 然后 " 黑色圣诞 " 快的温度 。
the transaction mechanism and the system will be maintained by the company , the proxy stores , retailers old sales .	交易机制和系统将由公司、代理商店、零售商保持 。
to use the period inventory system effectively , the manager must be able to control inventory by visual inspection .	为了有效地使用周期库存系统 , 管理器必须通过视觉检查来控制库存 。
but i say unto you , that it shall be more tolerable for the land of sodom in the day of judgment , than for thee .	但我对你说 , 要比判断当天的苏格兰土地更容忍 。
it's a sentiment once professed for every artist from shaun cassidy to paul mccartney .	这是一位来自山西的艺术家保罗麦卡特尼教授的情感 。
the cost savings are enormous , and the timetomarket for new applications or functionality is greatly improved .	新应用程序或功能的时间市场大提高了成本节约 。
out went suits in favour of the opennecked shirts that mr lafley usually sports .	拉弗莱先生通常运动的开放式衬衫 。
thenthe optimal driving curve under the conditions of matching and linear voltage control is derived .	然后在匹配和线性电压控制条件下 , 给出了最佳驱动曲线 。
suddenly , huan zang could not control himself but began to laugh with his beloved wife and adorable babies .	突然 , 黄张不能控制自己 , 但开始笑着他的妻子和可爱的婴儿 。
i knew how hard dad worked to scrape together enough money for my accordion and lessons .	我知道大爸怎么工作 , 为我所承认的和教训提供了足够的钱 。
get some pliers or something to hold the hinge with and hammer lightly at the hinge . do so for both hinges .	让某些人或某些东西放在床上 , 轻轻地挂着帽子 , 这样做两个窗子 。
gentleness is a sharp sword . gentleness is a latent power which can let all the people submit themselves to it .	温柔度是一个尖锐的剑 。 温柔度是一种潜在的力量 , 让所有人都提交自己 。
both in theory and in practice , ethics and the economy have become irreconcilable opposites .	在理论和实践中 , 道德和经济都变得不可再相反 。
for me it is a very dangerous if i didn't have any ready to enter for the exam , i will get a bad grade .	对于我来说 , 如果我没有准备进入考试的话 , 我会得到一个糟糕的级别 。
but the twotime academy award winner is also one of hollywood's highest profile christians .	但这两次学院奖金也是好莱坞最高的基督徒之一 。
number two , pointer dereferencing starts at the pointer and follows its arrow over to access its pointee .	第二 , 指针引引导开始于指针 , 并遵循其箭头访问它的指针 。
it is believed that on december 21st , 1891 , the first basketball game in history was played .	相信在12月21日 , 1891年12月21日 , 历史上第一场篮球比赛 。
in the wake of the midterms , he has voiced a willingness to work with the republicans in congress .	在中期醒来的时候 , 他声明意愿与共和党人在国会工作 。
japan's is far greater , yet the yen has become one of the safe havens for those fleeing the dollar .	日本更远 , 但日本已经成为那些逃离美元的安全之一 。
the land they're squatting on has arable tracts , trees , hills to the west and natural springs .	它们正在向西和自然春天的地方 , 有着可行的痕迹、树木、山木、山林 。
dr . jenningswhite has published many articles on the topic of organic chemistry and perfumery .	詹宁斯白博士在有机化学和香水的主题上发表了许多文章 。
michael:paulo ? i don't believe it . i thought he worked all the timelike my brother .	迈克尔:保罗 ? 我不相信它 , 我想他一切时间像我的兄弟一样工作 。
my sister has mistaken me for a mushroom . she keeps me in the dark and feeds me shit .	我姐已经错过一间蘑菇 , 她把我放在黑暗里 , 喂我 。
cardinal rosales praised the life of the “extraordinary” saint . “this is his home town .	罗萨尔赞扬了 " 异常 " 圣的生活 。 " 这是他的家乡 。
" it's only the malicious guys who have to worry about what happens once they submit a result , " livshits says .	" 这只是那些必须担心一旦提交结果发生的恶性家伙 。 " livshits说 。
they made their way to the secondfloor store room , broke down the door and dressed themselves in officers' uniforms .	他们走到第二楼的店间 , 打破了门 , 穿着警官的统一服装 。
the method of ontology merging based on fca can overcome the drawbacks of the traditional ontology merging methods .	基于fca的本体合并方法可以克服传统的本体逻辑合并方法 。
hplc method for the determination of larginine in cefepime hydrochloride for injection was established .	建立了用于注射液的hplc方法 。
software process engineering metamodel is the standard specification that formally describes the software development processes .	软件过程代谢元模型是正式描述软件开发过程的标准规范 。
for experience discussion of , the article introduces the thinking of a large number of preqin confucianism and taoism .	针对经验的讨论 , 介绍了大量前秦儒学和道教思想 。
returning to the familiar kitchen he slides a knife along his letters , slitting out their folded information .	回到熟悉的厨房 , 他沿他的信里滑一刀刀 , 滑出他们折叠的信息 。
then the people of the land killed all who had plotted against king amon , and they made josiah his son king in his place .	然后 , 土地的人杀死了所有人 , 反对国王阿蒙 , 他们在他的地方制造了约西亚王 。
ulta , another retail chain , was among the first to put mass and prestige offerings on the same selling floor .	ulta , 另一个零售链之一 , 是第一个把质量和压力提供同样的销售地板 。
daguerre did not need to make money from the invention to live , since he had been pensioned by the french government .	自法国政府被罚款以来 , 达格尔不需要从发明到生活中赚钱 。
how can you tell people that eating the filets of a shark is fine , but eating the fins of that very same animal is not fine ?	你怎么告诉人们吃鲨鱼的文件是很好的 , 但吃这类动物的最后一点也不错吗 ?
for sensing air temperature under heavy loading appliances such as fan heater , hot air tunnel ...etc...	热气隧道、热气隧道等重载装置下的感应气温等 。
when power converters operate at boost mode , the lowvoltage side battery will discharge and provide power for dclink ;	当电源转换器在提高模式运行时 , 低压侧电池将放电 , 为dclink提供功率 ;
its downfall occurred in 1256 as a result of the expansion of the mongol empire into iran and syria .	它的下降发生在1256年 , 因此蒙古帝国扩张到伊朗和叙利亚 。
this paper has established a bistable region diagram and a boundary diagram of the failure to attenuating vibration .	本文建立了一个禁区图和一个边界图来增加振动的故障 。
the contextual linkages of records should carry the information needed for an understanding of the transactions that created and used them .	记录的上下文链接应该对创建并使用它们的事务所需要的信息进行理解 。
in this hot summer , let your computer desktop has become full of fantasy , full of temptation to it !	在这个热夏天 , 让你的电脑桌面已经变得充满幻想 , 充满诱惑 !
micro electro mechanical systems multigranularity macromodeling nonstandard structure model order reduction ;	微型电力学系统多粒度宏模拟非标准结构模型顺序降低 ;
aim to investigate the chemical constituents of the rhizomes of anemarrhena asphodeloides bunge .	目的探讨阿米尔河纳沥青的化学成分 。
" before it happened i loved school , i loved everything about it , " redding , now 19 , said on cnn television .	" 在我喜欢学校之前 , 我喜欢一切东西 , " 红色 , 现在在cn电视上说 。
the space is dotted with various types of houses and tradesman 's workshops with their messy yards .	空间与各种类型的房屋和贸易人员的工作舱相结合 。
we also learnt about some local fauna including a toad in the family bufonidae which is toxic if eaten .	我们还学习一些当地的范围 , 包括在家里的巴芬尼亚 , 如果吃毒的话 , 这些都是有毒的 。
but therein lies a danger the danger of assuming that tangible , quantifiablethings are all there is to an impasse .	但是 , 在危险中 , 假设可变的危险中 , 量化的东西都有一个冲突 。
the construction theorem of regular semigroups with orthodox transversals was given by a simpler formal set .	通过简单的正式集 , 给出了正交交耦合规半群的建设定理 。
qualitatively analyze the existing problem of the antenna height scanning for the eut with radiating characteristicsin the measurement method .	定量分析天线高扫描的存在问题 , 采用辐射特性测量方法 。
but we must remind our comrades that they must truly follow the spirit of the " may 7th directive " .	但我们必须提醒我们的同志 , 他们必须真正遵循 " 57指导 " 的精神 。
young bloods are full of ambition and pride once they have collected their first trophy the skull of their kill .	年轻的血液充满了雄心和骄傲 , 一旦他们收集了他们第一次杀死的脚趾 。
tumbling this price positions significantly increase potential null layout has been positive .	把这种价格定位显著提高潜在的null布局 。
the result testified the difference of antiinfection for nematodirus spp between poll dorset and mongolian sheep .	结果表明 , 花粉doret与蒙古羊之间抗体感染的差异 。
" beyond the mountain's olive tree " , " little river up " , " village crossing " and others .	" 远超过山的橄榄树 " , " 小河 " 、 " 村庄交叉 " 和其他人 。
in a video image from new zealand's tvnz , men carry a wounded man after he is pulled from the rubble .	在新西兰电视台的视频里 , 男人从橡胶中拉出一名伤害的人 。
in 1990 hazen took on a second position , as professor of earth science at george mason university .	1990年 , 在乔治马逊大学地球科学教授 。
ozark's turkey farmers are not immune to the issues that are hurting farm communities everywhere .	ozark的土耳其农民并非免疫 , 每个地方都会打击农村社区的问题 。
the alien seeds thus took roots , sprouted and grew into such big plantain trees on top of other trees .	因此 , 植根 , 植根和生长到这种大规划树上 。
“the volksparteien are coming to an end , ” says peter l&ouml ; sche , a political scientist .	政治科学家彼得·l&uml说: " 伏克斯帕蒂恩到了一个结束 。 "
sediment samples collected from seven stations in xiamen western harbour were processed qualitatively and quantitatively .	定量地处理了厦门西海岸七个站的沉积样品 。
both succumbed to the temptations of drink and women , and had uneasy relations with the critics and the press .	两者都成功地结合饮酒和妇女的诱惑 , 与批评家和新闻有着不明显的关系 。
dashboard receives contextual information from the focused application and uses it to query a selection of backend stores .	dashboard从集中应用程序接收上下文信息 , 并使用它查询一个后端存储的选择 。
agv grandbase system is a set of software to control and manage many agvs to accomplish many material transit tasks .	agv大基础系统是一套用于控制和管理许多gv来完成许多材料传输任务的软件 。
as the first chapter of book five begins , there is a drought in surrey which has prompted a hosepipe ban .	作为第一章的第一章 , 书五开始有一个药物 , 这些药物已经提高了一个希望型禁止 。
with convenient transportation:it's 220km from shanghai , 65km from hangzhou , 290km from ningbo .	运输方便:上海的220公里 , 65公里 , 来自宁波的290公里 。
when the swiss author robert walser created a portrait of a poet , he actually wrote a selfportrait .	当瑞士作家罗伯特·沃勒创造了一个诗人肖像时 , 他实际上写了一个自我肖像 。
everything you have thought , said , and done makes up the kind of person you are now , and also contains the seeds of your future .	你所想到的一切 , 说 , 做了你现在的一种人 , 也包含你未来的种子 。
one terrorist nuke , assembled from stray exsoviet fissile material , can ruin your whole day .	一个恐怖分子nuke , 由strayexsovietfisile材料组装 , 可以破坏整天 。
afternoon listening to two friends talk about the past , think of " the dream into reality . " this paragraph of word .	下午听了两个朋友谈论过去 , 想 " 梦想 " 的现实 。
the nature and characters of operations research , the knowledge system , the developing history , applications , functions in the business decisions .	运营研究的性质、知识系统、发展历史、应用程序、业务决策中的功能 。
" i'm a vampire , and i've been alive for over 500 years , " bensley said , according to erickson .	据伊里克逊说: " 我是个真空 , 我已经活了超过500年 。 "
so does theresa may , who is under pressure to cut police numbers as a result of the austerity programme .	因此 , 在压力下 , 可以减少警方数字的结果 。
well it came when elijah , the amazing prophet of the one and only god picked me to be a prophet like him after he died .	好的时候 , 埃利亚的惊讶的先知 , 只有上帝才挑我 , 就像他死后的先知一样 。
attending his reading , he said , were large numbers of hispanic people , 40 , 000 of whom lived in the same city .	他说 , 参加他的阅读 , 很多西班牙人 , 40 , 000人住在同一个城市 。
in order to make sure , i think you should have a threeglass urine test made as well as an examination of the prostatic secretion .	为确保 , 我认为你应该有一个三glas尿检查 , 以及检查预后分泌 。
the school has minhang , yangpu two main campus , is now actively strive to build a new campus port .	学校拥有小张 , 杨浦两个主要校园 , 现在积极努力建立一个新的校园港口 。
the company has cable research institute with powerful technical strength and domestic advanced product r&d capability .	本公司拥有强大的技术强度和国内先进产品r&d能力研究所 。
wang condensation cold that lost touch with organizations , the white sea angel dumpling also admitted his revenge .	王凝结冷却与组织失去联系 , 白海天使饺也承认他的收入 。
therefore , it is critical that governments place investing in immunization high on their national health agendas .	因此 , 政府在民族健康议程上投资免疫高度的关键性 。
this paper presents the principle and methods for design and calculation of the deviationmeasuring mechanism of the inclinometer .	本文介绍了斜面计偏差测量机理的设计和计算方法 。
under the influence of welfare pluralism , community care has become one of main strategies of coping the problem .	在福利多元主义影响下 , 社区护理已经成为复制问题的主要战略之一 。
i actually jogged every day when i was in jail , and i took shower with cold water no matter if it was snowing oring .	我实际上每天都在监狱里玩笑 , 然后我拿着冷水 , 无论是雪还是雪 。
richclient documents can be saved to a persistent medium as new documents or as part of the data from which they originated .	丰富的文档可以被保存到持久的媒介中 , 作为新的文档或作为他们原始的数据的一部分 。
the chemical deburring solution features good stability , long service life and lower roughness of the treated steel surface .	化学负债解决方案具有良好的稳定性、长寿寿命和低粗糙性 。
he is supported by 4 junior ministers with specific responsibilites , who are also elected politicians .	他是由4名专门负责人支持的高级部长 , 他们也选举了政治家 。
housing activists and scholars said this electionyear bill will ease , but not end , the housing crisis .	住房活动家和学者说 , 选举年期的账单会轻松 , 但不会结束 , 房地产危机 。
jillian's goal is to capture the best portrait she can within that timeframe and your job is to assist her in doing so .	吉利安的目标是捕捉最好的肖像 , 她可以在那个时间框架内捕获最好的肖像 , 你的工作是帮助她这样做 。
mr evans says that from now on immigration will play a bigger role in the “structure of australia’s workforce” .	埃文斯先生说 , 从现在移民将在 " 澳大利亚工作力 " 结构上扮演更大的作用 。
it is a very sobering responsibility to know that you are preparing for the future , china's next generation of leaders .	这是一个非常令人震惊的责任 , 知道你准备未来的 , 中国的下一代领导人 。
this loss embitters humans , and they have a warlike view of diplomacy — swing first , ask questions later .	这种损失的嵌入器人类 , 并且他们有一个警告的外交观 , 第一次 , 询问后来的问题 。
core plate strengthening soft soil base is with the characteristics of rapid speed , better effect and easy construction .	核心板加强软土基具有快速、效果好、易于施工的特点 。
for example , mindtree consulting was founded 1999 in anticipation of the very threats that have now materialised .	例如 , 心灵树咨询成立于1999年 , 期待现有物质化的非常威胁 。
it is 50 times bigger than the original one and covers 240 sqm the equivalent area of 22 london buses .	它比原始的一个更大50倍 , 包含22辆伦敦公共汽车等价区 。
but god not only forgives the past , he clothes you in righteousness as though you had never committed a sin .	但上帝不仅原谅过去 , 就像你从来没有犯罪的那样 , 他穿着你们的正义 。
watching people cling to6 each other , crying , and holding each other in that last embrace makes me appreciate what i have even more .	观看人们彼此关闭6个 , 哭泣 , 在那个最后一段时候 , 彼此相互抱怨 , 让我欣赏我更多的东西 。
delayed coke is a quite mature processing technic , and it is looked as an ordinary means of deepprocess .	延迟焦是一种非常成熟的工艺 , 看起来是一种普通的深度处理方法 。
at the peak of the housing boom in 2005 , sales of both existing and new homes were running at twice the 1976 rate .	在2005年房屋的高峰上 , 现有和新房屋的销售都在1976年的两倍运行 。
methods: 6 sb patients and 8 normal persons were monitored with polysomnography during the whole night .	方法:全晚监测6例sb患者和8例正常人 。
and her boys , were they getting on well at belvedere ? was that so ? father conmee was very glad indeed to hear that .	她的孩子们在贝尔维尔遇到了好吗 ? 那么 ? 父亲对此很高兴 。
nonmedical use of prescription drugs was also more common in the 5059 age group than in the 60andover age group .	非医用药在5059岁的年龄组中也比60岁的年龄组更常见 。
the distinguished chinese guests , it is certainly in the fundamental interest of our people to trade and be friend with chinese people .	中国人民的基本利益 , 与中国人民交易和朋友一起 。
we can also guess that such a toothbrush may hurt the man’s teeth as well as his mood , inconveniencing him greatly .	我们也可以猜 , 这样的牙刷可能会伤害这个人的牙齿 , 他的情绪 , 不便于他 。
but an overconfident lee thought that , having reinforced both flanks , meade would be weak in the center .	但是 , 一个过于信心的李思想 , 加强了两个银行 , 梅德在中心就会很弱 。
vanilla , being the most popular flavor , was in a separate case at the front of the store for quick pickup .	范尼拉是最流行的风味 , 在商店前面的一个单独的案件 。
women over thirty and/or women who are divorced have an almost leperlike status in chinese dating culture .	离婚的女性在中国大约文化几乎有一个像女性一样的地位 。
people familiar with these moors often miss their road on such evenings ; and i can tell you there is no chance of a change at present .	人们熟悉这些母亲常在这晚上错过路 ; 我可以告诉你现在没有改变机会 。
sexy tianjin is a new shellfish tv show about love , lust , youth culture and street life in china's city .	性天津是一个关于爱、幸运、青年文化和街道生活的新型壳鱼电视节目 。
and then i heard the news on tv screen , the death roll is now 21 , 000 and over 100 , 000 injured .	然后我听到电视屏幕上的新闻 , 死辊现在21 , 000多人受伤 。
experimental results showed that eg inserted into the cellar char with a " worm " like structure after it was expanded .	实验结果表明 , eg插入细胞查询 , 随着它扩展后的 " 蠕虫 " 。
insincere answer could be more natural just as the versatile golf player waves his arms at pleasure .	自然答案可以更自然 , 因为高尔夫球员在高尔夫球员中挥舞他的武器 。
other kinds of corn have less water and do not pop . when you heat a seed of corn , the water inside makes the corn explode .	其他种玉米有较少的水 , 没有波普 。 当你热玉米的种子时 , 内部的水使玉米爆炸 。
chemical in red wine , fruits and vegetables stops cancer , heart disease , depending on the dose	红酒、水果和蔬菜停止癌症、心脏疾病 , 依赖剂量 。
i had never realized i could spend so much before i got going on this adventure , now i have to live on my credit card for a while .	我从来没有意识到我能花太多钱 , 现在我必须一段时间住在信用卡上 。
are the responsibilities of each committee clearly defined ? do these definitions meet the needs of the district ?	每个委员会负责明确定义吗 ? 这些定义符合区域的需求 ?
one application the researchers envision for the camera is flow cytometry , a technique used for blood analysis .	一个应用程序研究人员环境是流动细胞 , 一种用于血液分析的技术 。
he had promised , he said , to “maintain the confidence and preserve inviolate” the secrets of his client .	他承诺 , " 领域信心 , 保护自己的客户秘密 。
in the paper the structure of dnb was introduced , and the theory of negative high voltage power supply was stressed .	介绍了dnb的结构 , 强调了负高压供电理论 。
but how to standard conduct neuropsychological assess scale of pocd is no consensus currently .	但如何标准进行神经心理评价规模的标准是目前没有共识的 。
every time i ask her for advice , she is always ready to help , and explains to my full satisfaction .	每次我要求她建议 , 她总是准备好帮助 , 解释我的满意 。
this versatile dual scanner has two pairs of output lines which makes it suitable for a wide variety of uses .	这种多样的双扫描器具有两对输出线 , 使其适用于各种用途 。
if you treat bschool like an amazing educational experience , chances are you'll get a lot out of it .	如果你就像一个令人惊讶的教育经验一样 , 那么你就会得到很多机会 。
britain withdrew an invitation to the ambassador from syria over violence against protesters there .	英国在叙利亚暴力反对抗抗抗议者的叙利亚大使邀请 。
i retorted angrily: “their vocal cord sounds as if it was kissed by god , without any hurt . ”	我愤怒地回答道: " 听起来像神吻的那样 , 没有任何伤害 。 "
but subsequently they had quarrels and combats with the natives , of whom they killed a considerable number .	然而 , 随后他们与土地有相关的战争 , 其中他们杀死了一个相当的数字 。
the research study was thoroughly developed in the guiyang senior high school and obtained the remarkable result .	本研究在贵阳高中得到了显著的结果 。
he got petya transferred from obolensky's regiment to bezuhov's , which was in formation near moscow .	他从奥巴伦斯基的政权转移到贝佐霍夫 , 这是莫斯科附近形成的 。
strengthen intelligenceled operations , including the use of strategic undercover and covert operations .	加强智能操作 , 包括使用战略底部和覆盖操作 。
the second part is an introduction of the background of the english schoolbased curriculum development in our school .	第二部分是我校英语课程发展的背景 。
the dream is to be inmorpheuswhen , a few not by complete lowkey coriaceous cell group working place causes .	梦想是不变的 , 几个不完全低密钥的珊瑚细胞组工作的地方 。
the chinese premier also visited the luanda general hospital , a social welfare project funded by china .	中国总理还访问了罗南达通用医院 , 一个由中国资助的社会福利项目 。
another example is changing the location of a table space container , which can also be done using backup and restore .	另一个例子正在改变表空间容器的位置 , 它也可以使用备份和恢复来完成 。
he believed that , without causing damage to the mansion of business name brand , but will enhance their clout .	他相信 , 没有导致商业名牌管理的损害 , 但不会提高他们的衣服 。
mercator's world is a bimonthly magazine on the exploration , discovery , and mapping of earth and space .	梅卡特的世界是探索、发现和映射地球和空间的双月杂志 。
the euricase will run you $198 . 95 and transferring video and images is done by usb from your computer .	欧元将运行198.95美元和传输视频和图像 , 从您的计算机上完成 。
an investigation of foraminifera was conducted in the last glacial loess along the coast of the bohai sea .	波海海岸最后一个冰川损失的研究 。
tests are similar to recent actual gres in length , question types , and degree of difficulty .	测试类似于最近的长度、问题类型和难度 。
the paper compares the economical efficiency of the vrv heat pump air condition system to the traditional heating systems .	本文对传统热泵空调系统的经济效率进行了比较 。
the film is an american version of a two thousand eight french thriller called " pour elle . "	这部电影是一名叫 " 波尔 " 的美国版本 。
20 the lampstands of pure gold with their lamps , to burn in front of the inner sanctuary as prescribed ;	用灯具的灯光 , 烧在内部卫生室前面 ;
there were many taoist sects in the t'ang dynasty , in which , the shangqing sect had the most important influence .	唐朝有许多道教派 , 其中 , 上清区具有最重要的影响 。
the development of commodity economy has given birth to the popular of christmas and other foreignfestival .	商品经济的发展给出了圣诞节和其他外国节的流行 。
xu song in " a little knowledge of xinjiang " in the show every side of the ideological governance .	徐宋在 " 新疆 " 的一个小知识 , 展示了每一个思想治理的一面 。
the date of the first soaking rain in spring sowing period of liaoning province is of obvious inter decadal characteristics .	辽宁省春季排水期的第一次抽水雨日期是十年间的特点 。
all ssaa inc . instructors have attained the certificate 4 in workplace training and assessment .	所有sac.指令员都在工作场所培训和评估中获得了证书4 。
" we could have given this money to the people in the camps in darfur , to the vaccine for aids , " ibrahim said .	伊布拉希姆说: " 我们可以把这笔钱送到达尔福尔的营地 , 到达尔夫尔的疫苗 。 "
see , us thumbslummers and boxjumpers , we get a little puckish when it comes to cars , you know ?	看 , 我们拇指和拳击手 , 当车来时我们得到了一点困难 , 你知道吗 ?
who can know that your eyelids have not been touched with lampblack ? for your eyes are darker than rainclouds .	谁知道你的眼睛没有触摸到灯光黑色吗 ? 因为你的眼睛比雨云深 。
and in the middle , you have a large number of " maybes " who seem like they might just be able to contribute something .	在中间 , 你有很多 " 也许 " 的 " 或许 " , 看起来像他们可能只能贡献一些东西 。
is a change in the database manager or database configuration the reason for a bottleneck , such as a sort overflow ?	数据库管理器或数据库配置理由的变化 , 比如一个瓶颈 , 比如排序过流 ?
objective: to investigate the risk of cerebral infarction of patients with type 2 diabetes and control methods .	目的:探讨2型糖尿病患者脑梗死的风险及控制方法 。
as soups in this cookbook are mildly nutritious , they are , therefore , suitable to be consumed all the year round .	因此 , 随着这本烹饪书里的汤子很温和 , 它们是营养的 , 因此 , 适合每年的消费 。
resultsthe gestational age at delivery and birthweight were significantly smaller in severe group than that in mild one .	结果严重组血糖分娩年龄与出生体重显著小于严重组 。
president bush has chosen a cubanborn business executive to be his new secretary of commerce .	布什总统选择了一名出生商务部长 , 作为他的新秘书 。
although it's bad that i couldn't have rice as my lunch , i could still get by with those noodles and dumplings .	虽然我不能吃饭 , 但我仍然可以通过这些面条和饺子来获得米饭 。
last july , bpp was given degreeawarding powers , which meant it was allowed to call itself a university college .	去年7月 , bpp被授予学位的权力 , 这意味着它被允许叫做大学 。
i published my first chinese article in 1979 , but writing in earnest did not begin until the fall of 1983 .	我在1979年出版了我第一篇中国文章 , 但在1983年秋至今没有开始 。
when you can take a step back and begin to understand why things are happening , you can look for the positive aftermath .	当你可以采取一个步骤 , 开始了解为什么发生的原因 , 你可以寻找积极的后math 。
this means you have to fight if you want to stay skilled , and gives less incentive to rest while your fiefs give income .	这意味着你想要保持技能 , 而且在你的财务给予收入时 , 就会减少激励 。
rose of silver up the home , but in order to travel , therefore with guodong no instant returned to jiaming ;	为了旅行 , 广东没有瞬间回到嘉明 ;
new standards in various industries , including healthcare , have prompted development of xmlenabled applications .	各种行业的新标准 , 包括健康保健 , 促进了xmlenabled应用的发展 。
if you've made a serious mistake , if you've hurted others or yourself , it's of no use to feel guilty .	如果你犯了严重错误 , 如果你伤害别人或者自己 , 那么你就不用感觉罪 。
a host or service is determined to have stopped flapping when its percent state goes below a low flapping threshold .	一个主机或服务决定停止在低压阈值下的时候 。
the variable coefficients , the solution itself and its normal flux may be discontinuous across the interface .	变量系数 , 解决方案本身和其正常流量可能不断的跨接口 。
aim to investigate the in vitro and in vivo stability of 9nitrocamptothecin lactone form in rat plasma .	目的探讨大鼠血浆9硝基霉素lactone的体外稳定性 。
it should send parents — and pediatricians , educators and psychologists — looking for ways to help .	它应该发送父母和儿科学家、教育家和心理学家寻找帮助的方法 。
at the first outset , heavy , miry ground and a matted , marish vegetation , greatly delayed our progress ;	在第一次出口 , 重 , 陆地和一匹马 , 海洋蔬菜 , 大大延迟我们的进展 ;
dado: in classical architecture , the plain portion of the pedestal of a column , between the base and the cornice .	爸爸:在古典建筑中 , 一个柱子的平原部分 , 基座和玉米之间 。
shahin was a mechanic , this was his workshop , and there was a tattered mattress inside a tiny room at the back .	沙林是一个机械 , 这是他的工作坊 , 在后面有一个小房间里面有一个小型的事情 。
chang an received the news , not only did not escape , but wearing a suit , ready to rescue their parents .	长安接到了新闻 , 不仅没有逃避 , 而且穿着衣服 , 准备救他们的父母 。
he captures the shantytowns where a billion people live now , and where three billion are expected to be living by 2050 .	他在那里捕捉了数十亿人现在生活的沙特镇 , 在那里 , 三十亿人预计居住在2050年 。
some counties in midwest america have declared a state of emergency due to rainstorms and tornadoes .	由于雨灾和火灾 , 西美中西部一些国家宣布了紧急状态 。
gossip: spotted nate archibald learning you don't know a good thing till it's gone and found someone else .	戈西:你不知道一件好事 , 直到去找别人 。
conclusion lidocaine combined with dexamethasone could prevent the phlebitis caused by doctaxol .	结论利多卡因结合德克萨姆沙酮可以防止由多克萨克醇引起的phlebiti 。
two people wake up , suddenly see jun with spring flowers and adopted by who came and said to search for bingyin .	两个人醒来 , 突然看到了春花的君子 , 采取了谁来找bingyin 。
she muttered nonsense , silent moon shed a soft light , projected on the ground out of a circle .	她突然变了不滑的月亮 , 沉默的月亮闪烁着一个柔软的光 , 投影在地面上 。
leaders , distinguished guests , ladies and gentlemen , all the employees of jinghua , good afternoon !	领导人 , 区分客人 , 女士和绅士 , 所有员工 , 下午好 !
the typical lijiang spruce forest is hardly to see in the lashihai region because of the human's impact on it .	由于人类对其影响 , 由于人类对拉希海地区的影响 , 典型的辽江空间森林几乎没有看到 。
in fact , burros in the wild are related to pack animals that ran away or were freed by gold miners and others .	事实上 , 野生的燃烧与包动物有关 , 或是由黄金矿工和其他矿工免费 。
archeologists surmise that the gardens were laid out atop a vaulted building , with provisions for raising water .	考古学家们猜测花园被放在一个豪华的建筑上 , 为提高水的规定 。
will the arctic be a 21st century sarajevo , triggering a major war over energy resources ?	北极将是一个21世纪的萨拉杰夫 , 触发一个主要战争的能源资源 ?
yueyue’s unexpected death has revived a fierce international debate over good samaritan laws .	yyyyyue的未期待死亡已经通过良好的萨马利亚法 , 引起了一场激烈的国际辩论 。
the principle , manufacture and application of periodically poled lithium niobate are introduced in detail .	详细介绍了周期极锂酸锂的原理、制造及应用 。
overcome by grief and dementia , leoric had many of the townsfolk executed for the crime of high treason .	克服悲剧和悲剧 , 听证有许多城镇民间对高原因犯罪的行为 。
result the membrane filtration avoided interference of media by using isopropyl myristate as solvent .	结果采用异丙丙酯作为溶剂 , 避免了介质的膜滤波干扰 。
in1893 , at the age of 27 , he reports on an illumination method he has devised for photomicrography .	在1893年 , 他在27岁的时候报道了一个照明方法 。
thereby the significance of these poems to her was made very clear , and readers may benefit from her experiences .	因此 , 这些诗的意义很清楚 , 读者可以从她的经历中获益 。
the making home affordable program aims to prevent up to 4 , 000 , 000foreclosureforeclosures .	制定家庭可靠的程序目的是防止4 , 000万美元的失败 。
in fact , gaseous velocity and pressure in a cross section change in radial and circumferential direction .	事实上 , 在辐射和循环方向下 , 跨截面的气速和压力变化 。
therefore , if you spend 2 hours in classroom training and evaluation , each student would earn 0 . 2 ceu .	因此 , 如果你在教室培训和评估中花了2小时 , 每个学生都会赚0.2英元 。
accurate dft studies of the static dipole polarizabilities of anthracene and phenanthrene were reported .	报道了anthrane静极性和苯乙烯的研究 。
next he put eggs in a pan of water on the stove . eggsalad sandwiches were bear's favorite .	接下来 , 他把蛋放在炉子上 。 蛋沙拉三明治是熊最喜欢的 。
the results show that the large margin is obtained in guangdong nuclear power plant with 18months fuel cycle .	结果表明 , 广东核电厂大边缘为18个月燃料周期 。
in laboratory tests , they found that a lectin called banlec was as potent as two current hiv drugs .	在实验室测试中 , 他们发现一个叫做banlec的柠檬素作为两种艾滋病毒 。
the 400 im not only requires strength and speed in all four strokes , but also tremendous endurance .	400个im不仅需要强度和速度 , 而且在所有四个条件下 , 还需要巨大的耐力 。
" when the exslave has fixed his thumbprint to this public document , " pandit says , " they can't go back .	潘德特说: " 当解释者把他的拇指固定到这个公共文件中 , 就不能回来 。 "
everybody can see that he is a class player . he is so different . i cannot find any other striker that looks like him or plays like him .	每个人都可以看到他是个班球员 , 他很不同 。 我不能找到其他球员 , 看起来像他一样玩 。
the researchers said their findings could also apply to those who claim they rely on a morning cup of tea to get their brains going。	研究人员说 , 他们的发现也可以适用于那些声称他们依赖一早上喝茶的人 , 以获得他们的大脑 。
" look no one's going to come and give you food or water , " said the man . " god will provide for me , " was the only answer .	上帝为我提供的唯一回答说: " 看不到你来给你们吃饭或水 。 "
overeating won't increase your depression , but gaining weight will . you need to fit into your job interview suit .	过度不会增加抑郁 , 但增加重量 , 你需要适合您的工作采访 。
after the iss got the internet , he started posting twitpics from space , earning a loyal following .	在网络结束后 , 他开始从空间发布twitpics , 然后获得忠诚的追踪 。
ah mui also said , on the other day she just wanted to say what she thinks about the whole thing , without any intention to fight .	另一天她只想说她对整个事情的想法 , 没有任何意思战斗 。
materials and methods: the model of transplanted tumor was made by vaccination of hepatoma h22 in the right axilla .	材料和方法:采用正确的axilla法制备移植肿瘤模型 。
at least i got the senate to pass it late , so i could veto it after they went home and they couldn’t override it .	至少我得到参议院晚些时候 , 所以在他们回家之后 , 我就可以把它放在这里 , 他们不能忽视它 。
in this paper , we determined and compared the strength limits of mandible , ilium , skull and rib .	本文决定和比较了人类、ilium、skull和rib强度限制 。
koth's species has been established as a zabrak , making him of the same alien species as the deadly darth maul .	科斯的物种被建立为一个扎伯拉克 , 使他成为同样的生物种 , 使他成为死亡的黑色马尔 。
with the extensive use of the hv ic , the design of hlv compatible integrated circuits have become more and more important .	随着hvic的广泛应用 , hlv兼容电路的设计越来越重要 。
dam type power device: to be mainly fixed on the shore for providing electric power to factories , houses and others on shore .	大坝型电力设备:主要固定在海岸上 , 以供电厂、房屋和其他海岸供电 。
the 21yearold denmark international is widely regarded as one of the brightest defensive prospects in europe .	21岁的丹麦国际广泛被视为欧洲最亮的防御前景之一 。
the women , who were a median age of 35 years old at diagnosis , were observed for 17 , 408 personyears .	在诊断中年35岁的女性被观察到17 , 408岁的男性 。
the midfielder's departure from bayern munich has already been confirmed and he will be leaving on a bosman transfer .	拜仁慕尼黑的中场离开已经确认了 , 他将会在老板转会上留下 。
fascinating creatures , phoenixes . they can carry immensely heavy loads . their tears have healing powers .	刺激生物 , 凤凰 。 他们可以立即携带重量 , 泪水有健康的力量 。
in such a case , the organization could use a simple progress checklist to exercise control over the mechanisms and initiatives .	在这样一个情况下 , 组织可以使用一个简单的进展检查列表来操作机制和倡议 。
handcrafted in england of wood and fiberglass , the oval shaped interior measures just over 6 ft . in diameter .	在英格兰的木材和纤维玻璃手工 , 卵巢形成的内部措施只有6英尺 。
knowledge capital is the generic name of all invisible capitals in hospital at era of knowledgedriven economy .	知识资本是医院知识驱动经济时代所有可见资本的通名 。
the royal melbourne philharmonic has many reasons to celebrate . and it shared the celebration with the audience .	皇家墨尔本哲学有很多理由庆祝 , 并与观众共享庆祝庆祝庆祝 。
in the uae , shah rukh has endorsed du , the country's second telecom operator other than etisalat .	在美国 , 沙鲁克已经忍受了杜鲁克 , 其他国家的第二部电信运营商比埃萨拉特 。
the forwardosmosis membranes only release fresh water into the ocean , and don't permit salty water to contaminate the bags .	前移膜只释放新鲜水 , 不允许盐水污染袋 。
we would have welcomed more help from our city council – that never ­happened , which is why we pursued kirkby .	我们欢迎来自我们的城市委员会的帮助 , 这永远不会发生 , 这就是我们追求kirkby的原因 。
say you've got a limited wage budget and a maximum of 5k a week , yet the player you want is demanding 7k .	说你有限的工资预算和一个星期最大5k , 但你想要的玩家7k 。
bloodsurge: now has a chance to trigger from any hit with heroic strike , bloodthirst , or whirlwind .	血液外伤:现在有机会来自任何英雄袭击、血液三分之一或威尔文德 。
an efficient numerical method is proposed for calculation of the first crossing reliability of non stationary process linear combination .	针对非静态过程线性结合的第一交叉可靠性 , 提出了一种有效的数值方法 。
as regard to marketing channels , the project shall adopt the authorized sales agent model to improve efficiency .	由于市场营销渠道 , 项目应采取授权销售代理模型 , 以提高效率 。
some farmers fear , however , that crosspollination could create lowerquality hybrid plants and lead to economic losses .	然而 , 一些农民恐惧 , 跨环境可以制造低质量混合厂 , 导致经济损失 。
the researchers learned that feathers of different shapes and sizes resulted in different frequencies with different harmonic structures .	研究人员了解不同形状和尺寸不同频率的羽毛 。
objective to study the effect of retrograde intramedullary nail for the supracondylar and intercondylar fracture of the distal femur .	目的探讨逆向内钉对离散胎的超线体和间体骨折的影响 。
the tool is fitted with a progressive throttle action , which allows a low speed with a small throttle opening .	该工具适合一个进展性的螺旋动作 , 使得一个低速的螺旋开关 。
the pid control adopted the location algorithm , and restricted the extent of control quantity and integral increase quantity .	采用位置算法 , 限制了控制量和集成量的程度 。
pseudophase liquid chromatographyfor the separation of ionizable and strong polar organic compounds was developed .	研制了可离子和强极有机化合物的伪相色谱法 。
mercure suzhou park hotel & suites is the ideal choice for your meeting or social occasion in suzhou .	苏州公园酒店和套件是苏州会议或社会场所的理想选择 。
the anatomic characteristics of the anterior communicating arterial fenestration were observed under the operating microscope .	运行显微镜观察了前通信动脉免疫的解剖特征 。
scissor cuts a flower to want to use sharp knife , need not shears , with early morning or dusk advisable .	扫描器切割花 , 想使用尖锐的刀 , 不需要剪切 , 早晨或杜克可建议 。
in procedure aspect , argumentation from coherence needs an equal debate and dialogue among judge , party and other attendee .	在程序方面 , 法官、党和其他参与的争论需要平等的辩论和对话 。
forget about spending christmas eve watching a movie alone or the holiday vacation reading a 1200page book .	忘记独自看电影或假期阅读一本1200页的书 。
terry lundgren is chief executive of macy's , the company that owns macy's and bloomingdales department store .	terrylundgren是macy的首席执行官 , 拥有macy和bloomingdales部门的公司 。
very possibly , whatever surprises you will occur in a group situation like a class , conference , convention or meeting .	很可能 , 无论你将发生在一个类、会议、会议或会议中 , 都会出现什么令人惊讶 。
we generally trust our capacity to manage ourselves , but we do not trust the capacity of others to manage themselves .	我们通常信任自己的能力 , 但我们不信任别人管理自己的能力 。
vietnamese deputy foreign minister pham binh minh calls the talks , which ended monday , productive .	越南外交部长phinhminh称 , 周一结束 , 生产力 。
invoke loud you heart trouble ... follow the rhythm ... zedoary their hair together nerve ... !	呼唤大声你心中麻烦...随着节奏...我们把头发一起放在一起 !
the key points of the operation and the stripping methods and effects of the defective chromium deposit were introduced .	介绍了缺陷铬矿床运行的关键点及其影响 。
if modulus matches the sign of the denominator , then the result of division truncates toward minus infinity .	如果模块匹配定义符号 , 那么分割的结果就会向无限性 。
objective to study the effect of nasolacrimal duct reconstruction for refractory congenital dacryocystitis with ktp laser .	目的探讨鼻咽管重建对ktp激光耐药性先天性胆囊炎的影响 。
you have a single messaging engine that gets created automatically when you add the cluster as a member of the si bus .	当您添加si总线的集群成员时 , 您可以自动创建一个消息引擎 。
a flat surface will block the wind flow and also create a dead water region to trap the bug before it is squashed .	平面将阻挡风流 , 同时也会创造一个死水区 , 在它正方形之前 , 陷入该区 。
the report finds the united states continued to be the main country of destination for asylum seekers of all nationalities in 2008 .	报告发现 , 美国继续成为2008年亚洲各国各地寻求亚洲国家的主要国家 。
any number of response text documents can have their rich or plain text body field appended to an email message .	任何许多响应文本文档都可以有它们的丰富或平原文本字段附加到电子邮件消息 。
murrieta boasts an educated , highincome population comparable to communities in san diego and orange counties .	穆里特里亚拥有教育、高收入的人口比圣迪戈和橘子县的社区 。
the panel is a nonvoting one , but even fda advisory panels which don't vote are still reviewed by the agency .	通道是一个非投票 , 但甚至fda建议面板 , 不投票仍然被机构审查 。
under the market condition that has formed 10 years afore and experience , can more companies are joined , will build an industry chain .	在已形成10年的市场条件下 , 可以加入更多的公司 , 将建立一个行业链 。
" you need a cut to force the institution to make changes to the system , " says berkson , who coordinated the budget deliberations .	伯克逊说: " 你需要一个削减机构来使制度变化为系统 。 "
journalists learned that the previous inspection , guicheng has ordered two " five noes " in the construction of the plant work .	记者学习以前的检查 , 贵正已订单了两条 " 五条 " 在植物作品建设中 。
he's the author of perfumes: the guide , and the subject of chandler burr's 2003 book the emperor of scent .	他是香水的作者:指南 , 查德勒·伯尔2003年书的皇帝 。
aibullet television ltd is a integrated video production , market research , planning , design and delivery of integrated services company .	aibullet电视有限公司是一家集成的视频生产、市场研究、规划、设计和交付集成服务公司 。
to provide customers with high quality fashion products , and do a good job for every one thing ' is used to one style of qadir .	为客户提供高质量时尚产品 , 为每一件事做好一份好工作 " 。
because of the common offset working mode of gpr , there are large amount of horizontal coherent noise in the gpr record .	由于gpr的常见离散工作方式 , 在gpr记录中有大量的水平相干噪声 。
what does the new science tell us about how corina's 28yearold brain produced corina's 28yearold mind ?	新科学告诉我们 , 科林纳的28岁大脑是怎样产生的 ?
we went to the seaside , the same blue sea and sky , on the beach sundrenched , is piece very enjoy it .	我们走到海边 , 同样的蓝海和天空 , 在海滩上 , 很享受它 。
sagittarians are positive people ; they have a bright outlook on life , are enterprising , full of energy and vitality .	牺牲者是积极的人 ; 他们有一个明亮的生命 , 是企业、充满能源和活力 。
in general , wastes do not have or exhibit an intrinsic hazard of infectiousness , except in very specific cases .	一般来说 , 废物没有或展示感染的内在危险 , 除了非常具体的病例外 。
but nothing of the kind happens . instead , the arpeggios evolve through a succession of gently unexpected harmonies .	不过 , 没有什么事情 。 相反 , 阿佩吉奥斯通过一个轻松的和谐演变 。
objective:to study the content of tyrosinase in the blood and hemorrheology in vitiligo animal pathological pattern .	目的:探讨酪氨酶在抗体动物病理模式中的血液和血液学含量 。
all jcss gases are assigned their values using gravimetric standard gases analyzed by the government agency .	政府机构分析的重力标准气体分配了所有jcs气体 。
this step , however , is the one that has caused the most intense frustration in prebiotic chemistry research for the past several decades .	然而 , 这种步骤是过去几十年前生物化学研究中最强烈的破坏 。
each contestant was given a towel to sit on and to cover themselves when naked , but only after they had stripped completely .	每个参赛者都坐在塔上 , 然而只有在他们完全剥夺之后才能掩盖自己 。
it provides a single and complete view of customers , partners , products , and business through data warehouses or federation .	它通过数据仓库或联盟提供一个单一和完成的客户、合作伙伴、产品和业务 。
a company may sometimes resort to selling at a loss in order to force its rivals into bankruptcy , and then dominate the market .	一家公司可能会有时预计销售亏损 , 以迫使它的竞争对手变成破产 , 然后主导市场 。
normally when using git , you can assume that your repository is a little bit behind what is located on kernel . org .	通常在使用git时 , 您可以假设您的存储库是一个小点的位置在内核上 。
now our electricity , phone , insurance and cable bills are automatically withdrawn from our account each month .	现在我们的电力、电话、保险和电缆账户每月都自动撤销 。
thus he tried to alter and abolish the unequal treaties , limited and cancelled western powers' privilege in china ;	因此 , 他试图改变和废除中国不平等的条约 , 限制和取消西方权力的特权 ;
if i focus the rays of sun with a burning glass , even in the coldest days of winter , i can kindle a fire with ease .	如果我把太阳光放在一个燃烧的玻璃上 , 即使在冬天最冷的日子里 , 我就可以轻松的火焰 。
the government should take appropriate policies to assure these western enterprises' leading status in the technological innovation .	政府应当采取适当的政策来确保这些西方企业的领先状况 。
therefore , if god sees us through the eyes of his beloved son , then we ought to start seeing ourselves through jesus as well .	因此 , 如果上帝看见我们 , 他的儿子的眼睛 , 那么我们也应该从耶稣中看到自己 。
but to a broadminded one , difference means richness in colors and postures and diversity embodies unity and harmony .	但对于一个广泛的主导性 , 不同的意味着颜色和姿势和多样性体现团结和谐 。
creative industries and nonwoven bag close economic ties , its nonwoven bag huge impetus to the development of industry .	创造性产业和非织袋密切经济关系 , 它的非织袋巨大冲击产业发展 。
this paper generalizes the characteristics of studies of lu xu in china this year and reveals the treads of future studies .	本文总结了我国鲁徐的研究特点 , 揭示了未来研究的趋势 。
the first rule of camping is to keep a clean camp site . you can't leave anything which bears might think is food .	营地的第一条规则是保持一个清洁营地点 , 你不能留下任何东西 , 可能认为是食物 。
it makes it possible to reach oil deposits that can't be reached vertically like those under a town or a lake .	它使得在一个镇下或湖下的石油沉积物可能达到不到垂直的 。
it's the first time to report that network externalities is one of the import influence factor to imcl , and it's proved .	第一次报道网络外部性是imcl的重要影响因素之一 , 并证明了网络外部性 。
security was tight because of a new terrorist threat . streets were closed . police lined the sidewalks .	安全由于一个新的恐怖主义威胁 , 街道被关闭 , 警察走路 。
'i think it's great to see a dynamic woman in politics , ' said ryoko okamoto , 34 , an interpreter .	" 我认为 , 在政治上看到一个动态女性 , " 34岁的riokookokamoto说 。
air france industries will begin installing the enhancements at its le bourget airport facility near paris in 2012 .	法国航空工业将于2012年在巴黎附近的莱尔堡机场设施安装提高 。
the public media places " benshan culture " into a new circumstance , and provides the opportunity for its further development .	公共媒体将 " 本山文化 " 成为一个新的环境 , 为其进一步发展提供了机会 。
because high us interest rates tend to cause the dollar to appreciate , they are likely to make an already large trade deficit larger .	因为美国利率往往会引起美元的欣赏 , 他们可能会使得贸易赤字更大 。
the type of conduction had been widely used in electronic tubes of radio , television and many other modern devices .	电子管、电视等现代装置广泛应用于广泛的电子管 。
in the serene riverside town , the pace of life is entirely subject to the gentle flow of the tinkling streams .	在海宁河镇 , 生活的过程完全受到潮流的温柔流动 。
in june , a group of suicide bombers and gunmen launched a deadly attack on the luxury intercontinental hotel .	6月 , 一群自杀炸弹和枪手在奢侈大陆酒店上发射了死亡的袭击 。
if the object were indeed a flying saucer , recovering it could potentially be worth millions or billions of dollars .	如果对象确实是飞行酱 , 恢复它可能是值得亿美元或数十亿美元的 。
dna mobility is related to its charge and the average size of the fragment as it twists and tumbles through the gel .	dna移动性与其电荷和通常尺寸相关 , 因为它的扭转和弯曲通过凝胶 。
the contents of cichoric acid in introducing plant of echinacea purpurea in china were assayed by hplc .	采用hplc法对我国黄茶纯纯植物中磷酸含量进行了分析 。
mr . thomas is making a long distance call . please wait for a few minutes . would you like some coffee or tea ?	托马斯先生正在打电话 , 请等几分钟 , 你喜欢一些咖啡或茶吗 ?
the two to three founders saying that each of them owns x amount of newco and assigning all of their ip related to this venture to newco .	两位创始人说 , 每个人都拥有x量的新co , 并将它们的ip分配到新科 。
by appreciating and analyzing some compositions , we can rationally ponder upon chinese modern oil painting’s present situation .	通过欣赏和分析一些成分 , 我们可以合理地对中国现代油画的现状进行分析 。
when general leclerc called them traitors and said: " how could you , the french , wear someone else's uniform ? "	一般讲座叫他们的追踪者 , 说: " 你怎么办 , 法国 , 穿着别人的统一吗 ? "
research on the effect of laser igniting characteristics caused by doping graphite into b/kno3 with photoacoustic detection method .	采用光学检测方法 , 研究激光标记特性对b/kno3引起的影响 。
the contribution of platelets to hyperacute rejection of both allografts and xenografts is well recognized .	认识到板的高精度拒绝和xengraft的贡献很好 。
in hong kong , it has only been recorded in sunset peak ; the locality is within country parks under protection .	在香港 , 它只记录在日落高峰 ; 当地性是在保护下的国家公园 。
children's songs play an important part in children's education not to be replaced by other forms of poetry .	孩子的歌曲在孩子的教育中起着重要作用 , 不要替代其他形式的诗歌 。
what a vivid picture! just as the picture depicts, there are so many things or desires that the man has to bear or to seek .	影片 ! 就像图片描述一样 , 有很多事情或想要的人必须承担或寻找 。
the report also predicts that continuing instability in the middle east will probably keep pushing prices up into the spring .	报告还预测 , 中国中东继续不稳定性的报告可能会继续推动弹簧价格 。
another factor intel mentioned: companies building out on the backend to take advantage of socalled cloud computing .	另一个因素intel提到:公司在后端建立的公司 , 以便采取所谓云计算的优势 。
based on the analysis of the development trend of transportation statistics , this paper puts forward " transportation accounts " concept .	根据交通统计的发展趋势 , 提出 " 交通账户 " 概念 。
not only students but also teachers were inspired by the news that wang leqing was admitted to qinghua university .	不仅是学生 , 而且还是老师受到了王丽青大学的新闻激励 。
this financial support allows the society to continue to grow its standards programs and fund future initiatives .	这个金融支持允许社会继续增长其标准程序和未来的倡议 。
damage model was built based on the rules of projectile dispersion and the principle of armourpiercing mechanics .	建立了基于预测分散规则的损伤模型 , 建立了armourpiercing机械的原理 。
our " slot " system gives you several choices where to place decorative objects on surfaces , such as tables and dressers .	我们的 " 槽 " 系统给您几个选择 , 在表面上设置装饰对象 , 例如表面和服装 。
the cradle towers of zhengzhou will comprise of five mixeduse towers swooping out of a ringshaped podium .	郑州的十字塔将由五座混合用塔从环形体育馆中摆脱 。
you may recall that back in 2006 in the great hall of the people , the beijing summit of the forum on chinaafrica cooperation was held .	您可能回忆到2006年 , 北非合作论坛举行 。
perhaps most importantly , visiting judges have the opportunity to speak oneonone with u . s . judges .	也许最重要的是 , 访问法官有机会与美国法官说一个人 。
note the luteinized cells forming the inner cyst lining at the left with adjacent surrounding theca cells .	注意左侧形成内囊肿衬的润滑细胞与周围的细胞 。
blood viscosity , plasma viscosity , erythrocyte deformed index , fibrinogen and plt were decreased .	血粘度、血浆粘度、红细胞变形指数、纤维素和plt均降低 。
current coreos linux users can take advantage of a cloudnative platform to reach one of the world's largest markets .	目前的coreoslinux用户可以利用云平台来达到世界最大的市场之一 。
with the computer and the database technology applied in the clothing industry , clothing mtm developed rapidly .	随着计算机和数据库技术在服装行业中应用 , 服装mtm快速发展 。
the personal data collected will be treated as strictly confidential and will be used only for receipting and other communication with you .	收集的个人数据将被严格的信心处理 , 并且只用于接收和其他沟通 。
each of the pen heads is separately matched with one of two caps . the liquid tube is arranged in the penstock .	每个笔头都与两个帽子分别匹配 , 液体管在笔架上安装 。
from the above it has been proved that the lifetable method is practical and efficient in forecasting the supply of the mch manpower .	从上证明 , 可生命的方法是预测mch人力供应的实际和有效性 。
learn how to improvise when crocheting a scarf in this free crocheting lesson from an experienced crochet artist .	了解如何从经验丰富的艺术家到这个自由切割课程的时候 , 学习如何影响如何 。
walmart also announced the resignation of clara wong , its senior vice president for human resources in china .	沃尔玛还宣布 , 中国人力资源高级副总统克拉拉·汪辞职 。
due to its mild microclimate , graz is a city of lush parks with an almost mediterranean flair .	由于其温和的微气候 , 格雷兹是一个城市 , 几乎是中海的火焰 。
you sneeze because you've got all these germs inside you and your body wants to get the germs out , so you sneeze .	你喷嚏是因为你和你的身体都想要得到germs , 所以你就喷嚏了 。
this is useful for adding extra information to portions within the block that are of interest , especially if the maps are shared between developers .	这对于增加额外的信息来说是有用的 , 尤其是在开发人员之间共享的地图 。
those colors should be incorporated into your website in some way , even if it’s just in the header image or as accent colors .	在某种程度上 , 这些颜色应该集合到你的网站 , 即使它只是在头部图像或像奇异的颜色 。
another reality is that if the us is unable to expand its exports , pressure will grow to restrict its imports , instead .	另一个现实是 , 如果美国不能扩大出口 , 压力将会增加进口 , 相反 。
for maximum safety , do not touch the product , test cables , or any other instruments while power is applied to the circuit under test .	对于最大安全性而言 , 不要触摸产品、测试电缆或其他仪器在测试中应用到电路 。
much of buffett's wisdom stems from this one investment trait: when you don't know what to do , don't do anything .	许多buffet的智慧干扰了这个投资特性:当你不知道什么时候 , 不要做任何东西 。
i was also glad that roger and mother hadn’t let themselves get too hurt by whites bringing up roger’s drug problem .	我也很高兴 , 罗杰和母亲没有让自己受到白人带来的毒品问题太伤害 。
the trick is to constantly selfevaluate and selfimprove by not just improving their productivity but also improving their ways of working .	这种技巧不仅是不断自我评价和自我提高自己的生产力 , 而且也提高了自己的工作方式 。
we certainly welcome oem items to meet the needs of different customer , and we guarantee our quality and punctuality .	我们肯定欢迎各客户的需求 , 保证我们的质量和惩罚 。
" tony is cheerful and friendly , " one report stated . " his detention in hospital is preventing deterioration of his condition . "	一份报告说: " 托尼是非常愉快和友好的 , " 一份报道说 , " 他在医院的拘留是防止他的状况 。 "
in 1954 , there were only a dozen armed robberies in london but , by the 1990s , there were more than a hundred times as many .	1954年 , 伦敦只有几十个武装机器 , 但到1990年代 , 有超过一百倍 。
" what they also did is showed me a picture of murmansk at the end of world war ii , and it was an aerial photograph , " he says .	他说: " 他们还在世界大战第二战结束的murmansk照片中显示了我 , 这是一幅航空照片 。 "
this did not occur in a control group of volunteers who were trained in the morning and retested in the evening , with no sleep in between .	这并没有发生在早上训练的志愿者 , 晚上没有睡觉 , 没有睡觉 。
exoffenders have gotten particular attention for their efforts to stop gang violence and work with troubled teenagers .	外国朋友们对他们的努力停止暴力 , 以及困难的青少年工作尤为注意 。
it is better to distribute obfuscated version of your web content and to keep your original source code for yourself .	更好地分布您的网页内容的阻碍版本 , 并保持您自己的原始源代码 。
the war in iraq , katrina , and the wall street collapse were the three nails in the coffin of the age of reagan .	在伊拉克、卡特里娜和华尔街崩溃的战争是雷根时代的三个钉子 。
that won an immediate laugh from the cast and crew on the first take , but enthusiasm waned after the first few hearings .	这赢得了第一次接下来的笑容 , 但在第一次听到之后 , 热情就开始跳舞 。
rediscovered from the bottom of that dirtladen heap , it was able to see the light , still in good state . it was such a relief !	从那个肮脏堆底部恢复出来 , 它能看到光 , 仍然处于良好的状态 , 这是这样的救援 !
my father is center my mother is left forward my sister is right forward my wife is right guard and my brother is left forward .	我的父亲是中心 , 我的母亲离开我的姐正向前 , 我的妻子是正确的守卫 , 我的兄弟正向前 。
it is nice to look back and see what we have done together , aware that we are part of a story that is without equal and is ongoing .	看我们共同做的事情 , 意识到我们是一个不平等的故事 , 正在不等的故事 。
angry with himself , obiwan piloted the speeder up the mountain toward dooku's villa at maximum speed .	随着自己的愤怒 , 奥巴旺飞上山 , 向多库的维拉 , 最大速度 。
we are testing the contents of physical performance can achieve national norms , all the indicators this was our request .	我们正在测试物理性能的内容可以实现国家规范 , 这是我们的请求 。
mebazaa has assembled an interim coalition government and claims that new elections will be held in the coming months .	mebaza已经组装了一个中间联盟政府 , 并声称新选举将在未来几个月举行 。
wartime commemorations come round so often that the 70th anniversary of the siege of leningrad may seem unremarkable .	战时纪念来回来 , 所以通常70周年的莱宁拉德可能看起来不明显 。
count it , if you had above three among those , so congratulations you , you have already become lechery woman of one row .	国家 , 如果你上面三个人 , 所以祝贺你 , 你已经成为一个行的lechery女人 。
biemang , dug a fire burned the hell you are in an unenviable position , digging as soon as possible to add water .	拜孟 , 火烧了你在一个不可避免的位置上 , 尽可能很快就可以添加水 。
rockfall , a tiny community 20 miles south of hartford , is part of the town of middlefield , conn .	位于哈特福德南部的一个小型社区 , 是康妮市中场的一部分 。
that will again be a friday but it will be at nine o'clock and he will be here so i think that will be a lot of fun also .	这将再次成为星期五 , 但这将是九点钟 , 他会在这里 , 所以我认为这将是很多乐趣 。
we're not sure of the unusual 'stone' finish in place of the usual wood grain , however this is purely subjective .	然而这是纯粹主观的 。
the retroactivity of construction of law refers to if the new construction of law can apply to the past event and behaviour .	法律建设的反思是指法律新建设可以适用于过去事件和行为 。
but if you slow down and think about your attention , you'll agree that answering email while browsing the web is impossible .	但是如果你慢下去思考你的注意力 , 你会同意在浏览网络时回答电子邮件 。
most of the protesters are said to be in the capital , mbabane , and are unable to get to manzini , a 45minute drive away .	大多数抗议者都说在首都mbane和mbane , 并且不能去曼子尼 , 45分钟的驾驶 。
evenings were spent at the theatre . this ballet told the story of the triumphant building of a hydroelectric dam .	晚上是在剧院花费的 , 这个球告诉了一个水电坝的胜大象建筑故事 。
i like to use this tactic in lowkey situations , like grocery stores , coffee shops , book stores , etc .	我喜欢使用这种战术 , 比如杂货店、咖啡店、书店等 。
following a small shan told reporters that he is on time every morning get up at 5 , the first thing is to help mothers understand toilet .	随着一个小山告诉记者 , 他每天早上5点就会上升 , 第一件事就是帮助母亲理解厕所 。
for decades , who has had a strong presence in endemic countries , working shouldertoshoulder with local health officials .	几十年来 , 在内部国家拥有强大的出现 , 与当地卫生官员工作肩膀 。
aduh: that movie cat in the hat even shows our legislators fighting on tv . sheesh ! what a loss of face .	阿杜:那部帽子里的电影甚至显示了我们的立法者在电视上战斗 。 谢什 ! 脸上有什么损失 。
there is a wide variation in the amount of these cnv deletions which people have in their genome , with some people having several million .	这些基因组中有很多不同的cnv删除量 , 有些人拥有数百万的基因组 。
“with a low cost of living and big texascharm , bachelors are sure to find love in this city ! ” rent . com says .	租金.com说: " 我是一个很低的生活费用和大型纺织品 , 巴基尔人肯定在这个城市找到爱 ! "
poweridea sparks believes openness is the single most important quality a resource integrator must have .	电力拓扑相信开放性是唯一的资源集成器必须拥有的重要质量 。
fungizone intravenous in powder form should be stored in the refrigerator , protected against exposure to light .	粉末形式中的真菌素静脉应储存在冰箱里 , 防止曝光 。
the semifloating layered burner is provided with a wind blowing coal device and a coal granule screening device .	采用风吹煤装置和煤颗粒筛选装置提供半漂浮层燃烧器 。
the fgets , fgetss , fread , fscanf , and fclose functions also return false on error .	fgets、fgets、fread、fscanf和flose函数也返回错误 。
the camera includes a stereoscopic imaging part , a stereoscopic vision information processing part and a motor drive part .	摄像机包括一个稳态成像部分 , 一个稳态视觉信息处理部分和动机驱动部分 。
metabolic flux analysis plays an important role in guiding the genetic manipulation in metabolic engineering .	代谢流量分析在指导代谢工程中的遗传操作中具有重要作用 。
the kinds of approximations needed to , for example , simulate a firestorm , were in the past computationally intractable .	例如 , 在过去计算中模拟了火灾恢复的类型 。
displays a list of all of the names of columns in this database that have unique singlecolumn indexes .	在这个数据库中显示一个列表 , 具有独特的单柱索引的列表 。
as we geophysicists all know , the definite difference method is a numerical method widely used in geophysics .	地球物理学家都知道 , 地球物理学是一种广泛应用的数值方法 。
new york new signs of surging corporate profits led to early gains in the stock market tuesday .	纽约市周二早期收益率导致股市上涨 。
to formulate work plans for dispatching representatives of state stock ownership to the state holding and jointstock corporations .	为了制定国有股权代表的工作计划 , 将工作计划转移到国有股权和联合股份公司 。
conclusion:il 4 of tibet pig was successfully cloned from the lymphocyte after stimulating 70 h with cona .	结论:经刺激70h的淋巴细胞成功克隆 。
the invention relates to a traction rectification reduction bed with a tiltable former section a tiltable latter section .	本发明涉及一种牵引修复床 , 带有可倾斜前段 。
other whole bovine skin leather , without hair on , of a unit surface area not exceeding 28 square feet	其他全波动皮革 , 没有头发 , 单位表面区不超过28平方英尺 。
memory is a runaway rivers , and we are waiting for the pewww . qq3721 . comople on both sides .	记忆是一个runaway河 , 我们正等着pewww.q3721.comople 。
many dance studios offer special firsttimer promotions that allow newbies to take classes for under $10 , sometimes for free .	许多舞蹈工作室提供特殊的第一次推广 , 允许新生在10美元下采取课程 , 有时候免费 。
objective to assess the sensory recovery in denervated wound surface covered with thick spilt skin graft .	目的评价厚纺织皮移植的神经损伤表面的感觉恢复 。
currently , the effective tax rate of mineral enterprises is lower 1526 percent than that of the nonmineral enterprises .	目前矿业有效税率低于非矿业企业的1526% 。
in most species of social insects , such as wasps , bees , and ants , the females rule . the females are the workers .	在大多数社会昆虫中 , 比如垃圾、蜜蜂和蚂蚁 , 雌性规则 。
the characteristics of the short circuited fault in low voltage system are studied by means of simulation and experiment .	采用仿真和实验研究了低压系统短路故障的特点 。
after inserting the contact into the table , the database returned the value of the id column of the row just inserted .	插入接触后 , 数据库返回了只插入的id列的id值 。
for example , french impressionism or german expressionism , each has its own unique creative ideas and techniques .	例如 , 法国印象主义或德国表达主义 , 每个人都有自己独特的创造思想和技术 。
it comes to a conclusion that the energy comsumption is decreased by applying mentioned methods in summer and winter .	结论夏季和冬季采用提及方法降低能量消耗 。
conclusion no resistance to brodifacoum was tested in r . flavipectus . brodifacoum can be used for rats control .	结论在rr.flavict中测定无阻抗性 , 可用于大鼠控制 。
the meng age lady starts apt query a key question , " that he does this a batch of maneuvers do many and greatly ? "	孟子年轻女士开始了一个关键问题 , " 他这么做了很多并且很大程度上 ? "
sam 'spike' witwicky: gentlemen... let me introduce you to my friend: optimus prime !	萨姆·威特维奇:绅士...让我向朋友介绍你 !
yuxian northerly location , the department of taihang mountain top , is a temperate continental climate .	元兴北部位于台山顶部 , 是一座温度大陆气候 。
only in exceptional circumstances dandy may allow client to revoke or amend the relevant instruction or order .	只有在例外的情况下 , 可以允许客户机重新启用或修改相关指令秩序 。
normal circumstances , and macular between the choroid , an extremely thin protection of the organization .	正常情况 , 和宏观之间 , 一个极薄的组织保护 。
have a professional designer of a variety of design styles for you to create , with years of experience in the construction team .	为您创建各种设计方式的专业设计师 , 经验丰富 。
but the real advantage to lambdas is when you create functions on the fly and no variable reference is required . for example	但是 , 当您在飞行上创建函数时 , 需要真正的优势 , 例如没有变量参考 。
to find the people , old friends and relatives free search tool people , including 411 white " pages . "	为了找到人们 , 老朋友和亲戚免费搜索工具人 , 包括41页 。
this design , a variant on the double armchair style and just as lightly padded , was shortlived in france .	这种设计 , 双臂风格的变化 , 就像法国轻松的样式一样 , 短暂在法国 。
if you benchpressed 100 pounds this week , for example , then next week you should try doing 105 pounds .	例如 , 下周你应该尝试105磅 。
well , the conception of the universe that was widespread among ancient peoples is one that you're probably familiar with .	嗯 , 古代人民广泛传播的宇宙概念是你可能熟悉的 。
the discoloring process in normal pectin production can be left out . the products possess high yield and qualified quality .	产品产量高、产量高、质量高 , 产量高 。
conclusion the key to improve the accuracy of atypical meningioma ct diagnosis is to locate the tumor .	结论提高原发性脑瘤ctct诊断精度的关键是定位肿瘤 。
the whole work will be completed within two years , drafts of almost all of the manuscripts being on hand and under revision now .	整个工作将在两年内完成 , 几乎所有的操作脚本都在手上和现在的修改下 。
the ekf algorithm is adopted to solve the nonlinear measurement function with radome slope interference .	采用ekf算法 , 求解无线性测量函数的非线性测量函数 。
in india , it is the corporations that are building giant coalbased power plants which are major climate polluters .	印度是建立大型煤炭基电厂 , 主要气候污染物的企业 。
if you have covered induction at all and looked at meller's approach to induction i mentioned it last time very briefly .	如果你覆盖了诱导 , 查看meller的方法 , 我最后一次提到了它 。
an old farmer planted the seeds he bought from the market , autumn came and no harvest , for the seeds are fake .	一个老农民种植了他从市场买的种子 , 秋来没有收获 , 因为种子是假的 。
the company’s overall gross profit margin grew to 36 . 3 percent , from 34 . 8 percent in the yearago quarter .	该公司总体收益率为36.3% , 年同期收益率为34.8% 。
of 186 liver transplant patients receiving sirolimus , 4 developed pneumonitis that was attributed to the drug ;	在186例肝移植患者中 , 4例发育的肺炎属于药物 ;
" being a parent means being mature enough to help a child adapt to disappointment , " achenbach says .	" 作为一个父母意味着成熟足以帮助孩子适应失望 , " achenbach说 。
the outbound event sends this metric value from the monitor model of the loan_completionone process to the highlevel monitor model .	外界事件从贷款完成one过程的监控模型发送这个met值 , 到高级监控模型 。
however , today than in the japanese rule of korea , its sinister means , what is more trivial difference .	然而 , 今天比日本朝鲜规则的日本规则 , 它的坚持者意味着 , 越来越多的三次差异 。
memorial ceremony of qin is quite different from that of zhou and lu in sacrificial time , place , offerings , etc .	秦的纪念仪式与周和卢在牺牲时期、地方、提供等不同 。
we are even informed that cigarette smoking may gravely jeopardize not only the smokers , but also the nonsmokers .	我们甚至发现烟雾不仅是吸烟者 , 而且还是吸烟者 。
objective: to summarize the clinical experience of professor shaonian fang in treating obstruction of qi in the chest .	目的:总结山安教授治疗胸部梗阻的临床经验 。
none of the surveyed materials were found to be suitable for use as impedance matched specular radar absorbers .	结果表明 , 无法适用于阻抗特殊雷达吸收器 。
electrophoretic coating process on the aluminium alloy support used for solar energy heat unit is introduced .	介绍了用于太阳能单元的铝合金支持的电泳涂料过程 。
of course , the sensory effects of coffee , and other warm beverages , like tea or cocoa , can lift your spirits .	当然 , 咖啡的感觉效果和其他温暖饮料 , 比如茶或可可口 , 可以提高你的精神 。
objective to investigate the clinical and electrocardiographic character of idiopathic and secondary abnormal j wave .	目的探讨idio病和二次异常j波的临床和心电学特点 。
abstract: to study germination characteristics of mirabilis jalapa and althaea rosea by soaking their dormant seeds .	摘要:研究米拉比利沙拉帕和沙拉西的萌发特征 。
introduced the scope of application and structures of multiblade vertical cutting machine and bead insulating line .	介绍了多叶垂直切割机的应用范围及其结构 。
the cylindrical container has a wide mouth opening for easy filling and convenient access to the contents .	圆柱容器具有广泛的口袋 , 容易填充和方便的访问内容 。
rapid climate changes at millennial and centennial scales are one of the most important aspects in paleoclimate study .	百年和百年级的气候变化是古气候研究中最重要的方面之一 。
it is a common problem that the range of applying lien and interrogation is excessive broad in public security organs .	在公安机关中 , 应用程序和识别范围是一种常见的问题 。
in 2009 china ended a quarantine blockade around a remote northwestern town hit by pneumonic plague .	2009年 , 中国结束了一座远北城市的四星块 。
to address this issue , we have carried out a series of studies of tissue reconstitution by single hscs .	为了解决这一问题 , 我们已经通过单一hsc进行一系列组织重构研究 。
objective to investigate the etiologic factors of chronic prostatitis following sexually transmitted urethritis .	目的探讨慢性前列腺炎的发病因素 。
as the eye health company , bausch &lomb dedicated to perfecting vision and enhancing life for consumers around the world .	随着眼睛健康公司 , 巴斯&lomb指出 , 为世界各地消费者提供完美的视觉和提高生活 。
help pharmaceutical enterprise customers solve problems , the pursuit of human health is our lofty ideal .	帮助药品企业客户解决问题 , 人类健康追求是我们的理想 。
then a new method of block generalization based on street skeletonline and building skeletonline is put forward .	然后提出了一种基于街骨架线和建筑骨架的新方法 。
at the other end of the spectrum is su ming , who comes from a family of farmers and studies at a university in beijing .	在北京一所大学农民和研究的另一端 , 是苏明 。
some big firms have begun employing westerners with long experience in the best american and european facilities .	一些大公司已经开始雇佣西方人 , 在最好的美国和欧洲设施长期经验 。
and we can see the truth of the world in our own experience to confirm for ourselves the truth which the buddha was teaching .	我们可以看到世界的真理 , 以确认佛教的真理 。
in order to realize the control arithmetic , this paper uses the plc , and designs the programs of both pid control and fuzzy control .	为实现控制算法 , 采用plc , 设计了pd控制和模糊控制程序 。
a few days’ break was declared for the religious holiday of eid aladha , beginning on november 17th .	17年1月17日 , 伊达哈的宗教节日宣布了几天 。
you can submit your own idea or comment on the list on our web site , theatlantic . com , or you can send us a letter .	你可以在我们的网站上提交自己的想法或评论 , 或者你可以发送一个信 。
as these individuals grow more comfortable around each other , you will see more head tilt and therefore more exposure of the neck .	随着这些个人彼此增加舒适 , 你会看到更多的头尖倾斜 , 因此更加暴露颈部 。
other fringe parties enjoyed a record surge in support as voters abandoned their traditional allegiances .	其他青年党享受了支持的记录 , 因为投票人抛弃了传统的诉讼 。
conclusion the hyperbaric therapy for complication of carbon monoxide poisoning is high cure rate and low deformity rate .	结论碳单氧化碳复杂的高基础疗法是高治愈率和低变形率 。
as a player , denver nuggets coach george karl napped , a ritual he passed on to his team .	作为一名球员 , 丹佛·nuggets教练乔治·卡尔被绑在一起 , 他曾经去过他的团队 。
while certain fish are loaded with omega3 and protein , they also contain some mercury , dioxins and pcbs .	虽然某些鱼被加载omega3和蛋白 , 但它们还包含一些汞、二氧化物和pcbs 。
there is no estimating the pride i took in this grandeur , or the affection that began to swell and grow in me for those people .	没有估计我在这个丑闻中采取的骄傲 , 或者对那些人来说 , 开始对我发誓和生长的影响 。
figure 1 shows an example of a checkstyle report generated with ant using the xslt task demonstrated in listing 1	图1显示了使用清单1中示的xslt任务生成的检查样式报告的示例 。
a community of central new jersey , a suburb of new brunswick . population , 21 , 731 .	新泽西州中部一家社区 , 新布鲁斯威克郊区 。 人口21 , 731 。
this method can overcome the limitation occurred by single evaluation method and meet the need of fine evaluation of acidizing effect .	该方法可以通过单一评价方法进行限制 , 满足精确评价效果的需求 。
the rising , warm air forms distinctive anvilshaped clouds , visible in both the satellite and model image .	在卫星和模型图像中 , 温暖空气形成明显的虚拟云 , 可见 。
a gadget differs from a bot in that it's a specialized miniapplication that helps you perform a focused task .	瓶子里有一个差异 , 它是一个特殊的小型复制 , 帮助您执行焦点任务 。
nearby muttrah has a charming mediterraneanstyle waterfront and a harbour now used mainly by cruise liners .	附近的muttrah拥有一个魅力的中海风格的水前面和哈尔伯尔现在主要使用 。
to support this , three options of command vmdeploymgr . sh are provided which is the main application of the vdm .	为了支持这三个命令vmde部署mgr.sh的选项 , 提供了vdm的主要应用 。
although most securities are markedtomarket , this new gaap still allows securities to be carried at historical cost .	尽管大多数证券都是标记的市场 , 但这项新的gap仍然允许证券在历史成本上进行 。
if we want to make national public servants' property transparent we ought to establish and consummate the system .	如果我们想让国家公务员的财产透明 , 我们应该建立和消费系统 。
with the development of internet , more and more people start to use bbs forum over internet as their tool obtaining messages and communions .	随着互联网的发展 , 越来越多的人开始使用bbs论坛作为他们的工具获得消息和沟通的工具 。
that woman's days were spent in ignorant good will , her nights in argument until her voice grew shrill .	那个女人的日子花了巨大的好意志 , 她的夜晚争论直到她的声音增长了虾 。
pedal down hill while you are at the front of a bunch . cyclists dislike having to ride constantly under brakes .	当你正处于一块块块前面的时候 , 周期上升不一样 , 只要在刹车上骑行 。
the bronx zoo is incredible , fantastic , very wellmaintained , sprawling zoo with so much to see and do .	布朗克斯动物园是不可思议的 , 幻想 , 非常好的 , 还有很多人看到和做的动物园 。
but why would one want to make crosstechnology mixed ui components anyway ? wayne explained some of the usecases	但是 , 为什么一个想让跨技术混合ui组件吗 ? 韦恩解释了一些使用casss的一些用途 。
under this background , based on jw1h hospital information system , we designed and developed military hospital library management system .	在此背景下 , 根据jw1h医院信息系统设计并开发军事医院图书馆管理系统 。
both fra and nfma strengthen the ability of developing countries to manage their forestry information base for their own benefit .	fra和nfma强化发展中国家的能力 , 以管理它们的森林信息基地 。
relatively smallscale chemical run off and contamination from us copper mines in colorado proved to be disastrous .	科罗拉多州铜矿的相对小规模化学运行和污染 , 证明了灾难 。
the patient and 41 other passengers on the flight am098 arrived in shanghai from mexico on thursday .	上海41名乘客到达墨西哥的乘客 。
the innermost zone effect must be taken into account if the required accuracy of tc is at a onemgal level .	如果需要的tc精度 , 必须采取最多的内部区域效应 。
a heavyduty , highbuild coal tar epoxy coating for the protection of steel and concrete in immersion service .	一种重型工艺 , 高建煤炭环氧涂料 , 用于混凝土保护和混凝土 。
" culpa in contrahendo " in civil law system started in the transition from freedom capitalism to monopoly capitalism .	民法制度从自由资本主义转变到垄断资本主义的过渡开始 。
any of these locations or styles worked fine users who needed to log in would find the way to do it without frustration or error .	任何这些位置或样式都需要登录的优质用户都可以找到不会破坏或错误的方法 。
the indexes have been examined , such as ratio of liver weight and body weight , tg , tc , hdlc and ldlc .	考察了肝重、体重、tg、hdlc、ldlc等指标 。
" this shows that our system integration and research and manufacturing capabilities have reached world standards , " said mr zhang .	" 这表明 , 我们的系统集成和研究和制造能力已达到世界标准 。 " 张先生说 。
4then jesus asked them , " which is lawful on the sabbath: to do good or to do evil , to save life or to kill ? "	耶稣问他们 , " 哪个法律依法在萨伯浴上:做好或做恶恶 , 拯救生命或杀死 ? "
the body of a 19yearold worker named ma xiangqian was found in front of his highrise dormitory at 4:30 a . m .	一个19岁的工人马湘建的身体被发现在他的高层医院前面 。
you may also recall that the media referred to this as a " nearsighted mr . magoo " and " trouble with hubble " .	你也可以回忆到 , 媒体称之为 " 近视马戈先生 " 和 " 哈勃 " 的麻烦 。
but after he enrolled in the university of edinburgh , he proved more interested in natural history than medicine .	但是 , 在爱丁堡大学毕业后 , 他对自然历史证明了更多的兴趣 。
q . my teenager is involved in so many activities: school , babysitting , church , sports .	我的青少年参与了这么多活动:学校、婴儿坐、教堂、体育活动 。
and it came down to what somebody else said here: that left the election on the other dimension , which might have been character or whatever .	这里有人说:这里的选举 , 另一个维度上左右选举 , 可能是字符或什么 。
the findings highlight the importance of refining our understanding of the relationship between weight , body fat and disease , says loos .	洛斯说 , 研究结果显示了我们对体重、脂肪和疾病之间的关系的重要性 。
friends lists: allow your users to maintain a list of their onsite friends , and see who others have added as friends .	朋友列表:允许您的用户保持他们的网站朋友列表 , 并且看看其他朋友添加了谁 。
politicians talk about wage equality , butmy father has made it a practice at his company throughout his entire career .	政治家谈论工资平等 , 但我父亲在整个职业生涯中做了一个实践 。
in the history , there were such cruel beauty fashions too , such as the chinese threeinch golden lotus and the western corset .	在历史上 , 中国三英寸的黄金莲和西部角落也有这样的古典时尚 。
earlier this month , apple granted both vodafone group and telecom italia the right to sell the iphone in italy .	本月早些时候 , 苹果在意大利销售iphone 。
'the concept is to stock your pantry with things you can't get or that you miss from home , ' mr . lord says .	耶和华先生说: " 概念是用你不能得到的东西来存储你的裤子 , 或者你错过家里 。 "
i agree with victor fleischer's basic premise that carried interest is a fee for managing other people's money .	我同意维克·弗莱斯切尔的基本前提 , 承担利益是管理其他人的钱的费用 。
from a great deal of fogging experiment , getting that the directflash technique can satisfy the experiment .	从大量的雾实验中 , 得到直接闪光技术能满足实验 。
there is 1500w separated wall type air condition set each in the two guest room , which can adjust the temperature .	两间客房有1500w分离的墙型空调 , 可以调整温度 。
an arresting image to draw the eye and cover lines that reward that curiosity by presenting an intriguing idea .	一个逮捕图片 , 通过给出一个令人惊讶的想法来绘制出奇怪的眼睛和覆盖线 。
my hands are small ; please don’t expect perfection whenever i make my bed , draw a picture or throw a ball .	我的手是小的 ; 请不期待我床的完美 , 画一张照片或扔球 。
over the last five years , the chronicle found , their median increase , adjusted for inflation , was 19 . 6 percent .	在过去五年里 , 慢性发现 , 他们的媒体增加 , 调整通货膨胀 , 达到19.6% 。
methods the telomerase activity of a 2780 cells was examined by modified trapelisa assay .	方法采用改良的trapeisa检测2780细胞的端粒酶活性 。
you don't need to make many choices , but if you are wondering what to do , consult the ocap ri project wiki page .	你不需要做许多选择 , 但如果你想要做什么 , 请咨询ocapri项目wki页 。
as a freshman , i won't let you down and i believe that i will do my best to cooperate with this team well very soon .	作为一名新鲜人 , 我不会让你下来 , 我相信我将尽快与这支球队合作 。
emily dickinson lived with her unmarried sister lavinia in an elegant house called the homestead .	艾米丽·迪金森住在一个名叫家乡的优雅房子里 , 她的姐拉文尼亚 。
then i stayed up the whole night , waving a hardboard to keep mosquitoes from approaching her just like a guard .	然后我住了整个晚上 , 醒来一台硬板 , 让蚊子从她身边看起来就像一个卫星 。
but when you start thinking about these issues in the context of what you're doing in the meditation , they make it even more stabilizing .	但是当你开始思考你在冥想中所做的这些问题时 , 他们甚至使它更稳定 。
yet in practice , we see that government officials belong to the most criminal and " lawless " profession around .	然而 , 我们看到政府官员属于最犯罪和 " 无法 " 专业 。
secretary . we're out of time ! you have to give encer acce to the carrion device and have it extracted from the city !	秘书 , 我们离开时间 ! 你必须向卡车设备提取 , 并从城市提取它 !
to optimize the acoustics , we've built in a series of ports , each with its own unique purpose .	为了优化声学 , 我们已经建立了一系列港口 , 每个人都具有独特的目的 。
in 1946 , anna met her future husband general claire chennault , who was a major war hero in china .	1946年 , 安娜遇到了她未来丈夫总体克莱尔·陈纳尔特 , 他是中国主要战争英雄 。
it needs men who can be prompted without an aim except the aim to be on the move , to function , to go ahead .	除了移动、移动、移动等目标外 , 还需要提升那些没有目标的人 。
this actually i think derives from a greek word , " synkope , " synkope , synkope .	实际上 , 我想从希腊语中产生的话 , " synkope " synkope , synkope 。
a further effect is the erosion of city revenues , as the propertyvalue base for such taxes continues to shrink .	进一步的影响是城市收入的侵蚀 , 因此税收的财产价值基础继续缩短 。
now the m1 is maybe the best bike in motogp , yamaha have great riders , so it looks like they don’t need me any more .	现在m1也许是莫托格普最好的自行车 , 雅马哈拥有伟大的骑手 , 所以看起来似乎不需要我 。
for all the joy he bring to my life , for every dream he make come true , for all the love i find in him , i will be forever thankful .	对于所有的喜悦 , 他带来了我的生命 , 因为每一个梦想他真的 , 因为我在他身上找到的爱 , 我永远感谢 。
the black ant gains years of working experiences , cooperate with s&w to design special and perfect business plan .	黑蚁获得了几年的工作经验 , 与标准合作 , 设计专业和完善的业务计划 。
considering the same characteristic of the large mechanism remote testing , this system can be used in other large mechanism testing process and find farranging application .	考虑大机械远程测试的相同特点 , 可用于其它大型机械测试过程中应用 , 找到安排应用 。
one of the most popular recipe apps is epicurious with its 28 , 000 recipes from gourmet and bon appetit .	最流行的接收方式应用程序之一 , 其中28 , 000个接收方式来自gourmet和博恩酒吧 。
growth is slowing worldwide . it weakened from a year earlier in 19 of 26 countries that reported apriljune data .	世界范围内的增长越来越慢 , 在19年前的26个国家 , 报道了四月份数据的26个国家 。
traditionalists wring their hands about the " vaporization of value " and " demonetization " of entire industries .	传统学家们把握着 " 价值 " 和 " 示威化 " 的手 。
and your cells making transfer rna , if they make a transfer rna molecule that has here , they only put leucine at the other end .	如果他们在这里做了一个转移rna的rna分子 , 它们只能在另一端放入leucine 。
relative water content , water saturation deficit , free water , bound water and cell sap concentration were all correlated with pf .	水含量、水饱和缺陷、自由水、边界水和细胞sap浓度均与pf相关 。
the two major attacks , one in lahore and the other in quetta , killed more than 100 people and wounded hundreds of others .	两个主要攻击 , 一个在拉霍尔和其他地方 , 死亡了100多人 , 伤害了数百人 。
it seems that there is no obvious law between the difference of flower colors and the content of total flavonoids .	花色与总黄酮含量之间没有明显的法律 。
in grand style , the 1996 annual report is made of textured coffeecolored paper created from espresso grounds .	1996年的大型风格中 , 由espresso地面创建的纺织咖啡彩色纸制成的年度报告 。
way home i strode easy steps , wearing sandals , with my heart , " pops , " sings its song .	回家 , 我轻松的步骤 , 穿沙拉 , 心里 , " 波普斯 , " 唱它的歌 。
no , i won't be drinking tonight because i am the designated driver . just give my glass of wine to the designated drunk .	不 , 今晚我不会喝酒 , 因为我是指定的司机 , 只要给我的酒杯给我指定的醉酒 。
at last , the difficulties of research on ladderlike polysiloxane are mentioned , and the development prospect is looked forward .	最后 , 提出了类似多硅烷的研究难点 , 并提出了发展前景 。
in this paper the fullscale test results of " the customs 301 boat " with or withoutflume tank and seas are presented .	本文介绍了 " 301船 " 的全尺度测试结果 , 或没有流体坦克和海洋 。
however , there are other volcanic sites , such as mt etna , and volcanoes in china , that may fit the researchers' model .	然而 , 还有其他火山站点 , 比如mtetna和火山 , 这可能适合研究者的模型 。
pandu immediately sent out orders for the finest sapphires , rubies , and diamonds that could be had .	熊猫立即送出最好的沙普郡、橡胶和钻石的订单 。
make sure you do not get bogged down with pressure and are allowing yourself some recreational activities like movies and dating .	确保你不会把压力放下来 , 并允许自己的一些娱乐活动 , 比如电影和舞蹈 。
she says that among her circle of friends , work choices is the issue that is likeliest to tip their vote away from the government .	她说 , 在她的朋友之间 , 工作选择是最可能从政府中提高投票的问题 。
leaders of the two countries have reached consensus on adhering to the general direction of joint development and accelerating consultation .	两国领导人已经达成共识 , 坚持联合发展的总体方向和加速咨询的共识 。
that's bad news for arjen robben and joe cole and i'm struggling to see how they will earn a regular place in the team .	这是一个坏消息 , 罗本和乔·科尔 , 我在努力看他们如何在团队获得一个常规的地方 。
in a home stay facility safely , water , enjoy pure water of the comfortable , afternoon 4 o 'clock because rain returns .	在家里保持设施安全 , 水 , 享受舒适的纯水 , 下午4点 , 因为雨回来 。
hence , yu yingshi's textual research on the purity of the ideal world in a dream of red mansions holds little water .	因此 , 玉英石对理想世界纯度的文本研究 , 在一场红色的梦想中仍然保持着小水 。
this is achieved through the elimination , or masking , of both planned and unplanned downtime by eliminating single points of failure .	通过消除失败的单点来实现 , 或制造 , 其中两种规划和未完成的下滑时间 。
right arm likelycontinuing recovery , as the left arms remains fixed while the left wrist flexesto initiate the pull .	右臂可能继续恢复 , 因为左臂仍然固定 , 而左腕flexesto启动拉 。
objective: to study the expression of angiotensin ii type 1 receptor in hyperoxia induced chronic lung diseased .	目的:研究高氧诱导慢性肺炎患者血管张素i型受体表达 。
contains response information returned as a result of a registration lookup table refresh operation on the peer resolver .	包含响应信息返回作为同行解决器的注册查找表重新操作的结果 。
amendements any amendments to this contract shall be in the form of addendum in writing be signed by the buyer and the seller .	本合同的任何修改应当被买方签署和卖方签署的添加方式 。
high speed computing center in institute of space science provides high speed computing environment for students and faculty .	空间科学院高速计算中心为学生提供了高速计算环境 。
after having obtained the degree of licenciéès sciences , i entered ourisson's laboratory in october of 1960 .	在获得许可科学程度之后 , 我在1960年10月进入了我们的实验室 。
gpo's catalog of us government publications — a searchable database of federal publications , with links to those available online .	美国政府公开的目录是一个可搜索的联邦公开数据库 , 链接到这些可用的网上 。
between 2006 and 2010 , the u . s . pto did not award a single patent to any chinabased units of five out of the 10 companies .	2006年至2010年之间 , 美国p图片并没有获得一个专利 , 任何10家公司的五家专利 。
although anticipates to make the direction , but zhao wei also stressed that the performance work delimits the rests by no means .	尽管如此期待制定方向 , 但赵伟也强调 , 表演工作无法限制剩余的手段 。
second , hayek and robbins stress that the keynespigou skepticism about private frugality is shortsighted	第二 , 哈伊克和罗宾斯强调了关于私有水果的关键果意义的关键性 。
the spartans in ancient greece were a nation that paid the greatest attention to eugenics and exercised important influences .	古希腊的西班牙人是一个国家 , 重视欧洲和运动的重要影响 。
constrained by its size , the virus uses overlapping shifted reading frames to generate the full complement of proteins .	由其大小约束 , 病毒使用重叠阅读框架来生成蛋白的完整补充 。
the second dimension is that you need much more fiscal stimulus — in the countries that can afford it — that is frontloaded .	第二维是 , 您需要更多的财政刺激 , 在那些可以福建的国家 , 这就是前载 。
clean and exfoliate your face by washing it with lemon juice . you can also dab lemon juice on blackheads to draw them out during the day .	清洁和渗透你的脸 , 用柠檬汁洗去 , 你也可以在黑头上洗去 。
objective: to modify and develop the syndrome differentiation of threeyang and threeyin discussed in the classic of treatise on febrile disease .	目的:探讨三阳三阴的综合鉴别及其经典治疗胎儿疾病的综合鉴别 。
not in indoor optional piled up some flammable and explosive substances , indoor to absolute forbid fireworks .	室内选项不可燃烧和爆炸物质 , 室内绝对禁止火工作 。
extends capabilities to automatically locate all databases , in both production and test environments , for monitoring and protection .	扩展功能自动定位所有数据库 , 在生产和测试环境下 , 用于监控和保护 。
domestically , our customers include bao steel , handan steel , anyang steel , jiugang group , and other large iron and steel groups .	国内外 , 我们的客户包括宝钢、手钢、橘钢、姜钢等大铁集团 。
the u . s . secret service estimates that some $1 billion of counterfeit u . s . dollars are printed every year .	美国秘书服务估计 , 每年印刷了1亿美元的反馈美元 。
teacher's professional ethics in tao xingzhi's thought derived from two aspects: history and practice .	从历史和实践两个方面出发 , 道贤教师的专业道德 。
in this paper , selforganize competition neural network is applied in the parameters' identification of asynchronous motor .	本文应用于异步电机的参数识别中自组织神经网络 。
objective to establish a hplc method for the simultaneous assaying of compound ofloxacin and ketotifen nasal sprays .	目的建立高效液相色谱法和氯苯纳米喷雾的同时评价方法 。
it’s possible the u . s . defense establishment knew that china had cracked the f117’s secrets .	这可能是美国防御建立的可能 , 中国已经破坏了f17的秘密 。
according to a recent survey , about 78 . 9% of the college students want to further their study after their graduation .	根据最近一项调查 , 大约78.9%的大学生希望在毕业后进一步研究 。
there's a ghost often described as harassment of human evil , was on behalf of justice for the eradication of momotaro .	有一个鬼常被描述为人类邪恶的骚扰 , 正义上是穆塔罗的一半 。
the high aperture ratio is achieved by overlapping ito pixel electrode and bus line using a photo_sensitive polymer .	采用光敏聚合物 , 实现了高温比 , 采用光敏聚合物 。
and the financial situation for graduates was especially bad , with half saying they had so much student debt they could not save .	毕业生的金融状况尤其糟糕 , 半数人说他们不能拯救的学生债务 。
among his hit series , charlie's angels , love boat , dynasty , beverly hills 90210 and melrose place .	其中 , 查理的天使 , 爱船 , 王朝 , 永远希望90210和梅罗斯地位 。
the joint un programme on hiv/aids has set up a commission to study the disease and its impacts on development in asia and the pacific .	联合国艾滋病/艾滋病项目已经建立了一个委员会 , 研究亚洲和太平洋发展的疾病和影响 。
as rosenblatt notes , criticism of black writing has often served as a pretext for expounding on black history .	作为罗森布莱特笔记 , 黑写的批评常被当作黑史上暴露的前提 。
you should be reminded that you will be disqualified to attend any revelant events about this conference unless you give correct and complete information .	您应该提醒您将会被排除 , 除非你给予正确和完成信息之外 , 否则您将会参加任何关于这个会议的显示事件 。
its bold engineer , thomas senkel , took the machine on its first manned flight this week lasting 1 minute 30 seconds .	它的拳击工程师托马斯·塞克尔本周第一次飞行 , 持续30秒 。
in view of my shallow knowledge , the lack of practical experience , the text of the error in the hope that readers criticized .	我的浅知识 , 缺乏实际经验 , 希望读者批评的错误文本 。
at this moment , for me , the heart of earth is this sleepless spring night , greeting this early morning in tranquil meditation .	在这时候 , 对于我来说 , 地球的心是这个无睡的春夜 , 今天早上 , 在悲惨的冥想中希腊 。
“migrants shouldn’t be treated so cruelly , ” says a despairing parent . “they are so prejudiced towards us . ”	" 移民不应该那么粗鲁 , " 一位绝望的父母说 , " 他们对我们来说是很好的 。 "
the museum showcases animated characters from the studio's catalog of films and has a handson exhibit of an animation studio .	博物馆展示了影片的动画特征 , 并有一个手机展示动画工作室 。
join the flames together about a third of the way or midway from the base of the fire and have the flames separated going up from that point .	加入火焰的三分之一 , 从火基地或中途加入火焰 , 火焰分离出来 。
night , quietly into the west , overlooking the earth 's subtle or , how many shadow hovers in the imagination of the edge ?	夜晚 , 静静地进入西方 , 忽视地球的细微或多少阴影激光在边缘的想象 ?
when she whipped her silver mare on her right flank the mare went left , for a horse's first instinct is to flee from danger .	当她右边挂着银牌的时候 , 马的第一个直觉是逃脱危险 。
the results show that transverse rolling sheet could create comparatively perfect structure due to the occurrence of secondary recrystallization .	结果表明 , 由于二次结晶的发生 , 由于二次结晶的发生 , 横轧板可以产生比较完美的结构 。
rfx and dfx move data between the current record of the data source and the field data members of a recordset object .	rfx和dfx之间的数据源记录和数据源的字段数据成员之间的数据 。
coordinating the balance of nitrogen supplicattion and nitrogen requirement by fertilizing made the rice yield stable and high .	利用肥料制得了水稻产量稳定、高 。
furthermore each post with a new queen bee who led the subbed , then , look at the number inside the nest almost no honey .	另外 , 每个帖子都带着一个新的女王蜜蜂 , 然后 , 看看网内几乎没有蜂蜜 。
if johnson left camp with his crew to rebuild a road or a blownout bridge , gilbert waited for his return .	如果约翰逊离开营 , 他的船员重建一条路或吹风桥 , 吉尔伯特等着回来 。
it has been proved that the adopted diversity heat treatment is a new method of realizing different property on relevant rotor forgings locations .	证明采用多样性热处理是实现相关转子锻件的不同性能的一种新方法 。
product description: 1 ) novel appearance , beautiful printing and attractive color can upgrade the package of the drug ;	产品描述:1 ) 小说出现 , 美丽印刷 , 吸引色彩可以升级药物包装 ;
since then , fathers had been honored and recognized by their families throughout the country on the third sunday in june .	自从那以来 , 父亲在6月第三日在全国的家庭认可和认可 。
why do so many of us plonk ourselves down in front of the telly with a microwave meal after a tiring day ? because it's convenient ?	为什么很多人在混合日后用微波饭就把自己放下来呢 ? 因为这是很方便的 ?
since json is just plain text with a simple bracketed structure , many channels can exchange a json message .	由于json只是用简单的包装结构平台文本 , 许多通道可以交换json消息 。
drivers and attendants of emergency vehicles , unable to abandon their posts , died where they had stopped to give aid and assistance .	驾驶员和紧急车参加者 , 无法放弃他们的邮件 , 死于他们停止给援助和援助的地方 。
kevin rudd made a pact with the voters of australia last night to step forward with them and forge a new future for the nation .	凯文·鲁德昨晚与澳大利亚选民举了一场比赛 , 前进和他们一起前进 , 忘了一场新的未来 。
this article studies the reactionmechanism of oligomerization of butadiene and the situation of reaction product utilization .	本文研究了黄油化的反应机制及反应产品利用情况 。
once you start to look really closely , our wild flowers are as intimately beautiful as anything we cultivate in a garden .	一旦你开始仔细看 , 我们的野花就像花园里的任何东西一样美丽 。
this wellpreserved painting is among thousands that were discovered on a 2008 expedition to document rock art in australia .	2008年 , 澳大利亚文档岩艺术发现的数千名画家之一 。
life time is short...everyone has the right to enjoy life , to enjoy beatiful things , including this little gift .	生活时间短...每个人都有权享受生活 , 享受美好的东西 , 包括这小礼物 。
the effective up papaya soup red wine , red wine , the official website of papaya soup , wine , papaya soup with effect ?	有效的支付款红酒 , 红酒 , 帕尼亚汤官方网站 , 酒 , 帕尼亚汤与效果吗 ?
the results showed that the age of shaoxing ducks and dietary cp level significantly affected the cp retention ratio .	结果表明 , 绍兴鸭年龄和饮食cp水平显著影响了cp保留率 。
the new collections of custom furs around town reveal plenty of folderol , but there are practical things too .	城市周边的自定义收集显示很多文件夹 , 但也有实际的东西 。
china international pro audio , light , music & technology exhibition undertaken by ceta is held each year from may to june .	中国国际音乐、轻音、音乐和技术展览会每年5月举行 。
therefore , it can be deduced that the doping level of the pani film increases with film thickness during film growing process .	因此 , 在电影成长过程中 , 可提高膜厚度 。
the imt of carotid artery and the area of carotid atherosclerosis plaque significantly reduced compared with control group .	与对照组相比 , 颈动脉和颈动脉的区域显著降低 。
this paper summaries the structure of vsam file , and the data space , catalog , protection of data and functions of vsam .	本文总结了vsam文件的结构、数据空间、目录、数据保护以及vsam的功能 。
methods 358 lesions of 79 stable vitiligo patients were treated 10 to 30 times with 308 nm excimer laser .	方法采用358例nm激光器治疗79例稳定性恶性患者的病变 。
relevent suggestions for smooth progress of the 2nd generation peasant workers " citizenization are rasied in the last part . "	最后一部分 , 提出了两代农民工平滑进展的相关建议 。
those who preferred agency service enjoyed the agencies in shorter distance , lower cost and managed or supervised by the government .	那些喜欢的机构在短距离、低成本、管理或监督的机构 。
the authors then assess their influence on physical and mechanical properties of rock in the three gorges reservoir area .	然后对三峡储层岩体力学性能的影响进行了评价 。
if the machine where these servers are deployed is close to the minimum disk or ram requirements , then they should be reconfigured .	如果这些服务器部署的机器接近最小磁盘或ram需求 , 那么它们应该重新配置 。
methods patients were divided into different groups , then all patients underwent renal color doppler energy imaging examinations .	方法将患者分为不同组 , 分为肾色多普勒影像检查 。
li glass in no mood to li junkai smile , always wipe out drunk that night with liu qian hui sex scenes .	李玻璃没有情绪到林凯的笑容 , 总是擦出酒 , 晚上与刘乾慧的性情景 。
on the other hand , discontinuing effective antidepressant medication during pregnancy entails a 60% or more risk of relapse .	另一方面 , 在怀孕期间 , 阻止有效的抗抑郁药物的药物含有60%或更换风险 。
results in animal study , lumbricus could inhibit the growth of staphylococci , bacillus coli and bacillus aeruginosus .	结果动物研究中 , 肺炎可以抑制淀粉、巴西罗斯胆囊、巴克鲁斯胆囊增长 。
when there are buildings , they're usually poor structures of mud or adobe that don't survive the rainy season .	当建筑物时 , 他们通常贫困泥或不幸存雨季 。
i think this could be a significant turning point . i think the economic crisis has shown up the weakness of uncontrolled immigration .	我认为这可能是一个重要的转折点 , 我认为经济危机已经显示了不控制移民的弱点 。
and a universal cpldbased controller for twoamplitude actively clamped resonant dclink inverter is proposed too .	同时提出了一种基于cpld的基于cpld控制器 。
a criminal complaint charges mooresaia with stealing substantial funds from wells fargo during her time as a bank employee .	一位刑事抱怨摩洛沙亚在她当时的银行员工的时候 , 随着福尔戈的大量资金 。
other civil servants shall normally participate in the offthejob training for not less than 12 days accumulatively every year .	其他民事服务人员通常参与不到12天的离职培训 。
the catalytic activated carbon deodorizing device was used for purifying odorous gases in sewage pumping station .	采用催化活性炭脱臭装置 , 用于污水泵站净化臭气 。
the geonames geographical database is available for download free of charge under a creative commons attribution license .	geonames地理数据库可在创意共享许可证下载自由负荷下载的地理数据库 。
mistletoe also known throughout history as the golden bough has several different legends associated with its beginning and its meaning .	米斯勒托也被称为 " 金买 " 的几个不同的传奇与其开始和意义相关的传奇相关 。
a particle swarm optimization algorithm for low voltage apparatus blanking part layout optimization was presented .	提出了一种低压装置布局优化的粒子扫描优化算法 。
that doesn't sound right . ' and finally the va told me that i was suffering from ptsd — posttraumatic stress disorder .	这听起来不好 。 " 最后 , 瓦斯告诉我我 , 我受到ptsd的影响 , 后应激障碍 。
in the temple courts he found men selling cattle , sheep and doves , and others sitting at tables exchanging money .	在寺院里 , 他发现男人卖牛、羊和狗 , 等人坐在桌子交换钱 。
the vbelt equivalent coefficient of friction indicates that the bearing capacity of vbelt is higher than that of flat belt .	摩擦等效系数表明 , vbe带承载能力高于平面带 。
children usually have night terrors at the same time each night , generally sometime in the first few hours after falling asleep .	孩子通常每晚都有夜间恐怖 , 通常在睡眠的几个小时之后 , 一般有时候睡眠 。
the incremental cost per lifeyear saved was calculated for all eligible individuals and for highrisk individuals .	计算每年生命年节省的增加成本和高风险个体 。
others may use the guibased administration tool provided by the container to modify the container based on a specific environment .	其他人可以使用基于gui的管理工具 , 以修改基于特定环境的容器 。
licorice is a nourishing herbal medicine . the indication of licorice is expelling phlegm and arresting coughing .	许可是一种保养草药 , 指示许可证明正在推出phlegm和逮捕咳嗽 。
liren rpo consultant process outsourcing service provides part or overall specialized various services to customers during the recruitment .	在招聘期间 , lrenrpo咨询过程提供了部分或整体化的各种服务 。
for the past fifty or a hundred years , transferred nationalism has been a common phenomenon among literary intellectuals .	过去五十年来 , 传统的民族主义是文学知识分子的常见现象 。
butyraldehyde glycol acetal was synthesized from butyraldehyde and glycol by using iodine as catalyst .	采用碘作为催化剂 , 合成了黄油醛和甘油 。
this paper surveys interface automata , timed interface automata , resource interface and gamebased idea in them .	本文研究了时界自动化、时界自动化、资源界面和游戏基础思想 。
traumatic events , such as the 9/11 terrorist attacks , also tend to become seared in children's memories .	伤害事件 , 比如9/11恐怖分子攻击 , 也倾向于在孩子的记忆中搜索 。
therefore , the initiation of semiotic study of the stars is of multidimensionally academic and practical significance .	因此 , 恒星半音学研究的启动是多维学术意义和实际意义 。
students's good or bad will character plays a significant role in achieving teaching objects and teaching task .	学生的良好或坏人物在实现教学对象和教学任务中起着重要作用 。
that would undo years of reforms introduced by the liberal democrats to resuscitate japan's longstagnant economy .	这将引入自由民主党的改革 , 以恢复日本长期经济 。
the advanced liquid nitrogen truck in the world has been applicated in oilgas production and has got good effect , which was imported in 1994 .	在石油生产中应用先进的液氮卡车 , 1994年进口了良好的效果 。
sure my strange addiction features people who dress like babies , collect dead things , and compulsively bathe in bleach .	确保我喜欢婴儿、收集死物的奇怪添加特征 , 并且在漂亮中充满鼓舞 。
fdf president ross warburton said the ambition plan showed that members were taking a leading role in developing sustainable food production .	fdf总统罗斯沃布顿说 , 雄心计划显示 , 成员在发展可持续食品生产中占领先地位 。
rover had saved evazan again , by surrounding the doctor with his gelatinous form and dropping from the castle wall .	路透再次拯救了埃瓦桑 , 周围医生和他的吉拉丁形态下降 , 然后从城堡墙上下降 。
now let us also retrieve whatever portions of our grid work is our own from others , taking energy only and reweaving the holes and gaps therein .	现在我们还可以检索我们的网格工作的所有部分是我们自己的 , 只有能量和恢复洞内的距离 。
for someone who once subsisted on cookies and soda , the road to a wholegrain , occasionally vegetarian life began with this staple .	对于那些曾经坚持烹饪和苏达的人来说 , 路到整粒 , 偶尔兽医生活开始了这个步骤 。
finally , the " interface effect " and the occurrence of polycrystalline during the vgfgaas crystal growth were discussed .	最后 , 讨论了vgfga水晶生长过程中的 " 接口效应 " 及其发生 。
they often retain their telephone numbers , including the area code , when they move from state to state , so it is hard to know where they are .	他们经常保留电话号码 , 包括该区域代码 , 当他们从国家转移到国家时 , 所以很难知道他们在哪里 。
methods 11 cases in exacerbation stage were chosen to study . swan ganz catheterization were taken for hemodynamic monitoring .	方法对11例血动力学监测进行研究 。
the aim of this thesis was to make some helpful research in this region though the research mode which was built in the thesis was still insufficient .	本文旨在对本地区建立的研究模式进行一些有效的研究 。
business first , pleasure afterward , as king richard said when he stabbed the other king in the tower , before he smothered the babies .	第一次 , 高兴后 , 正如王理查德王说 , 当他坐在塔里的另一个王时 , 就在他吸烟婴儿之前 。
porous silicon and its preparation technology have been used broadly in the fields of microsensors because of its special p...	多孔硅和其制备技术在微传感器领域广泛应用于微传感器领域 。
it looks as if that safety device is gone in this campaign and nothing will protect them from the hurt of failure at liverpool this evening .	看起来像今晚利物浦失败的一样 , 安全装置就不会保护他们 。
these images are from messenger , a nasa discovery mission to conduct the first orbital study of the innermost planet , mercury .	这些图像来自mesenger , 一个nasa发现任务 , 以实现最内部行星的第一个轨道研究 。
my former teacher told me that as an english major i should read major barbara , one of the major plays by g . b . shaw .	我前老师告诉我 , 作为英语大学 , 我应该读大学芭芭芭芭拉 , 一个主要的演奏之一 。
jerome sans , curator of the exhibit , says liu's work shows one reality of a modernizing china the people who are left behind .	展览馆的顾问jeromesan说 , 刘的作品显示了一个现代化的中国人在后面留下的现代化 。
with the three treasures he winged his way back to heaven . when he got outside the pearly gates , he decided to examine his mementos .	随着三个宝宝 , 他将他的路回到天堂 。 当他走出珍珠门外的时候 , 他决定检查他的纪念 。
they may touch cheeks , lips , chests , legs , and feel their partner’s hand along their back , thighs , or stomach .	他们可能触摸脸颊 , 嘴唇 , 胸部 , 腿部 , 感觉他们的伴侣沿着他们的背部、大腿或胃部 。
the regional climate response to land use and land cover changes of arid region in china is studied by a regional climate model .	通过区域气候模型研究了我国干旱区的土地利用和土地覆盖变化 。
se plays its biofunction through selenoprotein , of which selenoprotein p is a special isoform with 10 se cysteines .	其中 , 选择蛋白p是一种具有10secysteine的特殊异异构形 。
it showed that the concentration of chci_3 and ccl_4 were higher in waterworks than in source water , especially for ccl_4 .	结果表明 , chci3和ccl4浓度高于源水中 , 尤其是ccl4 。
also , it should have a few big bombing scenes that could provide moments of action and destruction , so it is likely to be both fun and titillating .	另外 , 它应该有一些大爆炸场景 , 可以提供动作和破坏时刻 , 所以可能是有趣的和有点 。
the bus was reaching the hill top and will go downhill after a turn . the right side of the bus was facing an unfathomable cliff .	公共汽车正在达到山顶 , 然后会下楼 , 公共的右侧面正面临着一个不可信的悬崖 。
“i want to be fair to my employees , ” explains mary ellen elia , hillsborough’s superintendent .	" 我想公平的员工 , " 玛丽·埃伦·埃里亚解释说 , 希拉斯堡的超级代表 。
bookable associated or nonassociated facility such as a commentary position , observer seat , camera position , etc .	相机位置、观测器座位、摄像机位等相关设施 。
it has been used by science communicators worldwide to develop strategies for involving the public in decisions relating to science progress .	它被全球科学通信者使用 , 涉及科学进展的公共决策 。
denmark led the pack with 72% of people reporting that they were thriving , while the united states came in at no . 12 , with 59% .	丹麦领导了包装72%的人报道 , 美国在1月12日出现 , 占59% 。
this article explores these considerations and discusses how an air or watercooled system can help you optimize your mig or tig welding performance .	本文探讨这些考虑并讨论空气或冷却系统如何帮助您优化您的mig或tig焊接性能 。
there are some differences among them , the temporization is as much as the transcendent , but they enrich and develop the text theory together .	其中有一些差异 , 温度化与超越性相比 , 但它们丰富 , 共同发展文本理论 。
the academy awards started the visualeffectscategory in 1963 , though it was called “special effects” at the time .	学术奖于1963年开始了视觉效应范畴 , 但当时它被称为 " 特殊效应 " 。
join exnavy seal richard " mack " machowicz on a wild ride around the globe in search of the ultimate weapon .	加入海豹理查德 " 马克 " 机器 , 搜索最终武器 。
i called my dad and it seemed that he had been waiting for the call and picked up and gave me the address incredibly efficiently .	我叫我的爸爸 , 看起来他一直等着电话 , 然后把我拿起来 , 很高效地址 。
deals heavy damage to your target over 9 seconds , and greatly reduces their armor . only usable from the sides or rear .	将严重损害到你的目标超过9秒 , 大大减少他们的armor , 只能从侧或后方使用 。
the division of malaria control of kenya , working with an international research team , has been monitoring the coverage and impact of this intervention .	肯尼亚的马拉里亚控制部门 , 与国际研究团队一直在监测该干预的覆盖和影响 。
it can be deployed within 30 minutes , and its selfmanaging , selfhealing capabilities minimize the need for human intervention .	它可以在30分钟内部部署 , 以及其自我管理、自愈能力最小化人类干预需要 。
pd ports has submitted plans to develop a us$102 million import centre at teesport for the use of a major uk retailer .	pd港已经提交了美国10200万美元的进口中心 , 用于使用主要英国零售商的使用 。
sentimental , timid and small nonpoint , prince of frozen cold , blunt nerve cavalier , dance big triangle !	情绪 , 潮湿 , 非点 , 冰冻的王子 , 蓝神经cavalier , 舞大三角 !
land disposal laws made it progressively easier for farmers to purchase undeveloped land from the huge public domain .	土地分散法使农民在大型公共领域购买未开发的土地更容易 。
in answer one mode you can set a predefined number and select the number of rings after which the phone should autoanswer .	在回答一个模式中 , 您可以设置一个预定义的数字 , 并在哪个手机应该自动答案之后选择的环数 。
approximately 20 , 000 employees at over 800 locations worldwide provide technology , system and knowhow optimization .	全球800多名员工提供技术、系统和知识优化 。
the next time you experience one of these emotions and you cannot figure out where it came from perhaps it came before your physical birth .	第二次你经历了这些情绪之一 , 你不能从物理出生之前来的地方去看它 。
china , in short , would like to consolidate its industry into companies resembling bloomberg , time warner and viacom , analysts say .	分析人士说 , 尽管如此 , 中国将把它的行业融合到公司中 , 就像布鲁姆伯格、时代沃纳和viacom一样 。
if a rac node stops working , oracle will not failover the dtp service until the oracle rac cleanup and recovery is complete .	如果一个rac节点停止工作 , oracle将不会失败dtp服务 , 直到oraclerac清除和恢复完成 。
in the nottoodistant past , a developing nation tended to be seen as a country that lacked access to modern technology .	在过去 , 一个发展中国家倾向于被视为缺乏现代技术的国家 。
objective to investigate the evaluation of fdgpet delayed image in diagnosis of malignant neoplasm in abdomen .	目的探讨fdgpet延迟图像在腹部恶性肾炎诊断中的应用价值 。
this paper analysed the traits of emergence of malodor contamination in summer and put forward corresponding manipulative measures .	分析了夏季马洛多污染的特点 , 提出了相应的操作措施 。
methods: by means of colorimetry the complex was determined by combining picric acid and berberine hydrochloride .	方法:采用彩色对称法测定葡萄糖和伯丁水解法测定复合物 。
li yiliang was relieved of duties as delegate of the sichuan people's congress due to suspect of taking bribes .	四川人民国会代表李毅阳因为担忧贿赂而减轻责任 。
word of this follows earlier proposals from political advisors , calling on the government to relax the policy .	此言之后 , 政治顾问早期提出的建议 , 叫政府放松政策 。
the reason why the whitecollars suffer increasing workrelated stress is that they pursue work achievement in career .	白领的原因是他们追求工作成就 。
and then all this earthquake happened , i thought , is that karma ? when you are not nice that bad things happen to you .	然后 , 这个地震发生了 , 我想 , 卡拉玛 ? 当你不太好的事情发生在你身上 。
when codified , this collective knowledge makes a valuable extension to software patterns and classified as antipatterns .	在复制过程中 , 这个集体知识使软件模式和分类为反模式有价值扩展 。
in this article , the recent achievement and application of magnetic polymer microspheres for immobilized enzyme are summarized .	本文总结了磁聚合物微球最近成果和应用 。
elephant trunklike dust pillars point towards the hot blue stars and are telltale signs of their eroding effect .	大象一样的粉尘柱点向热蓝星点 , 是他们的气候效应的告诉迹象 。
but very old unix and linux systems didn't implement the protective mechanism snprintf is supposed to implement .	但非常旧的unix和linux系统并没有实现保护机制nntf 。
if a shipper should use a p . o . box address , the recipients telephone number must be included on the label .	如果船员应该使用p.o.box地址 , 接收者必须包含电话号 。
that is the kind of study that we need to have in order to make a final decision about how long we really need to continue dual antiplatelet therapy .	这是我们需要做出最终决定的一种研究 , 我们需要多久的时间继续抗板治疗 。
for whatever reason , i tend to think of him as a lowprofile “insider , ” but his publication history belies this image .	无论什么原因 , 我倾向于认为他是一个低文件 " 内部 " , 他的出版历史相信这幅图片 。
vila formerlyequaly sneaked in the goal for the national sports team , this time he scored against england .	维拉前一场比赛对英格兰球队的进球 , 这次比赛对阵了英格兰 。
the parents of old is old son return very jubilate , let an eldest son help its arrange the job immediately .	老儿子的父母是非常合理的 , 让一个最古老的儿子立即安排工作 。
the energy centres are located at major branchings of the human nerve system from the base of the spine to the top of the head .	能量中心位于人神经系统的主要分支 , 从脊柱到头顶 。
you must trust your instinct when deciding on one specific business motivational speaker to rule and guide your team .	决定一个特定的业务动机发言人规则并指导你的团队 。
an initial version of a new connection web site , the clinical and translational science network , will be launched soon .	一个新的连接网站的初始版本 , 临床和翻译科学网络将很快发布 。
breakage is an important factor to influence wetting deformation of coarsegrained materials ; and farther study is necessary .	破坏是影响粗粒材料的湿变形的重要因素 , 更好的研究是必要的 。
the working principle of 3d scanning with structured light and the system calibration of atos optical scanner are introduced .	介绍了三维扫描仪的结构化光学和系统校准原理 。
the world health organization has sent inspectors to the granjas carroll farm . the results of the investigation have not been announced .	世界卫生组织已发送检查人员到格兰贾斯卡罗尔农场 , 调查结果尚未公布 。
signing signature right have the attribute of personal right , involving status right and personality right , and property right and absolute right .	签名签名权有个人权利的属性 , 涉及状态权利和个人权利 , 财产权利和绝对权利 。
this article is a perspective study on its physical , chemical , biological properties and the immunochemical detecting methods .	本文对其物理、化学、生物学性质及免疫化学检测方法进行了研究 。
general macarthur described the weapon as " one of the strongest contributing factors to our victory in the pacific " .	总体来说 , 武器是 " 太平洋最强的贡献因素之一 " 。
but the team concluded that those anomalies were created by jumbling of strata when debris flowed back into the crater after the impact .	但这支球队结论 , 这些异常是由于破碎后的冲击而造成的 。
likewise must the deacons be grave , not doubletongued , not given to much wine , not greedy of filthy lucre ;	同样 , 必须是坟墓 , 不要双重的 , 不要给许多酒 , 不要贪婪过滤液 ;
the two size mixtures of grafting starch and pva1799 were blending , and the stability of solution system was analyzed .	分析了移植淀粉和pva179的两种尺寸混合物 , 并分析了溶液系统稳定性 。
the preconcentrated juice is provided to a multieffect evaporator , which removes a second portion of water to form a concentrate .	提供了一种多效蒸发器的预浓缩汁 , 除水的第二部分 , 形成集中 。
in the summer of 1974 , an ancient junk of sung dynasty was excavated in quanzhou bay , fujian province .	在1974年夏天 , 福建省泉州湾的古河流被挖掘 。
to say that travel is the luxury – and not necessity – of the fossil fuel generation is an oversimplification .	要说 , 旅行是奢侈的 , 而非必要的化石燃料产生是过于简化的 。
this is in vertical position . 149 . 9 but i would think that the uncertainty of my measurement is probably 1 millimeter .	这是垂直位置.149.9 , 但我认为我测量的不确定性可能是1毫米 。
this paper is an analysis on the current situation of internal accounting control within the agricultural research institutions .	分析农业研究机构内部会计控制的现状 。
glass shows chemical inertness in the daily environment and does not react with living things , so it has extensive applications .	玻璃在日常环境中显示化学插入并不与生活事物反应 , 因此它具有广泛的应用 。
the first total synthesis of squamosamide was achieved in seven steps by us , with an over all yield of 14% .	第一步通过美国7步实现了方胺总合成 , 其产量超过14% 。
for example , if the registrar at a university is also taking courses , he or she may play the role of both student and registrar .	举个例子 , 如果大学注册人也在采取课程 , 他或她可能会扮演学生和注册人角色 。
migration results of the seg foothills overthrust model synthetic data shows that this approach is in high imaging accuracy .	结果表明 , 该方法在高成像精度下 , 这种方法在高成像精度 。
we will ensure an adequate supply of agricultural products and increase farmers’ incomes through multiple channels .	我们将确保农产品的充分供应 , 并通过多渠道增加农民收入 。
objective to know mycobacterium culture , bacterial type and medicine sensitiveness of outerpulmonary tuberculosis .	目的了解外肺结核、细菌类型及药敏度 。
analysis has been carried out on the main factors which make the whole structure to be simplified , dutylightened and visualized .	分析了整体结构简化、责任化和视觉化的主要因素 。
synergism of certain essential oils when mixed with other essential oils or synthetic insecticides .	当混合其他基本油或合成杀虫剂时 , 某些基本油的协同主义 。
this means , there are no hidden elements that could improve the renderings later , making it easier for you to follow along .	这意味着 , 没有隐藏元素可以随后提高渲染的变化 , 使你更容易跟踪 。
this example presents graphically , . the confidence level and uncertainty limit of gaussian of uniform r . v . .	这个例子给出了一般r.v的信心水平和不确定限制 。
the tube deformation characteristics on assel mill are deformation concentrating at shoulder and wall thickness in rolling zone increasing .	在滚动区壁厚度下 , 沥青管变形特征正在变形集中在肩部和墙厚度上升 。
generally that , do not the history of the private sector is not yet included in the official history of the history books .	一般来说 , 不要对民营部门的历史尚未包括在历史书的官方历史 。
the 21st century is info society , and info security is one of the part of our national security stratagems .	21世纪是印度社会 , 印度安全是我国安全战略的一部分之一 。
the effects of particle size of tungsten powders and tac quantity on densification and grain size were investigated .	研究了钨粉的粒径对密度和粒径的影响 。
the drug resistant rates of two kinds of staphylococcus were similar , drug resistance to vancomycin was both 0 .	两种稳醇耐药率相似 , 耐药率为0 。
stealth technologies , target characteristics and detection technologies for the stealth cruise missile are discussed .	讨论了稳定巡航导弹的目标特性和检测技术 。
objective to study high frequency color doppler ultrasound in pulmonary artery place affection imaging on children .	目的探讨高频彩色多普勒超声在肺动脉位置影响儿童的影响 。
the third rules are has carried on the numerical control complex components the processing programming as well as the simulation process .	第三个规则在数控复杂的处理程序和仿真过程中进行了数值控制复杂的组成 。
objective: to discuss the feasibility of twodimensional ion chamber array in daily quality assurance of accelerator .	目的:探讨双维离子室阵在加速器日常质量保证中的可行性 。
educational ethnography is a research model or method that is applied the paradigm of ethnography in educational environment .	教育语义是教育环境中的一个研究模式或方法 。
with the rapid development of industrialization today , industrial accident have become a common personal injury accident .	随着工业化的迅速发展 , 工业事故已成为一个常见的个人伤害事故 。
however , the poll showed people were less willing to date someone with a lifelong sexually transmitted disease or someone with poor hygiene .	然而 , 调查显示 , 人们愿意与一个生命长的性传播疾病或贫困卫生的人约会更少 。
using coordinate rotation based on pwave particle vibration , aligning the source components at different depths have been achieved .	通过基于p波粒子振动协调旋转 , 实现了不同深度的源组件 。
electric heating pads are cumbersome , generally inflexible , and don't work away from a source of electricity .	电热垫通常灵活 , 不要从电源出发工作 。
" zhuangzi " is the the warring states period zhuangzhou's works , which is one of the important classics of taoism .	" 庄子 " 是张州的作品之一 , 是道教的重要经典之一 。
the other compounds or treatment concentrations had no clear attractive or repellent action against the female adults .	其他化合物或治疗浓度没有明显的吸引或反复对女性成年的行为 。
oblivious to its cause , this scientist called the photography company and ordered a replacement for the " defective " film .	显然 , 这位科学家称这家摄影公司并订购了 " 缺陷 " 电影 。
today and the coming next 10 days , i will be doing overtime at chq due to the huge amount of customer orders .	今天和未来10天 , 由于客户订单大量的订单 , 我将在chq上做过时间 。
he said he would ask congress to increase aid to pakistan but in return he expected pakistan to tackle the safe havens .	他说 , 他将要求国会增加援助巴基斯坦 , 但他希望巴基斯坦能够承担安全 。
if i use mms early and wisely , i may never have another cold , bronchitis , flu , or pneumonia in the future .	如果我使用ms早期和智慧的话 , 我可能永远没有另一个寒冷、支气管炎、流感或肺炎 。
maybe there will be some kind of backlash when they hit adolescence , but at least they will have had most of their lives to assimilate the information .	也许 , 当他们袭击青少年时 , 可能会有一些背景 , 但至少他们将有大多数的生活来同样的信息 。
eclipse lets you automatically generate the hashcode and equals methods for your classes so you don't have to do it yourself .	eclipse让您自动生成hah代码和等于类的方法 , 这样你不必做自己 。
the architect determines which use cases can be implemented by preexisting applications or services and which use cases need to be constructed or extended .	建筑师可以通过现有应用程序或服务实现的应用程序或服务来确定哪些用例来构建或扩展 。
we should rather recognize in it the speculative spirit of our language rising above the me 'eitheror' of understanding .	我们宁愿认识到我们的语言的猜测精神上升了我 " 的理解 " 。
because microflows perform better than longrunning processes , use a microflow for your proxy process implementation if possible .	由于微流比长期运行过程更好 , 如果可能的话 , 使用一个显微流来实现代理流程 。
but the stapes would not take on its familiar role as a component of the terrestrially adapted tympanic ear for millions of years .	然而 , 标准并不会把它的熟悉角色作为一个特殊适应的典型耳朵的组成部分 。
kim jongil inspects the newlybuilt kanggye farm at chagang province . photo released on december 11 , 2009 .	2009年12月11日 , 金正日在广省新建的康吉农场检查 。
red colobus monkeys would be among the primates most threatened by warminginduced leaf changes , a new study says .	一项新研究称 , 红色猴子将是由温暖导致叶变化威胁的主要原因之一 。
inspired participation in your game is choosing to engage in something that matters to you , playing it fully and enjoying it .	在游戏中 , 激励参与是选择参与你的东西 , 让你充分享受它 。
you shouldn't ask your date if they're having a good time , and you shouldn't ask the interviewer how you did at the end of the interview .	你不应该问你的日期 , 如果他们有很好的时间 , 你不应该问你在面试结束的时候怎么做 。
and us retail major walmart has ruled that from 2008 , all its deep freezers in the us and worldwide will be lit up with leds .	美国零售主要沃尔玛2008年规定 , 美国和世界各地的冰冻机将与led相关 。
the authors noted that prospective , randomized , placebocontrolled trials are needed to confirm the findings of this observational study .	文章指出 , 前瞻性、随机化、安慰剂控制试验需要确定该观察研究的结果 。
you know no more about unicorns than i do , for i've read the same books and heard the same stories , and i've never seen one either .	你知道比我所做的不多 , 因为我读的同一本书 , 听到同样的故事 , 我从来没有看到过一个 。
he says p2p players do almost everything that banks do—market products , evaluate borrowers , underwrite and service loans .	他说 , p2p玩家几乎做了银行的所有东西 , 市场产品 , 评估借款者 , 编写和服务贷款 。
in the case of the sales house the program required linear movement from one end of the building to the other as a device to move people through .	在销售房子中 , 需要的线性运动从建筑的一端到另一端 , 作为移动人们的设备 。
tea attained the prime in tang dynasty , which spread from southwest china through yangtze river over thousands of years .	唐代茶经过数千年来的扬子河传播 。
after a long day at the office , you might be inclined to stagger home and collapse in front of your new flatscreen television .	在办公室的长一天之后 , 你可能会在你新的平台屏幕电视前面突破家庭和崩溃 。
in india , 8 . 6% of girls aged between 15 and 19 are having babies ; in nepal , that figure tops 10% .	印度 , 8.6%的女孩在15岁至19岁之间有婴儿 ; 在尼泊尔 , 这个数字高达10% 。
kate's story examines kate's life as a photographer and accessories buyer , as well as being a party girl .	凯特的故事考虑凯特的生活作为摄影师和配件买家 , 以及成为党女孩 。
everyone can make you smile . many people can make you cry . but it takes someone really special to make you smile with tears in your eyes .	每个人都能让你笑 , 很多人可以哭泣 , 但它需要一个人真的特别来让你笑着眼泪 。
as former marine and dog handler mike dowling put it in an interview , " as long as the dog is with the handler , he's loving life . "	随着前海洋和狗处理器迈克·杜克在采访中说: " 只要狗与处理器一样 , 他爱着生活 。 "
also while he was at disney , burton developed his blackandwhite short frankenweenie , about a boy who revives his dead dog .	同时 , 他还在迪斯尼 , 布尔顿开发了他的黑白短短的弗兰克文尼 , 约有一名男孩 , 他的死狗 。
one expert argued that , for years , the united states has underinvested in technologies to make automobiles more fuelefficient .	一位专家认为 , 几年来 , 美国已经在技术上投资 , 以制造汽车更加脆弱 。
people who are worried about losing their jobs do things that keep them from getting laid off they drink less and take fewer risks .	那些担心失去工作的人 , 让他们从饮料减少 , 减少风险 。
pointing at a large concrete building in central zlitan , the man added: " they have a close watch on all our movements .	男子补充道: " 他们在我们的运动上都有密切的观察 。
hi frank if u had to release a single wot type of stuff would using about and would u like to do a duet wiv anyone ?	您是否必须释放一个单独的tf类型的frank会使用 , 并且你想做一个doetwv的人吗 ?
but when it comes to studenttofaculty ratio , their rankings drop , with tsinghua at 22th and peking at 23rd .	然而 , 当学生的困境比率下降时 , 他们的排名下降了22分 , 然后在23rd 。
the paper has put forward a new method for quickly and accurately predicting the shelf life of silastic with the least experiments and cost .	本文提出了一种快速、准确的预测弹性寿命的新方法 , 最小实验和成本的新方法 。
also check out your cellphone or pda—you'll never miss a deadline when your schedule is in your pocket or purse .	还要检查你的手机或pda , 你永远不会错过你的计划在你的口袋里或追求的时候 。
in fact , susquehanna says , in january “kayak was priceline’s fifth largest source of traffic worldwide . ”	事实上 , 苏珊娜说 , 一月份 " 卡雅克是世界范围内最大的交通源 。
we want 4 . 000 friends to our account only from greece and who will be mainly be advertising companies or type centers !	我们只想要4000名朋友来自希腊 , 谁主要是广告公司或类型中心 !
those who believe that transparency has inherent value , or that it should be the norm , may initially have difficulties with this approach .	那些相信透明度有内在价值 , 或者它应该是规范 , 可能最初与此方法有困难 。
you can use this technique when you need to separate an input array into two or more smaller arrays based on criteria in the input data .	当您需要将输入数据中的输入阵列分为两个或更小的基于输入数据的标准时 , 您可以使用这个技术 。
the dow jones industrial average rose 178 . 08 points , or 1 . 53 percent , at 11 , 836 . 04 .	道琼斯工业指数上涨178.08点 , 或1.53% , 至1836.04点 。
it's a step up , procedurally , from the bigbang model , in that it at least requires some idea of what the product requirements are .	它是一个步骤 , 程序上 , 从大型模型中 , 至少需要一些产品要求的一些想法 。
high quality steamed bread was made with adding a proper quantity of baking soybean flour or dietary fiber made from soybean hulls .	大豆粉制成的高品质蒸煮面包 , 加入适量的大豆粉或饮食纤维 。
the chemist jeanbaptiste dumas , french minister of agriculture , was charged with stopping the epidemic .	化学家janbaptiste杜马斯 , 法国农业部长 , 被控停止流行病 。
lee scott , the boss of walmart , the world's biggest retailer , is said to see great scope for improving his supply chain .	世界上最大的零售商李斯科特说 , 为了提高供应链的巨大范围 。
and , israel continues to amass ground troops around gaza in preparation for a possible ground offensive .	以色列继续在加沙周围的地面部队制备可能的地面攻击 。
tourists go to the beach , they go to lamu island , they go to malindi , they go to mombasa , they sit and drink beer .	旅游者去海滩 , 他们去拉密岛 , 他们去马林迪 , 他们去莫巴萨 , 他们坐着喝啤酒 。
sife is an incubator , breeding a lovingheart , nourishing selfconfidence and producing many a young group which can do well .	sife是一个诱惑者 , 育一个爱心 , 保养自信 , 产生很多年轻的团体 , 可以做得好 。
it is the cunning of reason , no doubt , but one has to recognize the cunning of the reasoner , and take one's hat off to him .	这是理由的惩罚 , 没有疑问 , 但一个人必须认识到原因的惩罚 , 然后把一个帽子放到他身上 。
more gratifying is the fabric after cold rolling feel softer , quality improves , as benign and usher in a new customer .	更高兴的是在冷轧后 , 质量改善 , 像一个新的客户一样 , 品质改善 , 和用户一样 。
using pictures taken with the spitzer space telescope , scientists first removed light from closer stars and galaxies .	利用spitzer空间望远镜拍摄的图片 , 科学家首先从更近明星和星系中删除光 。
help your child set her own achievable goals she'll learn to take pride in herself and rely less on approval or reward from others .	帮助你的孩子设定自己的成就目标 , 她学会自豪 , 依靠别人的认可或奖励 。
second , libya's cities and oases are islands in a sea of sand and of pivotal importance as supply depots .	第二 , 利比亚的城市和奥斯岛是沙滩和海洋的重要性 。
other names for this bird are celebes imperial pigeon , celebes green imperial pigeon and green imperial pigeon .	这只鸟的其他名字是皇帝鸽、青色帝国鸽和绿色帝国鸽 。
keep it clean , clear , pseudo impartial , but definitely focused on benefits for specific customers .	保持清洁 , 清晰 , 伪装 , 但对于特定客户来说 , 肯定集中于利益 。
a major part of economic theory deals with largescale phenomena such as stock market fluctuations or gross national products .	股市流动或国家产品的大规模现象的主要部分 。
step 7: social life giving yourself a break from the activity which is stressing you is as good a relaxation tool as any .	第七步:社会生活让自己从压力的活动中突破自己 , 这就像任何一个放松工具一样好 。
and in the case of the completely inelastic collisions that we have seen last time , we lost kinetic energy , which was converted to heat .	最后我们看到过的完全弹性碰撞 , 我们丢失了动力能 , 这将转换为热量 。
also , gypsies may be buying pieces of land on green belts and have little or no knowledge of the administration system .	另外 , 石膏可能在绿带购买一片土地 , 并且没有知识行政系统 。
spanish is what we call a " romance " language , meaning that it is based on latin , the language of the ancient roman empire .	西班牙是我们称为 " 浪漫 " 语言 , 意味着它是根据拉丁、古罗马帝国语言的 。
apple is allowing publishers to set their own prices , and the titles shown at the demo retailed for $12 . 99 and under .	苹果允许出版商设置自己的价格 , 并且在demo零售中显示的名称为12.99美元 。
he says celebrities who act like they do not want to be photographed are hypocrites who secretly adore the attention .	他说 , 像他们一样行动的名人不想被摄影的是那些秘密的关注的人 。
a hardness separation system for steel ball based on preventive multifrequency testing eddy current technology was presented .	提出了一种基于防止多频测试eddy电流技术的硬度分离系统 。
this creates a field with a matching label on the design canvas and automatically binds the field to the node in the instance .	这在设计坎瓦斯上创建一个匹配标签 , 自动绑定字段到节点 。
the activities of pod in the serum , muscle and hepatopancreas of the injected shrimp remained stable .	注射虾的血清、肌肉和肝胰腺的活动仍然稳定 。
but he was a gallant warrior , and when he rose to make his final adieu his mouth was grimly set and his shoulders were squared .	然而 , 他是一名勇士 , 当他上升时 , 他最后的阿迪乌就很灰暗地设置了嘴巴 , 他的肩膀正在平方向 。
for example , belgium sent four f16 jets and 150 military personnel to help with the libyan nofly zone .	例如 , 贝吉姆派四架f16喷射和150名军人员帮助利比亚无飞区 。
redwinged blackbirds were perched on fence posts . farmers were out in their fields , preparing for another season .	红色鸟被视为野 , 农民们在他们的田野里出来 , 准备另一个季节 。
the state could not curtail such activities without inflaming the entire populace , although it periodically tried .	尽管周期试图 , 国家不能将这些活动变成伤害整个人口 。
one brand that's hot in the fashion world is miro , and its trendy designs of clothing and shoes originate in barcelona .	时尚世界的一个品牌是米罗 , 它的服装和鞋源于巴塞罗那 。
but days later , experiencing something similar while i was alone triggered a memory that made me miss andy acutely .	但几天后 , 经历一些类似的东西 , 当我独自触发一个记忆 , 使我错过安迪 。
at the same time , close study of the text has been an ample reward to use for the effort expended , as we hope it will be to others .	同时 , 关于文本的研究一直是一个广泛应用的奖励 , 因为我们希望它将成为其他人 。
the paper is concerned with two aspects:a necessary and sufficient condition for convex hull of a set in e2 being closed ;	本文以两个方面关注:关闭e2集输送壳的必要条件和充分条件 ;
in the movies he always wore a fake mustache , had poor man's clothes and often walked funny with a cane .	在电影里 , 他总是穿着一个假装 , 穿着不好的衣服 , 经常用罐子走得很有趣 。
france mercilessly crushed rebellions in tonkin , and sat back while over one million vietnamese starved after world war ii .	法国在坦克林无奈破坏反叛 , 坐在一百万越南在世界大战之后 。
as a result , you get two parallel connectors , one for each navigation direction , from screen 1 to screen 3 , and one back .	结果 , 您可以得到两个并行连接器 , 一个为每个导航方向 , 从屏幕1到屏幕3 , 以及一个后面 。
yet when standardsize clothes are altered for a man like mr . lefkowitz , the final proportions can come out all wrong .	然而 , 当标准尺寸衣服变成像莱弗科斯先生这样的男人时 , 最后的比例可以出现错误 。
the route varies every year , taking riders and fans through mountains , tiny towns , and the streets of paris .	路由每年都不同 , 带着骑士和扇子穿过山、小镇和巴黎街 。
qg: you have been practicing in landscape design and urban design for 15 years . did you ever have any frustration in your career ?	问:你曾经在景观设计和城市设计中实践过 , 15年 , 你曾经在你的职业生涯中有什么破坏 ?
an elegant chardonnay from yarra valley with delicious citrus , nectarine and fresh apricot flavors .	来自雅拉山谷的一个优雅的卡隆纳 , 带有美味的柑橘、尼卡琳和新鲜的杏仁香味 。
" the child stared at him open mouthed and horrified for a minute , then gasped: " didn't you get my email ?	" 孩子们站在他开口口袋里 , 惊吓了一分钟 , 然后盖普: " 你没收到电子邮件吗 ? "
southwest said three planes had cracks similar to those in the phoenix jet and would be repaired before they fly again .	西南表示 , 三架飞机在凤凰飞机中破坏了类似的飞机 , 并且在飞行之前再次修复 。
direct mail and telephone solicitation are such effective fundraising tools that most large social movement organizations use one or both .	直接邮件和电话解决是这样有效的基础工具 , 大多数大型社会运动机构使用一个或两个 。
engineers have long known that designing smaller , lighter vehicles is an ideal way to meet tighter fueleconomy standards .	工程师已经知道 , 设计较小、更轻的车辆是满足燃料经济标准的理想途径 。
listen people the senator is 25 points ahead in the polls but he wants us to keep running scared like we're way behind .	听众参议员25分 , 但他希望我们继续跑步 , 就像我们背后的路一样 。
safrian added , “they knew his face , and . . . even after ten days , staying in the sun , his face had not changed ! ”	萨弗里安补充道: " 他们知道他的脸 , 甚至十天后 , 呆在太阳里 , 他的脸没有改变 ! "
this article clears the measuring coupling relationship between horizontal azimuth and pitch angles by detailed mathematical deduction .	本文通过数学推导 , 阐述了水平轴向与射角之间的耦合关系 。
first , it proved indubitably that she and her husband occupied separate rooms , in itself a shocking enough state of affairs .	首先 , 证明她和丈夫占据了独立的房间 , 在自身震惊足够的事务状态下 , 她和她的丈夫占据了独立的房间 。
it's highly prohibited that nonoperator or nonrepairman should enter the safety protection rails of the mold soaker to avoid scorching .	禁止非经营者或非维修人员应该进入模具隔震器安全保护铁路 , 以避免分量 。
at present , the development and application of acetate fibers in textile industry in some developed countries such as america and japan have been relatively mature .	目前 , 一些发展中国家和日本等纺织工业中醋酸纤维的发展和应用已相对成熟 。
the accuracy of the aromas index model of tobacco established in this study on tobacco aromas types was 87 . 9% .	烟草类型的芳香指数模型是87.9% 。
methods:the models with hyperglycemia were induced by alloxan to observe the effects of balsam pear grande on the blood sugar .	方法:采用异丙烷诱导高血糖模型 , 观察巴拉姆珍珠颗粒对血糖的影响 。
in addition , the learning content and function structure are abstract to the educational model in practice by eml educational modeling language .	此外 , 利用教育建模语言对教育模型的学习内容和功能结构进行了摘要 。
based on geostatistics regionalization variable and variogram , kriging interpolation technology was described in detail .	介绍了基于地理学区域化变量和变量的基础上 , 详细介绍了kriing插值技术 。
if allowed to come into contact with the skin , croton oil causes blistering and painful skin irritation which can last up to three weeks .	如果允许与皮肤联系 , 克罗顿油会引起突出和痛苦的皮肤灌溉 , 这些皮肤可以持续三周 。
the discrete time sliding mode controller design for stability and active power distribution of a twogenerator parallel running system is discussed in this paper .	本文讨论了二代并行运行系统的稳定性和活动功率分布的离散时间滑动控制器设计 。
though more cases were reported by the specific reporting system than the routine system , the problem focus on delayed reporting cases . so , it is needed to perfect...	尽管由特定报告系统报告 , 问题集中于延迟报告案件 , 因此需要完善 。
more than 500 relief agencies are operating in haiti and the skies are filled with aircraft ferrying supplies to portauprince .	海地500多家救援机构正在运营 , 空中充满了飞机发送供应的供应 。
as a kind of ideal transmission medium in the shortdistance communication network , polymer optical fiber has great foreground of development .	聚合物光纤作为短路通信网络的理想传输介质 , 具有很大的发展前景 。
this amerigo accompanied several expeditions to the new world and actually found a great deal of new land in the southern part of the hemisphere .	这个美国与新世界相伴 , 实际上发现了一个很大的新土地 , 在半球南部的一些地区 。
alli alloys is a new type of material of airplane construction which rises recently . it is famous at its low modulus of elasticity .	联盟合金是近年来飞机建设的一种新型材料 , 它是其弹性低模块的著名材料 。
and answer is " it " imperative tool settlement does not provide " emissions " regulations and the environmental protection agency for compliance .	答案是 " 它 " 帝国工具解决不提供 " 排放 " 规定和环保机构的遵守 。
in the fortieth year of the reign of david they were sought for , and there were found among them mighty men of valour at jazer of gilead .	在大卫的王年里 , 他们是为了寻求的 , 他们在吉拉德的杰拉德的杰拉德 , 发现了他们中间有很多人 。
compared with economic strength and practical needs of both sides , bilateral business cooperation enjoys huge development potential .	双边业务合作与经济强度和实际需求相比 , 具有巨大的发展潜力 。
the predominance of positive experiences permits the absorption , integration , and mentalization of the negative segment of experience .	积极经验的优先性允许吸收、集和精神化经验的负段 。
dried fish , dried squid , shells , sea cucumbers , shelled shrimp , dried sea snake , agar , and others .	干鱼 , 干旱 , 干旱 , 壳 , 海卷 , 壳虾 , 干旱的海蛇 , 加糖等 。
with the method of prescribed burning , the effects of burning on leymus chinensis population in inner mongolia steppe were discussed .	结合预烧方法 , 探讨燃烧对内蒙古内蒙古人群的影响 。
when phosphate fertilisers are used in such countries , yields increase but at a high cost to farmers and to the environment , he said .	他说 , 当磷酸盐肥料在这种国家使用时 , 产量增加 , 但在农民和环境的高成本上增加 。
objective to compare the contents of amygdaloside in ephedra decoctions made by using traditional method with that by soaking granules with boiling water .	目的比较采用传统的方法 , 用煮水浸泡颗粒 , 制备氨基达洛肽的含量 。
only , a dynamics model of bridging fiber is built , fracture dynamics problems of composite materials are solved very well .	唯一 , 建立了桥梁纤维的动力学模型 , 解决了复合材料的断裂动力学问题 。
christian dior launched a multimedia photo exhibit in shanghai in midmay , showing off its lady dior line of handbags .	基督教离婚者在上海发射了多媒体照片展 , 展示了手袋的女人离婚线 。
in 2002 , hm king abdullah ii of jordan outlined a strategy to make jordan a regional information technology hub .	2002年 , 约旦国王abdullahi指出了一个策略 , 使约旦一个区域信息技术hordan 。
in your life , be sure to make yourself more magnanimous , for a person like that won't be puzzled with insoluble problems and can be optimistic .	在你的生活中 , 肯定要让自己更加壮观 , 因为一个人喜欢不会被难以置信的问题 , 可能是乐观的 。
art form is an important category in simmel's art thoughts , and is also the expression of aesthetic redeeming in ails .	艺术形式是simmel艺术思想中的一个重要类别 , 也是ails审美复兴的表达 。
as you will be loving for the longhaul , make sure you avoid the friction , pain , and discomfort that can result from working each other raw by using lube .	正如你喜欢长寿 , 确保你避免摩擦 , 痛苦和不舒服 , 这样你可以通过使用卢比来工作彼此原因 。
in some places , one person will play a small gong and sing songs to praise the coming of spring . this person will give a picture of an ox to every household .	在某些地方 , 一个人会玩一首小曲 , 唱歌来赞美春天的歌曲 , 这个人将给每个家庭带来一张牛的图片 。
oh , captain butler , you shouldn't hold me so close . i will be mad if you do ! another dance and my reputation will be lost forever .	哦 , 队长 , 你不应该把我那么紧密 。 如果你做的话 , 另一次舞蹈 , 我的声誉永远会失去 。
in the long span of the chinese history , the descendants of the yellow emperor have been righteously proud of the existence of the outstanding confucius .	在中国历史悠久的时代 , 黄帝的后代人一直自豪地骄傲了孔子的存在 。
his colossus , whose size would be appropriate to a temple or city square , is a young , crouching , barefoot boy .	他的殖民大小将适用于一个寺庙或城市广场 , 是一个年轻的、青春的、青春的男孩 。
the results of landscape index of ndvi patch grades in thousand island lake area reflect the status of the plant communities on them well .	成千岛湖区景观指数的结果反映了植物群落的状况 。
more organic fertilizer can not only improve soil aggregates structure and basic character , but also be propitious to the effect of water and soil coupling .	更有机肥料不仅能改善土壤聚合结构和基本特征 , 而且对水土耦合作用和土壤耦合的影响也具有明显的意义 。
this unique , easy to rinse formula leaves hair soft , smooth and easy to manage with a fresh , light fragrance .	这种独特的 , 很容易干净的配方留下头发柔软 , 光滑 , 容易管理新鲜 , 光折 。
pedrito tried once more to picture his wife and small son , his parents and his relatives , all of whom he felt certain were standing outside .	普里托试图画他的妻子和小儿子 , 他的父母和他的亲戚 , 他感觉到自己的一切都站在外面 。
this paper proposes a threedimension reverse design method of blade based on turbine according to the flow parameters and revolution of pump .	本文提出了一种基于涡轮机流参数和泵革命的三维逆向设计方法 。
it now contains a bouquet of highend boutiques , possibly what mr . beane’s joke about those antiques dealers was alluding to .	它现在包含了一个高端布局 , 可能是beane先生对那些古董商的喜悦 。
when the new trains start running it will only take one and a half hours . that's just a little longer than it takes to eat lunch and have a nap !	当新火车开始运行时 , 它只需要一半小时 , 只需吃午饭 , 就要吃一点点 。
sulzer chemtech was built on innovation and the key to our success continues to be ongoing development of new ideas and concepts .	苏格尔化学是建立创新和我们成功的关键 , 继续发展新的思想和概念 。
however , mscs cocultured with normal hippocampal slices expressed bdnf at a lower level at any times of coculture .	然而 , msc在任何时候都表达了bdnf的低水平 。
of all the fragrances — sandal , tagara , blue lotus and jasmine — the fragrance of virtue is the sweetest .	其中所有的折射都是沙拉、塔加拉、蓝莲和犹太人 , 美德的折射是最甜的 。
company is a foreign investment company under b multicountry company , which belonging to the h steel group , the largest steel enterprise in australia .	公司是一家在多国公司下的外资企业 , 属于钢铁集团 , 澳大利亚最大的钢铁企业 。
according to the hibernate shards documentation , this property is quite expensive and should be turned off in a production environment .	根据hibernate标签文档 , 该属性非常昂贵 , 应该在生产环境下转移 。
uprise shocked regnant group of rome , become acute clique of the noble in curia and the contradiction that civilian sends .	罗马的高度震惊了荣誉团体 , 成为了诺贝利亚诺贝尔州和民事发送的矛盾 。
objective: to study the composition , microstructure and microhardness change of the surface reaction layer of titanium cast with three investments .	目的:探讨钛铸件表面反应层的组成、结构和显微硬度变化 。
metrics tool performance and compatibility the volume of our data overwhelmed our hyperion brio desktop metrics tools .	限制工具性能和兼容性 , 超过我们的超ionbriktopmetm工具 。
literature evaluation: among 3 501 obtained indexes , 35 concerning inclusion criteria were selected for summarized .	文献评价:总结了3501指数之间 , 35项有关包裹标准 。
multiple sizes or alternative facepiece designs can provide the individual with additional options for obtaining a good fit and seal .	多个尺寸或替代面部设计可以为获得良好的配件和密封提供额外选择 。
firstly , according to the news text , the figure is found among urban employees which is to say not include people without a work .	首先 , 根据新闻文本 , 城市员工中发现的数字不包括没有工作的人 。
though wimbourne does not exist in modern britain , there is a wimborne minster a small town on the southern coast of england .	虽然wmbourne并不存在于现代英国 , 但英国南海岸有一个小镇 。
also , to stimulate the economy , the government should back low interest loans . uh , this is for housing , cars , bigticket items .	另外 , 为了刺激经济 , 政府应该回低利贷款 , 这是为房屋、汽车、大市场项目 。
rebooting geronimo will correct the error for one , but then generate the exception again when the database is accessed by the other .	重新启用geronimo将修正错误 , 但是当数据库访问另一个访问时 , 然后再生出异常 。
kate beckinsale , playing a nurse , declares . " before doolittle's raid , americans knew nothing but defeat ; "	凯特·贝金萨尔 , 扮演一名护士 , 宣布说: " 在多利特利的袭击之前 , 美国人知道没有什么可击败 ; "
after analyzing cop cobweb algorithm , an approach for combining background knowledge into category utility was proposed .	在分析cobweb算法的基础上 , 提出了一种结合背景知识的方法 。
the root length , the state of root system , stem height , stem basal diameter , biomass of above and belowground were investigated .	研究根长度、根系状态、茎高度、茎基直径、上下地下生物量 。
a letter believed to be written by mostafaei was posted on the internet on saturday , calling for the release of his relatives .	一封信人相信 , 大多数fai在星期六在互联网上发布 , 称之为他的亲戚发布 。
studies show that the smoking cessation drug such as zyban , available by prescription , helps many people quit without gaining weight .	研究表明 , 吸烟药物如zyban , 可用的吸烟药 , 帮助许多人无法获得体重 。
a total of 12 eligible studies representing 7 of 10 incidence groups in 24 jeendemic countries were identified .	确定了24个犹太国家的10个发生组的12个可敏感研究 。
science and real estate development to determine the size of the supply of land to enhance landuse regulation to stop land hoarding behavior .	科学和房地产开发以确定土地供应规模 , 以提高土地保护行为 。
then the method of combustion heat is employed to distinguish the stability of heat in different crystal modifications of disperse violet hfrl .	然后采用燃烧热法分散紫外线hfrl不同晶体改性的稳定性 。
the doctorial advisor team construction of the doctorial students is vital to the training qualities of the doctorial students .	医生建设学生的医学顾问团队对医生培训质量有重要意义 。
in this paper , a power balancing method is proposed in multiinput multioutput cellular systems , and ber performance is analysed .	本文提出了多输入多输入多输入细胞系统的功率平衡方法 , 并分析了ber性能 。
the clustering technology provides a lowlevel messaging structure which keeps all the nodes in the cluster synchronized .	集群技术提供一个低级消息结构 , 它保持集群同步中的所有节点 。
the flu virus is usually spread in the small droplets of saliva coughed or sneezed into the atmosphere by an infected person .	流感病毒通常被感染者的大气中传播 。
the xml encryption specification lists a number of required and optional cryptographic algorithms including	xml加密规范列出了许多需要和选择的晶格算法包括包括包括的内容 。
jinshun warns mingzhang not to break zhenghong and jiahui up or he would divulge mingzhang's true identity .	金顺警告明章不要打破郑中 , 或者他会分裂明张真实的身份 。
he seemed studiously to seek out all the tender spots in her consciousness so as to inflict on her the cruellest wounds possible .	他似乎学习地寻找她的意识上的所有倾向点 , 这样就要冲击她最可能的伤口 。
research indicated cellular automata modeling technology is one simple effective method to study the dynamic problem of traffic flow .	研究表明 , 细胞自动化建模技术是研究交通流动力学问题的一个简单有效的方法 。
foreigners can apply for chinese driving license using their respective country's drivers license . the information on the same is as shown below .	外国人可以使用各国司机许可证申请中国驱动许可证 , 同时在下面的信息显示 。
the processing of the nonstaple cereals include the processing of oat , buck wheat and barley as well as the preparation of barley malt .	非稳定的谷物加工包括大麦加工、小麦和小麦加工以及制备小麦的制备 。
the chemical industries special ltd . was a successful example that government and merchants cooperated under the special ltd .	化学工业有限公司是一个成功的例子 , 政府和商人合作在特殊有限公司 。
the wave induced seabed liquefaction is a main attributor to forming of the submarine physiognomy in huanghe river delta .	波诱导海洋液化是黄河三角洲潜艇生理学的主要属性 。
the algorithm and the learning rule of the neuron adaptive pid controller for pulp consistency control system are described in this paper .	本文介绍了脉冲一致性控制系统神经元自适应pid控制器的算法和学习规律 。
turnofthecentury elocutionists taught their students how to gesture to communicate specific emotions or messages .	学生如何将特定情绪或消息传播给学生 。
conductivities measured at room temperatures must be corrected if they are to be used for rocks at depths greater than about 1000m .	房间温度测量的导电性必须被修正 , 如果他们被用于岩石的深度超过1000毫米 。
ceramiclined compound copper tube is used in tube mould having excellent service effects and decreasing the production cost of tube blank .	采用陶瓷化合铜管 , 具有优良的服务效果 , 降低管坯生产成本 。
the " he runs , the nobody smiled ...... " yan sen moment turns the facial statement of face for the cordial style form .	" 他跑了 , 没有人笑... " 姚敏时刻转了面对的面部声明 。
some strong seedlings in the first four to five leaves and smoke after the second take ear , born in the removal of the ear was spent .	第一四至五个叶子和烟后 , 出生于耳朵的一些强壮种子 。
this paper presents the development of a new power coil , which is to address the problem of power supply for online monitoring system in high voltage side of transmission lines .	本文提出了一种新的电源线 , 用于高压线路在线监控系统的电源供应问题 。
the retail space in kingkey financial centre in caiwuwei , luohu district , will be launched for prelease shortly .	罗湖区金融中心的零售空间将短期发布 。
on december 15 , i reached an omnibus budget agreement with congress , the last major legislative victory of my eight years .	十五年12月15日 , 我与国会达成了一份omnibus预算协议 , 最后一个八年的立法胜利 。
it has all the benefits related to loosely coupled architecture , such as code reusability , and it also limits the testing effort required .	它与松耦合架构有一定的好处 , 比如代码重用性 , 也限制了要求的测试努力 。
like a person swinging a tennis racket in her right hand , the decay of cobalt 60 has an intrinsic handedness that is reversed by a mirror .	像她右手中的网球球球员一样 , 60年代科尔特的衰退有一个内在的手段 , 被镜子扭转 。
just as in previous seasons there seems to be no real link between the midfield and the attack , and the need for a new trequartista is glaring .	正如以前的季节似乎没有真正的联系 , 中场和攻击的需要是一个新的季节 。
joshua was grateful for god's help . he knew that the israelites would have to fight many battles before they could live happily in their new homeland .	约书亚对上帝的帮助感到欢迎 。 他知道以色列人必须在他们的新家乡幸福之前战斗很多战斗 。
facebook’s ad sales team is now led by carolyn everson , who replaced longtime vp of global sales mike murphy .	facebook的广告销售团队现在由卡罗琳·埃弗伦领导 , 他替代了全球销售迈克·默菲的长期vp 。
at last , we give a example of this model , and analyse some influencing factors of the price of a ratecapped swap with bermudan swaption .	最后 , 给出了该模型的一个例子 , 并分析了一种比率封闭的价格影响因素 。
stars and planets form within swirling clouds of dust and gas that visible light cannot penetrate , but which infrared radiation can .	星球和星球形成的尘埃和气体 , 可见光不能渗透 , 但红外辐射能 。
but as mr . sandman cautions , an impressively documented process only has the appearance of control , thus having only the feel of mitigating risk .	但随着桑德曼先生谨慎 , 印象文件过程只有控制的出现 , 因此只有减轻风险的感觉 。
her life was often regarded as a fairytale and her legendary marriage to baseball great joe dimaggio was the hallmark of this perception .	她的生活经常被视为一个公平的和传奇的婚姻 , 她的传奇婚姻是这个观点的哈拉克 。
through invoking mathematic library and hybrid programming , the numerical results derived on deepcomp 6800 are satisfactory .	通过调查数学图书馆和混合编程 , 得到了深层6800的数学结果 。
at present , the aids " four frees and one care " policy in tianjin full implementation of the national aids in lowprevalence state .	目前 , 天津全面实施国家援助的四项自由和一项关注政策 。
stay positive . don't whine and complain . it gives people a negative impression about your outlook on life and makes people think you are 'grumpy' .	保持积极 , 不要干净抱怨 , 让人们对生活的负面印象 , 让人们认为你是 " 临时 " 。
make a list of things you always wanted to do but couldn't because you were raising your kids . maybe it's writing or learning the piano .	让你总是想做的事情列表 , 但是你不能提高你的孩子 , 也许是写字或学钢琴 。
dubai's al wasl club is expected to make a formal announcement on signing diego maradona as its coach for the next 2 years .	迪拜的阿尔沃尔俱乐部预计下2年签署迪戈·马拉登纳作为教练的正式宣布 。
the guessing problem is troubling because two test takers with same knowledge can end up with different scores or two people with different knowledge levels can end up with same scores .	猜测问题是麻烦的 , 因为两个测试的知识采取者可以结束不同的分数或两个人 , 不同的知识水平可以结束同样的分数 。
while most of us head for shelter when we hear a huge storm coming , one daredevil photographer has made it his job to get as close as he can .	当我们大多数人听到大风暴的时候 , 听到了一位敢德维尔摄影师的工作使得自己的工作更接近 。
i’ll finish this guest post by 11:59pm on august 31 . i know this , because if i don’t , i’ll lose $1 , 000 .	我将于8月31日完成这家客人 , 我知道这件事 , 因为如果我不会失去1 , 000美元 。
the games lost popularity , however , largely due to the growth of cheating and were abolished by emperor theodosius i in 394 ad .	然而 , 由于化学的增长 , 由于我在394年被皇帝的奥多西所废除 。
the analyzing of the dragon image can make people feel interested , because dragon is an image that has a close relation with traditional chinese culture .	龙形象的分析可以使人们感到兴趣 , 因为龙是一种与传统中国文化密切相关的图像 。
it’s is the age old battle ; good versus evil , arrogance versus humility , handsome versus , well not so handsome .	这是古战 ; 善恶 , 勇敢 , 谦卑 , 帅气 , 善良 。
in europa are similar suitable locations for elf transmitters , to be found in areas covered by the baltic and the caledonian shields .	在欧洲 , 同样适合电子传输器的位置 , 由银河和卡伦多尼亚盾牌所覆盖的地区 。
the sun was shining gloriously , so karen and the old lady went along the footpath through the corn , where it was rather dusty .	太阳光亮亮 , 所以凯伦和老太太太太阳沿着玉米穿过脚路 , 那里相当责任 。
in addition to paying for fuel and wearandtear on a fleet vehicle , the plumbing shop needs to cover the time spent traveling to my home .	除了支付燃料和磨损 , 还需要把时间花到我的家里 。
in places where fragile governments cannot assist us and health infrastructure is nonexistent , fighting the poliovirus is costly .	在脆弱的政府不能帮助我们和健康基础设施不存在的地方 , 战争政治病毒的成本 。
he spoke as pickup trucks loaded with fighters headed to the front and the thud of mortar shells was heard at twominute intervals .	他在两分钟的时候听到了摩特尔壳的声音 。
" when i first saw al pacino in the film , i , for the first time in my life , thought that i wanted to be like another person , " he recalled .	他回忆道: " 当我第一次看到阿尔帕奇诺的电影时 , 我第一次在我的生活中第一次 , 我想我想成为另一个人 。 "
tarim basin is a huge superposed basin composed of paleozoic cratonic basin and mesocenozoic foreland basin .	塔里姆盆地是由古生代盆地组成的大型超级盆地 。
background: clusterin has many biological functions , especially the great protection effects on histiocytes in pathological conditions .	背景:集群有许多生物功能 , 尤其是对病理条件下的巨大保护作用 。
chatting on line , students can express their feelings and opinions more freely , and even get help with their foreign language studies .	聊天线 , 学生可以自由表达自己的感觉和意见 , 甚至可以帮助他们的外语研究 。
the second argument is that , even if it never came to war , taiwanwould still be an obstacle to better sinoamerican relations .	第二个论点是 , 即使它从来没有战争 , 台湾uld仍然是更好的中美关系的障碍 。
the problem is , i have never worked in an office setting and i'm not sure how to go about learning etiquette , how to speak appropriately , etc .	问题是 , 我从来没有在办公室设置工作 , 我不确定如何学习礼仪 , 如何适当地讲话 。
secondly , it proves the academic feasibility of wrh by establishing mathematical model and using the method of comparative analysis .	其次 , 通过建立数学模型 , 证明wrh的学术可行性 , 并采用比较分析方法 。
how to become hostages escape , agent after school also pay special attention to training " spy " and " videotape likes agent .	如何成为主持人逃离 , 学校后代理也特别注意培训 " spy " 和 " 视频tape喜欢代理 。
in this paper , a company formed through a mcgs one to more than mode of remote monitoring network for monitoring the work of the satellite transmitter .	本文通过一个mcgs的远程监控网络 , 用于监测卫星传输器工作 。
mr . garcía fumes . he would like to see the bankers he considers responsible for the country’s problems taxed and prosecuted .	加里亚先生 。 他希望看到银行家 , 考虑考虑对国家税收问题的责任 。
romans8:32 he who did not spare his own son , but gave him up for us all how will he not also , along with him , graciously give us all things ?	罗马斯8:32他没有空间自己的儿子 , 但他为我们提供了自己的儿子 , 和他一起 , 感谢地给我们所有东西吗 ?
in practical terms , the west bank has been increasingly separated from east jerusalem , which is still the most populous palestinian city .	实际上 , 西岸已逐渐从东耶路撒冷分离 , 这仍然是巴勒斯坦最流行的城市 。
and catch my second software raid article , in which we'll take a look at some more advanced software raid functionality and raid1 .	接收第二个软件raid文章 , 我们将采取更先进的软件raid功能和raid1 。
daily a voice would sound in his head , and his mind's voice would respond with an answer , while he labored at his endless task .	每天的声音会在他的头上听起来 , 心里的声音会响应答答案 , 同时他在无尽的任务上劳动 。
the present petroleum exploration has trended from structural reservoirs to lithologic and stratigraphic reservoirs .	目前石油勘探从构造储层到岩性和岩性储层中趋势 。
for example , the meridian pertaining to the kidney is named the kidney meridian , and the rest may be deduced by analogy .	举个例子 , 肾上腺的meridian被命名为肾上腺 , 其余部分可能由模拟产生 。
outside of beaujolais this variety hasn't been very successful but it is cultivated in the loire valley and california .	除了本品种外 , 本品种并不成功 , 但它在伦敦和加利福尼亚州培养 。
david took the philistine's head and brought it to jerusalem , and he put the philistine's weapons in his own tent .	大卫拿着哲学家的头 , 把它带到耶路撒冷 , 他把哲学家的武器放在自己帐篷里 。
the algorithm satisfies the needs of the new character nc machining technique that generates the tool path by the character skeleton .	算法满足了基于字符骨架生成工具路径的新特征nc加工技术的需要 。
if such sale was effected without cent by the trustor , and the trusteetrader made up the deficiency on its own , it is binding on the trustor .	如果这样的销售效果没有中心 , 那么信任者在自己的缺陷上制造了缺陷 , 那么它正在绑定在车辆上 。
although data is sent synchronously , the protocol provides for resending messages lost during network transmission .	尽管同步发送数据 , 但协议在网络传输过程中提供依赖消息 。
when the temperature condition is favourable but soil water content is low , the development process is prolonged , and the survival rate is decreased .	当温度条件良好时 , 土壤水含量低 , 发展过程延长 , 生存率降低 。
the physiological state of a vessel is the state of loading physiological pressure in vivo and the zerostress state in vitro .	血管生理状态是体外加载生理压力的状态和体外零应力状态 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowd was busy at handshaking .	轻视葡萄酒 , 优雅混合香味 , 笑着面包 , 人群在手休息 。
to the extent that state subsidies are cut and privatisation increases , more work often devolves on people who must do that work without pay .	因此 , 国家补贴是削减私有化的 , 越来越多的工作往会导致那些没有付款的人 。
come back ? " the gold xiao xiao suddenly asks a , the tone is cold , but takes the idea of forcing for several pence . "	回来吗 ? " 金小晓突然问a , 吨子冷了 , 但要求几个坑子的想法 。 "
clearly determined to look his best , the well turnedout mammal spent a long time carefully checking the rest of his fur for any dirt .	明确的决心看他最好的 , 幸运的哺乳动花了很长的时间 , 仔细检查他剩下的四分之一 。
modern paintings were impressed by the variety of painting and performance of the various kinds of methods in chinese painting found in the selfexpression .	现代绘画在我国绘画中发现的各种各样的方法印象 。
last week , the government published online information and leaflets aimed at persuading pregnant women to have the vaccine .	上周 , 政府发布了网上信息和叶片 , 旨在说服怀孕妇有疫苗 。
what legal obligations do aggregators of foaf information have under the dataprotection law in the jurisdiction under which they operate ?	福叶信息的法律义务是否经营哪些法律保护法 ?
we spread the blankets inside , and ate our dinner there . soon it got dark and began to rain . the wind blew hard , too .	我们在那里散开了毯子 , 吃我们的晚餐 , 很快就有黑暗 , 开始雨 , 风吹得很难 。
most analysis for rock slope stability have dealt with singlefaced slopes with a planar surface of a constant strike .	大多数岩石坡稳定性分析 , 随着恒震的平面表面 。
the oxfordeducated bachelor was sworn in during an ancient buddhist ritual in a palace overlooking the thimphu valley .	牛津教育馆在古佛教仪式过程中被扫过 , 忽视了imphu谷 。
the program also introduced occasional mutationsand randomness , on the off chance that one of them might produce an accidentalgenius .	这个程序还引入了偶尔突变随机性 , 其中一个可能产生意外性基因 。
stirfried noodle:put it in boiling water until the hard core is vanished , then stirfrying with meat pieces or eggs .	搅拌面条:煮水 , 直到硬核 , 然后用肉片或蛋搅拌 。
the atime is the last access time of a file , and each time a file is accessed , the underlying file system must record this timestamp .	ime是文件的最后访问时间 , 每次访问文件 , 下面文件系统必须记录这个时间戳 。
meanwhile , high temperature zones reduced gradually until fire extinguishments along with the vaporization of water mists .	同时 , 高温区逐步降低 , 直到火灾灭火 , 随着水雾的蒸发 。
while this type of unauthorized computer intrusion is clearly against the law , the fight against ratting is a challenge .	虽然这类不授权的计算机侵入明显反对法律 , 但对大鼠的战斗是挑战 。
the higher the proportion of stateowned shares , the fewer the financing bounds , the smaller the influence of the cash flow on investment .	国有股的比例越高 , 融资界越少 , 现金流动对投资的影响越小 。
" i propose that we undertake a joint review of nato's and russia's common threats and challenges , " he said .	他说: " 我建议我们承担北约和俄罗斯共同威胁和挑战的联合审查 。 "
after hydrolytic lactalbumin was added into media , the vitrified seedlings reduced , but the contamination rate was always very high .	加入水解乳蛋白后 , 纤维种子降低 , 但污染率总高 。
these hydrolysates yielded the meaty flavoring necessary to make these rapidcooking soups , meaty and so enticing .	这些水解产生了肉类味的必要性 , 使这些快餐汤 , 肉类等激励 。
recommended dishes include hakka style brewed bean curd , steamed egg with shrimp , and shrimp dumpling .	建议菜包括haka风格的豆腐 , 蒸煮蛋 , 虾和虾饺 。
frequency downshift and upshift of microwaves reflected by laserinduced plasma were detected in the experiments .	研究了激光诱导等离子体反射微波的频下移和转移 。
rubbish collectors are following behind the procession picking up discarded bottles , bound to be making a big fortune today .	垃圾收藏者随后采取废弃的瓶子 , 今天有大量财富 。
please accept my sincerely congratulations on your success . i hope letters reporting greater success arrive thick and fast !	请接受你成功的诚挚祝贺 , 我希望记者更成功到达厚快 !
in beijing, up to 150 police were posted along roads around the zhongnanhai leadership compound in beijing last night .	在北京 , 上半夜 , 中南领导复合物沿着150名警察发布 。
yes , that's a memorable scene in one of my favorite movies , called gorillas in the mist , based on a true story of mrs .	是的 , 这是我最喜欢的电影之一 , 叫gorillas , 基于真正的故事 。
this equipment is extensive to used for food processing plant , food warehouse etc . unit tidies up to go to miscellaneous .	本设备广泛用于食品处理厂、食品仓库等 。 单位倾向于错误 。
founded in1540 , campeche was frequently sacked by buccaneers in the17th century . population , 128 , 434 .	成立于1540年 , 在17世纪 , 卡佩奇经常被buccaneers吸引 , 人口128 , 434 。
the implementation and application of the technology have accumulated experiences for constructing oil and gas storages in other area in our country .	我国建设油气储存的实施和应用已经积累了经验 。
chapter four analyzes the characteristics of university faculty assessment mechanism in jiangsu since the new century .	第四章从新世纪以来江苏大学教师评价机制的特点分析 。
the other names of this dog are chinese pug , dutch bulldog , dutch mastiff , mini mastiff and its country of origin is china .	这条狗的另一个名字是中国的葡萄 , 荷兰大豆 , 荷兰大豆 , 米尼·马斯菲夫和其它国家是中国 。
a new singlecore and doublewinding magnetic field sensor prepared from cobased amorphous ribbon was studied .	研究了一种基于co基于无形肋骨制备的单核和双赢磁场传感器 。
let’s admit it—the economy in america is still terrible and it is incredibly difficult to find a job nowadays .	让我们承认 , 美国经济仍然是可怕的 , 而且很难找到工作 。
ltg cross flow quench airconditioning and its control method were introduced . some modifying opinions on the existing problems were put forward .	介绍了ltg跨流空调控制方法及其控制方法 , 提出了一些修改现有问题的意见 。
the research objects of this thesis are underachievers in junior high school . the research starts by studying underachievers'psychological problems .	本论文的研究对象是高中生理学问题研究的基础上 。
objective:to investigate the relationship of " dysfunction of the spleen in transport " with gastrointestinal enterocrine cells .	目的:探讨脾 " 功能不足 " 与胃肠肠细胞的关系 。
some consumers buy organically grown foods because they believe the products are healthier , tastier and better for the environment .	一些消费者有机增长食品 , 因为他们相信产品是健康、味道和更好的环境 。
in this work the dynamic response of an fpso to slamming loads in extreme waves was studied by experimental method .	通过实验方法研究了fpso在极波中滑动载荷的动态响应 。
worldwide data losses now represent us$40 billion in losses to affected companies and individuals each year , dewalt says .	德沃尔说 , 世界范围的数据损失现在代表了我们每年损失40亿美元的损失 , 以影响企业和个人 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowed was busy at handshaking .	轻视葡萄酒 , 优雅混合香味 , 笑着面包的笑着 , 人群在手上忙着 。
the different population structures of abies yuanbaoshanensis in different associations reflected the process of succession of community .	不同协会人口结构反映了社区继承过程 。
as it is appeared in the log , that getname method signature is not matching to the wsdl or application servergenerated mapping xml .	正如在日志中出现的 , getname方法签名不匹配wsdl或应用服务器生成映射xml 。
the application data section contains the actual data sent from one program to another , and its content and structure are defined by the applications that use it .	应用程序数据部分包含从一个程序发送到另一个程序中 , 其内容和结构由使用它的应用程序定义 。
east region and nka controlled pw% very well and keep it within year target and also achieve or over 100% ytd gs target !	东部和nka控制的pw%非常好 , 保持它在年内的目标 , 也可以达到或超过100%的ytdgs目标 !
we need to be mind and body becoming one if the mind can be into the inside of a cell and can penetrate the membrane of a cell intentionally .	我们需要心灵和身体 , 如果心脏可以进入细胞内 , 就可以渗透细胞的膜 。
brucellosis in sera of 710 samples of milk goats was detected by the application of spa elisa in comparison with sat and cft .	采用sat和cft对710种乳谷样品进行了比较 。
the effect of inkwash in oriental paintings , and its use of lines for spatial delineation are augmented in this work to gain new philosophy .	介绍了墨水在东方绘画中的作用 , 以及利用空间定义的线索 , 提高了新哲学的应用 。
they may point down to your shoe and say , “your shoelace is untied . ” if you believe them and look down to see , you are an april fool then .	他们可能会指着你的鞋子 , 说: " 你们的鞋子不够 。 " 如果你相信他们 , 看看 , 你是四月的愚蠢 。
she compulsively or inadvertently places herself at the apex of triangulated relationships and fails to see the pain she causes in the process .	她坚决或不愿意地把自己放在三角关系的尖端上 , 并未能看到她在过程中造成痛苦 。
conclusion: the main activity of phospholipids on phospholipids complex is to promote the absorption of the cell .	结论:磷脂复合物的主要活性是促进细胞吸收 。
cognition software engineering is a subject of application and theory , which needs both high technology and lots of experience from jobs .	认知软件工程是应用和理论的一个主题 , 需要高科技和大量工作经验 。
confidence and arrogance is little different , but there are worlds apart . in particular , i hope i can instead of selfsufficiency .	信心和傲慢不一样 , 但有世界离开 , 尤其是 , 我希望我不能自足 。
this year the weak economic has admission's officer's nervous that some families may not be able to paid for colleges as planed .	今年疲弱的经济承认了一些家庭可能不能支付大学的紧张性 。
the officers open the trunk of their patrol car and pull out what looks like a toy model aircraft with four rotors and a video camera .	警察打开了巡逻车的链接 , 然后把看起来像一个玩具模型飞机和一个视频摄像机 。
cherubic and deceptively guileless , she used " humour as a dodge , intimacy as a smoke screen " , ms salomon notes .	她用 " 幽默 " 作为一种吸烟屏幕 " , 萨洛蒙先生注意到 。
the miser overheard this . he rushed out and shouted angrily at the servant , " who gave you permission to make promises for me ? "	错误听到这一点 , 他突然喊出来 , " 谁给我许可的承诺吗 ? "
dee , sam , ellie linda and ian have promised , if necessary , to carry me on board the balloon . i cannot miss this .	死亡 , 萨姆 , 琳达和安娜承诺 , 如果必要的话 , 要把我带到球板上 , 我不能错过这个 。
" if sex is something quite different from love , as you seem to say , then is there any necessity at all to do anything about sex ? " asked the young man .	" 如果性别与爱相比 , 就像你说的那样 , 那么你就有什么必要的事情呢 ? " 年轻人问 。
i made clear to her how laughable would have been the waywardness of english spelling but for the tragic compulsion we were under to cram it for our examinations .	我清楚她的笑容是英语语语言的道路 , 但对于我们考试的悲剧抱怨 , 我们正在考虑它 。
check out what your daughter is reading or watching and discuss it with her . encourage her to talk about and question what she's seen or heard .	检查你的女儿正在阅读或观察 , 并与她讨论它 , 鼓励她谈论她看到或听到什么问题 。
follow the documents work as per national filing regulations and shanghai regulations , to classify , rank and identify documents .	按照文件作为每个国家文件规定和上海规定 , 分类、排名和识别文件 。
often impulsive , occasionally overeager , danny had to learn to be patient before he could become skilled in the ways of the long con .	经常冲动 , 偶尔超越 , 丹尼必须在长途中学到患者之前才能成为病人 。
the tense man sitting in the pilot's seat swung the plane into the wind and soon they were in the air , though flying erratically .	飞行员坐在飞机座位上 , 很快他们正处在空中 , 尽管飞机在飞机上飞 。
for long time china paid attention mainly to small leaf tea and neglected the large leaf ones , the tea output and export have decreased day by day .	长期以来 , 中国重视小叶茶 , 忽视了大叶子 , 茶输出和出口日益减少 。
in the long long night of endless , much like they have a sweet dream , even if the moment of quiet sleep , but can not do , which is insomnia .	在长夜里 , 就像他们有一个甜蜜的梦想 , 即使安静的睡眠时刻 , 却不能做 , 这是失眠的 。
" all this is leading to a lot of bitterness , " said sheikh manzoor ahmed , editor of an indian urdu news agency .	" 所有这些都导致了很多苦难 , " 印度urdu新闻机构的编辑sikhmanzoorahmed说 。
bachelor degree in biochemistry , biology , medicine , or related science with minimum of 5 years of related experience .	生物化学、生物学、药物学、相关科学和有关经验的最少5年 。
conclusion:the method is a little damage , bleeding . it is a safe and handy method during thyroidectomy for manifest thyroid .	结论:甲状腺切除术中甲状腺切除术是一种安全、处理方法 。
they may also reside on the world wide web , which is the mediarich component of the international communication network known as the internet .	他们也可以在世界广泛的网络上留下 , 这是国际通信网络的媒体组成部分 。
the implementing of transmission line nonsetting protection based on twoterminal information and singleterminal information are included in the paper .	介绍了基于双端信息和单端信息的传输线非传输保护的实现 。
he lives a simple and fragul life . he is indifferent to money and lust . he always missed dining time because of his work .	他住了一个简单又脆弱的生活 , 因他的工作而他总是错过吃饭时间 。
last year , san francisco's board of governors passed a local law banning the use of the chemical in children's products .	去年 , 旧金山州的董事会通过当地法禁止在儿童产品中使用化学品 。
therefore , luo yin is a late tang not allow to neglect writer , its poem obvious region has by the tang to song transition trace .	因此 , 罗宁是一个晚唐不允许忽视作家 , 它的诗歌明显的地区已被唐变为歌曲传统轨迹 。
chelsea was reminded of our roots on monday when sue mears , the great granddaughter of the club's founder paid us a visit .	切尔西星期一被提醒我们的根本 , 俱乐部创始人支付我们一次访问 。
but see , this is just exactly what's wrong with the whole system the nursing home doctors unload this gomer on us because they're unable to treat him...	但看 , 这只是与整个系统的护理医生在我们身上卸下的错误 , 因为他们不能处理他...
objective to evaluate the rodenticide control efficacy of diphacinena salt for a test field and bromadiolone for b test field in camping area .	目的评价二氯纳盐对营区b试验领域的耐药防治效果 。
the greater the wind , for the first time this year , wrapped up in the wind to hear the mournful whistle , dry leaves a crowded fall .	今年第一次 , 风吹起了风 , 听到了蒙亮的风声 , 干燥的树叶落下了 。
hughes promised to continue to build the “shared connections” that bring together people who want to live in peace and freedom .	胡锦涛承诺继续建立 " 闪烁的连接 " , 这使得人们共同希望生活在和平和自由的人们 。
for china , at this time , the national revolution was going on among warlords . the actions of imperialism in china were no longer unfettered .	对于中国来说 , 国民革命将在战争中发挥 , 中国帝国主义的行动也不完美 。
today , i have slept for 14 hours . i thought i was very tired . it was time for dinner . i must go ! i am very hungry .	今天 , 我睡了14小时 , 我觉得我很累 , 吃饭时间很累 , 我必须去 ! 我非常饥饿 。
a leading statesman and presidential aspirant , clay's political intuition earned him the nickname " the great compromiser . "	一个领先的州长和总统阿司匹克 , 克莱的政治直觉赢得了他 " 伟大的承诺者 " 。
witch : i know what do you want to do , you're a silly girl . however , my dear , i can help you so that your dream can come true .	维奇:我知道你想做什么 , 你是个愚蠢的女孩 。 但是 , 我亲爱的 , 我可以帮助你们的梦想可以真的 。
thirdly , treatment of spoken and written examples of the most common words is obviously unbalanced in ldoce3 .	第三 , 在ldoce3中 , 最常见的词的处理和写例子显然不平衡 。
whenever i took the 7 train from flushing , i was always trying to interpret the chinese characters on the newspaper people reading beside me .	每当我从流水中采取7列训练时 , 我总是试图解释中国人物在我身边阅读的报纸上读的文字 。
while the worst of the price drops appear to be over , home values nationwide are expected to show tiny gains if any throughout 2010 .	虽然价格下跌的最糟糕 , 但在2010年的任何情况下 , 国内价值都会显示小增益 。
if wordofmouth proves effective , american express could engage in viral marketing campaigns designed to create " buzz " .	如果词汇证明了有效的话 , 美国表达可以从事病毒营销活动的设计来创建 " buzz " 。
lionel messi is " playing a kickabout with jesus " but must not make the wrong choices , diego maradona said today .	今天 , 迪戈·马拉登娜说 , 狮子梅西 " 与耶稣玩了一个踢球 " , 但不要做错的选择 。
if you want to change the name of a samba server to something other than the unix name of the server , use the netbios name parameter .	如果您想要改变sammba服务器的名称 , 那么使用netbios名称参数 。
the new ipod nano , starting at $149 , comes with an fm receiver and pedometer in addition to the builtin video camera .	新ipod纳米 , 开始149美元 , 另外一个fm接收器和pedometer , 除了构建视频摄像机 。
but swedish newspapers have suggested that the birds had been pecking at salt on the road when they were run over by a passing lorry .	但瑞典报纸提示 , 当他们经过耶和华的时候 , 鸟儿们一直在吃盐 。
to measure any physiological differences , researchers euthanized certain individuals from each group to study their brain tissues .	为了测量任何生理差异 , 研究人员将某些个人从每个组中提高脑组织学习 。
the english language was first written in the anglosaxon futhorc runic alphabet , in use from the 5th century .	英语是第一本来自5世纪使用的英语语语言 。
and we have a shared obligation to ensure that the federal courts have enough judges to hear those cases and deliver timely rulings .	我们有一个共享的义务 , 以确保联邦法院有足够的法官听到这些案件和交付时间规则 。
the visitors' center and the museum provide information about the history of the culture of the ancient pueblo people and about presentday indians .	游客中心和博物馆提供了关于古代普拉布罗人民文化史和今天印度人民的信息 。
its emperor dances to the tune of a halfvandal general , its powerless senators idle on vast , poorlymanaged estates .	它的皇帝舞蹈是半民族总体的 , 它的无力参议员在巨大、贫困管理的房地产上身份 。
the total mk and type 4 mk levels in both central veins and peripheral arteries rose significantly during cpb .	在cpb期间 , 中央静脉和外周动脉总mk和4mk水平明显升高 。
it is a very special pleasure for me to have this occasion to publicly express my deep admiration and appreciation for grigori perelman .	对于我来说 , 公开表达了我的深入欣赏和欣赏 。
other helpful steps include asking for help from others , using humor , learning to be assertive , and practicing problem solving and time management .	其他有帮助步骤包括帮助别人 , 使用幽默 , 学习是否定性的 , 以及实践问题解决和时间管理 。
" this bill misses the mark because it unavoidably leads to higher energy costs for businesses and consumers , " says harman .	哈曼说: " 这项法案错过标志 , 因为它不可避免导致企业和消费者的能源成本更高 。 "
see <wasce_home>/var/directory/server . xml for the configuration properties used by the directory server .	查看<wascehome>/var/目录/服务器.xml用于目录服务器使用的配置属性 。
try it out next time you need to drive your car . cover your left nostril with your thumb and breathe only through your right nostril for one minute .	下一次你需要驱动你的车 , 用拇指和呼吸你的右鼻 。
the accident taught them two lessons , they say . no matter how safe the ship , the most mundane human error can sink it .	他们说 , 事故教他们两个教训 , 无论如何安全 , 最多的百万人错误可以破坏它 。
the report a month ago was that second quarter growth was even slower than sharply revised forecasts , coming in at only 2 . 4% .	本月前报告显示 , 第二季增长速度甚至比较快速修复预测 , 至少2.4% 。
customer value need will appear netlike in the future and companies should play the role as both agent and integrator of customer value...	客户价值需要在未来和公司中出现网络 , 应当扮演客户价值的代理和集成 。
a cup or plate that , according to medieval legend , was used by jesus at the last supper and that later became the object of many .	根据中世纪传奇所使用的一杯或盘 , 被耶稣在最后一个供应商使用 , 后来成为许多对象 。
in the end , i send them out with a long shopping list , set the timer on my phone to go off in ten minutes and drag colin upstairs .	最后 , 我把他们送出了一个长期的购物列表 , 设置了电话上十分钟的时间 , 拖着彩色上楼 。
anyway , offyear in ah , wish the family is in this year , we can health more happiness of life together is good , not too right , all right .	无论如何 , 离年期 , 希望家庭在今年 , 我们可以一起健康生活的幸福是好的 , 不对的 , 对的 。
mr aliev told msnbc: " we really can hide objects . . . . we can switch for a short moment and make it disappear .	艾利夫先生告诉msnbc: " 我们真的可以隐藏对象 。 我们可以换一段短时刻 , 使它消失 。
one of the unique characters in the implementation of russian ecology law is that russian ecosocial groups play a major role .	俄罗斯生态法实施的独特特性之一是俄罗斯生态群体扮演重要角色 。
the data was statistically analyzed using frequencies , means , reliability , and gap theory with spss 15 . 0 and excel 2003 .	利用频率、可靠性和空间隙理论 , 统计分析了sps15.0和excel2003 。
singer celine dion is suing a us supermarket tabloid for $20m over a report which claimed she was pregnant with twins .	一份报告称她怀孕了2000万美元的美国超市标签 。
and he would not move until he was sure his men were ready . mcclellan's plan was to put his army on boats in the potomac river .	直到他确保他的男人准备好了 , 麦克莱兰的计划是把他的军队放在波马克河上 。
for power distributing , a power scaling plan has been given for this specific a/d converter , achieving good tradeoff between power , area and performance .	对于电力分布 , 给出了一个特定的a/d转换器 , 实现了电力、区域和性能良好的贸易 。
in music teaching , case teaching can be infiltrated into theory teaching and combined with the practice of music class teaching .	在音乐教学中 , 例如教学可以渗入理论教学 , 结合音乐课堂教学实践 。
this is why the ireland coffee cup is more heatproof than general glass cup , and have the linear reason in color in two golds .	这就是为什么爱尔兰咖啡杯比普通玻璃杯更加热 , 而且在两个金色中有线性的原因 。
these sweeteners are considered safe in moderation so talk with your health care provider about how much nonnutritive sweetener is acceptable during pregnancy .	这些瑞典人被认为是安全的 , 所以在怀孕期间 , 你的健康保健提供者谈论了多少非营养性的瑞典人员 。
results:it could prevent iatrogenic tumorcell spreading and local seeding through the nontumor technique cooperation at operation strictly .	结果:通过严格的非肿瘤技术合作 , 可以防止血原肿瘤传播和局部种子 。
the paper presented a plan of twodimensional servo four color pattern identification , and its boundary treatment techniques , wh .	本文提出了一种双维伺服四色图识别的方案 , 以及其边界处理技术 。
a joint sourcechannel decoding scheme implemented by simultaneously decoding and updating parameters based on hmm is proposed .	提出了一种基于hm的同时解决和更新参数实现的连接源通道解码方案 。
several activators were investigated and evaluated to substitute uop's activator act1 used in benfield process for co2 removal .	研究了几个激活器在co2去除过程中使用的欧洲激活器act1进行替代评价 。
so far as " badila " planted in summer was concerned , the number of effective stem and yield were not markedly related to the sowing norm .	迄今为止 , 夏季种植的 " 巴迪拉 " 被关注 , 有效干干扰和产量的数量并不明显相关的苗条规范 。
like " romance of three kingdoms " in the liu bei , the original selling straw sandals , but later to organize the uprising conquer .	就像 " 三王国 " 的浪漫 , 原卖草砂 , 但后来组织上升后果 。
chaban electronics ltd is a foreign buyer from israel , need to purchase products of telecommunications etc . categories .	chban电子有限公司是一家来自以色列的买家 , 需要购买产品类别包括电信等 。
we have overcompensated for the lack of customer focus in traditional methodologies—by giving control of prioritization to the product owner/manager .	对于传统方法学缺乏客户来说 , 为了对产品所有者/经理的优先化控制 。
when both pieces were finished , arachne saw , to her surprise , that she had been beaten , for the goddess ' design was infinitely superior .	当两块都被完成时 , 阿拉克看见她惊讶的时候 , 她已经被打败了 , 因为上帝的设计是不错的 。
the silts dredged from ocean , lake and river always have different clay contents which lead to different strength of solidified silts .	由海洋、湖泊和河流的淤积总有不同的粘土含量 , 导致不同强度的土壤含量 。
provincial health department as requested in the provincewide establish and improve maternal and child aids prevention and control system block .	省卫生部要求建立并提高妇女和儿童援助和控制系统块 。
professional: a member of national pest control association of america and china mouse and sanitary pest damage prevention and control association .	专业:美国国家森林控制协会的成员和中国鼠和卫生虫害预防和控制协会 。
'juhuanao' and 'nanjing yeju' are potential parents in chrysanthemum breeding for small inflorescences .	" 湖南 " 和 " 南京玉 " 是克里桑菌种的潜在父母 。
in some cases the salesclerks had just sold the students a pair of shoes — in which they might well have a genuine smile of satisfaction .	在某些情况下 , 销售员只卖了一双鞋子 , 这些鞋子可能有一个真正的笑容 。
the main work and achievements are listed as follows:1 ) selfturnoff pulsewidth modulation for oled grayscale controlling .	主要工作和成果列为以下:1 ) 自我nof脉冲宽调制为旧灰度控制的自我调制 。
made the supplementation , incorporation , modification and necessary deletion of the tabular forms for technical document of construction completion .	为建设完成技术文档提供了补充、配置、修改和必要删除 。
" the only one with the power to unify the party that has grown hugely is ozawa , " said democratic party lawmaker akihisa nagashima .	民主党议员akihisanaghima说: " 唯一与权力统一党的统一是ozawa 。 "
that is , 30hour chunks of data which require a search of a spindown parameter as well as sky position . but nothing is set in stone .	这是30小时的数据 , 需要搜索脊柱参数和天空位置 , 但没有在石头上设置 。
it is unforecasted to know a series of consequences the greenhouse effects may bring about , but the socalled benefits are little to count .	不预测温室效应可能带来一系列后果 , 但所谓的利益很少 。
systemicfunctional linguistics and psycholinguistics are considered as two greatly influential linguistic theories in the twentieth century .	二十世纪的系统功能语言学和心理学作为两大影响语言学理论 。
lannes was speaking on saturday at a conference on luxury goods organized by the china europe international business school in shanghai .	上海欧洲国际商学院举办的一次会议上 , 兰恩斯星期六在上海举行的奢侈品会上发表讲话 。
and jesus , immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him , turned him about in the press , and said , who touched my clothes ?	耶稣 , 立刻知道 , 美德从他身边走出来 , 把他转到新闻中 , 说 , 谁碰到我的衣服呢 ?
" baitullah mehsud is now taking on the americans , " said talat masood , a retired pakistani general turned analyst .	" 巴特拉·梅苏德现在正在美国人采取 , " 一名退休巴基斯坦总体分析师说 。
one of the principles of access to nutrients can not make zengpang food , prunes , raisins , and other worthy when this task .	营养成分的一个原则之一 , 不能使ngpang食品、橡胶、提升和其他值得这一任务 。
" we just need to stress that to people who drink and drive can really cause a lot of heartaches for families and we need to stop that , " said woodridge .	伍德里奇说: " 我们只需要强调饮料和驱动的人 , 才能真正引起很多家庭的心脏障碍 , 我们需要停止这一点 。 "
speaking to reporters , mr . obama said he would devote new energy to diplomacy and other nonmilitary aspects of u . s . global power .	奥巴马先生对记者说 , 他将把新的能源推向外交和其他非军事方面的全球力量 。
the inspiration to china is to pay attention to role of strategic oil reserve , to increase exploration input and pluralize the oil impo...	中国的激励是关注战略石油储备的作用 , 增加勘探输入 , 增加油藏的作用 。
it is characterized by extracapsular invasion , metastasis to the cervical lymph nodes or distant organs and histopathological atypia .	它是由额外侵袭、转移到宫颈淋巴节点或远端器官和组织病理atypia 。
the frasnian is a critical time interval for understanding paleodiversity variation before the devonian frasnianfamennian mass extinction event .	佛兰尼亚是理解巴勒多样性变化的关键时间间隔 。
this paper first introduced the concept of the teacherstudent interaction and the basic characteristics of the interaction between teachers and students about to find out .	本文首先介绍了教师互动的概念及教师与学生之间的基本特点 。
such cellar recognition events are common to cancer , allergy , viral infection , inflammation , and autoimmune disease .	这种细胞识别事件通常用于癌症、过敏、病毒感染、炎症和自身免疫疾病 。
canfield , c . ed . report of the lst international ecocity conference , urban ecology and cerro gordo town forum . 1990 .	加菲尔德 , 罗斯国际社会会议的报道 , 城市生态学和高尔多论坛 。 1990年 。
my parents and me begin to have breakfast in the " pudong " airport after we meet with leader of this journey . we take photo with all accompaniers .	我的父母和我开始吃早餐 , 在我们会见这次旅程的领导人之后 , 我们将照片和所有伴侣一起 。
the index is a value between 0 and 100 , where 100 indicates a lightly loaded server , and 0 is a heavily loaded server .	指数是0和100之间的值 , 其中100指数显示一个轻装载服务器 , 而0是一个重载服务器 。
the effects of recasting on the cv were compared , through directly calculating the castability values of each generation of non ? precious ceramic alloy .	通过直接计算各代非均匀性陶瓷合金的稳定性值 。
theoretical analysis and numerical result showed that bifuselage layout was in advantage of single one in view of structure .	理论分析和数值结果表明 , 单个结构的布局优于单个结构 。
the natural tightly connection between chaos and fracture is due to the infinite similarities of strange attractor of chaotic dynamic system .	混沌动力学系统的奇异吸引器之间的自然紧密连接是由于混沌动力学系统的无限相似性 。
in addition , it still needs longer follow up to evaluate whether adjuvant chemotherapy can take the place of postoperative radiotherapy .	此外 , 它还需要更长的跟踪 , 以评估适应化疗是否可以采取手术放射治疗的位置 。
castles and crown golden ...wood and hermit thrush , a type of " bird , " more " than " any program on the horizon retraining .	" 鸟类 " 、 " 鸟类 " 、 " 鸟类 " 以及 " 水平约 " 的任何项目 。
the company has importexport trade right , and can provide the overall solution of ship automation system and information system for users at home and abroad and corresponding product .	本公司具有进口贸易权 , 可为国内外和相应产品提供全面解决方案 。
this same problem has been seen in the disputes where the propagation ministry of the central government would be made under the executive yuan jurisdiction .	同样的问题是 , 中央政府的传播部将在执行元法下制定 。
a great festival would be held , called the yuletide , and a special feast would be served around a fire burning with the yule log .	一个伟大的节日将被举行 , 称为yuletide , 一个特别的节日将会在燃烧玉勒日志上燃烧 。
this article is the first in a series that will take an updated look at wordnet 2 . 0 and how it can be used with xml and rdf technology .	本文是第一系列将采取更新的视图2.0 , 以及如何使用xml和rdf技术 。
and it was a welcome break for lakers fans , whose defending twotime champions stumbled into the weekend with three losses in a row .	这是湖人球迷的欢迎 , 他们的防守两次冠军在周末结束了三场损失 。
or at least that's the case according to a majority of americans and britons polled in a new survey by language app babbel .	或至少根据大多数美国人和英国人在语言应用babel调查中调查的一项新的调查 。
there are some who will try to pervert this precedent and use xenophobia or nativist arguments to say that every country should be held to the same standard .	有些人会尝试转换这个前辈 , 使用xenophobia或者海军主义争论来说 , 每个国家都应该被举行到同一标准 。
for example , if a build suite of 8 , 000 automated test cases generates 600 failures , are you realistically able to handle this ?	例如 , 如果一个建立了8 , 000个自动测试案例生成600个失败 , 您实际上能处理这个 ?
such collaborators could hardly claim a substantial share of the authorship but they would have welldefined tasks , not interfering with other men's work .	这样的合作者几乎不能声称权威的实质份额 , 但他们将有很好的任务 , 不会干扰其他男性的工作 。
when liberty goes too far and the voice of social equality arises in the social reality , the system can and should tilts in favor of equality ;	当自由太远 , 社会平等的声音发生在社会现实中 , 系统可以和应该倾向于平等 ;
decanter also noted that china is already moët’s biggest market for its hennessy cognac , and that the champagne market on the mainland is growing each year .	决定者还注意到 , 中国已经为其亨利·哥哥哥哥哥哥纳克最大的市场 , 而且在大陆的香槟市场每年增长 。
the best of america's skaters beamed for the camera . mostly young , they laughed and giggled , their eyes dancing with excitement .	美国最好的滑雪者为摄像机拍摄 , 大多数年轻人笑着 , 他们的眼睛和激动 。
it became ever more elaborate and expensive during the postwar boom when big companies ruled the roost and when international competition was muted .	大公司规定屋顶和国际竞争时 , 越来越多的阐明和昂贵 。
strangely , since then the world’s banks and news organisations have not rushed to rummage through dustmen’s economic forecasts .	奇怪的是 , 因为随后世界银行和新闻组织并没有通过杜斯特曼经济预测来抵押贷款 。
as with divisions , there are many user initiated events , such as when a user clicks or double clicks within a tag's display space .	与部署一样 , 有许多用户启动的事件 , 比如当用户单击或双击标记显示空间内的显示空间中 。
because cheapy chinese goods are more profitable for the major retailers to handle , they have tended to overemphasize these lower priced items in their promotions .	由于廉价的中国商品对主要零售商来说更有利于处理 , 他们倾向于超过这些低价格的推广项目 。
entry to the official stand and stand of honour is therefore controlled at designated pel events by accreditation and tickets jointly and not separately .	因此 , 通过接受和票联合控制的pel事件的正式标准和标准 。
infectious agents present in stools of infected persons are transmitted to uninfected persons through contaminated food or water that is ingested by mouth .	感染药物通过污染的食物或水来传播到不受感染的人 。
jr: we have not looked in detail to any other platform yet , but we are sure there are more platforms , applications and sites vulnerable to the same attack .	杰:我们还没有详细地查看任何其他平台 , 但是我们确定有更多平台、应用程序和站点可同样的攻击 。
main problems in the reform of the state owned enterprises lie in the sluggishness of the reform of banking system and in the stagnancy of the development of securities market .	国有企业改革的主要问题在于银行制度改革的缓慢性和证券市场的稳定性 。
it is the neocivilization view that the core is seeking common ground while reserving differences , peaceful coexistence , codevelopment .	它是新的文明观点 , 核心在储备差异、和平共存在、代码开发等方面寻求共同地面 。
music and literature have the characteristic of an exchange in function either in the respect of the choice of the theme or in the forming of artistic structure .	音乐和文学具有交换功能的特点 , 既是在艺术结构的选择或形成中 , 又是一种交流的特点 。
this article proposes the risk recognition featurefactor modeling technology , which is set up on the basis of checklist and flow chart .	本文提出了基于检查列表和流图的风险识别特征模型技术 , 建立了风险识别技术 。
fasteners at locations connecting panelstostiles shall utilize throughbolted , stainless steel , pinin head torx sex bolt fasteners .	连接面板位置的梯度应采用无锈钢、钢铁、钢铁、钢铁、弹头弹性螺栓倾斜器 。
in the teaching of probability and statistics , the parameters estimation of linear regression is given by the method of the extremum of function .	在概率和统计学的教学中 , 提出了线性回归的参数估计方法 。
petty revenges are causing too many deaths of innocents . the culprits are blinded by hatred , they don't think about the consequences .	宠物收入太多的无辜死亡 , 这些文化被忽视 , 他们不认为后果 。
during wei and jin dynasties , the activities of chinese and foreign buddhist limited to the point and the line , lacking of largescale spread .	在魏晋时期 , 中国和外国佛教活动限制到点和线 , 缺乏大规模传播 。
the sheet of water is healthy , it comes from heaven in the first place and next from the earth ; the sheet of air is unhealthy , it comes from the sewer .	水的表是健康的 , 它来自天空的第一个位置和下一个位置 ; 空气的表面是不健康的 , 它来自缝纫 。
the razor spam filter provides a serverbased service where you can report spam so that other more users can benefit from your identifying the email as spam .	razorspam滤波器提供一个基于服务器的服务 , 这样你可以报告spam , 这样其他用户可以从您的电子邮件中获益 。
i personally don’t enjoy wearing music because i enjoy running , but it is hard for me to be confident because i have only done a 5 mile race .	我个人不喜欢穿音乐 , 因为我喜欢跑 , 但我很难信心 , 因为我只做了5英里的比赛 。
the internet was not a popular hunting ground except in portugal , where about half the surveyed men and women opted to find people online .	除葡萄牙外 , 网络并不受欢迎的狩猎地面 , 大约有一半被调查的男性和女性选择在线找到人们 。
this paper explores the characteristics of translation clause in the domains of space , possession and property from the perspective of conceptual frame .	本文从概念框架的角度探讨了翻译条件在空间领域的特点、位置和属性 。
ripe and polished , a supple red with raspberry and chocolate flavors , finishing with plum and spice , lingering effortlessly .	成熟和抛光 , 带有红莓和巧克力味 , 完成和香料 , 毫无努力 。
you may feel frustrated with the seemingly slow progress you're making in life . remember that god is never in a hurry , but he is always on time .	你可能觉得你在生活中变得很慢 , 记得上帝永远在匆匆忙 , 但他总是在时间 。
for most of us , and especially those of us who have long lists of people who expect us to be back in touch with them , we need “kaizen” programs of our own .	对于大多数人来说 , 尤其是那些有期待我们的长期列表的人 , 希望我们能够回到他们 , 我们需要 " 认识 " 程序 。
since the letizia scandal , berlusconi has also been fending off accusations of cavorting with escorts who were paid to attend his parties .	伯卢斯科尼自信西亚丑闻以来 , 同时也在与那些参加他的党的coscorts的监控 。
not only had sophie witnessed the fullblown ritual , but her own grandfather had been the celebrant... the grand master of the priory of sion .	不仅有苏菲见证了全吹的仪式 , 而且她自己的祖父却是著名的...女王的祖父是国王的祖父 。
though the holt strategy was smart and johnson was willing to fight it out as old versus new , there were two problems with holts approach .	虽然霍尔策略是聪明而且约翰逊愿意把它打出来 , 但这两个问题与霍尔夫法有两个问题 。
no to mention cutting off from internet game , even my most hardworking and boring friends , they were complaining and had been trying to log in their msn .	甚至我最艰难的朋友们 , 他们抱怨并试图登录他们的msn 。
the flame normalizing treatments were put forward on steel rail with flash welding , gas pressure welding and aluminium heat welding .	针对钢铁铁、气压焊接、铝焊接 , 提出了火焰正常处理方法 。
however , before he could finish the feet , another man finished and grabbed the jar from him , saying , " who has ever seen a snake with feet ? "	然而 , 在他能完成脚之前 , 另一个人从他身边抓住爵士 , 说: " 谁看到了一只脚的蛇吗 ? "
of a decidedly philosophical bent , it does best in areas where planning , theorizing , reorganization and preparation play a primary role .	理论、理论、重组和制备的主要角色 , 在规划、规划、理论、制备方面做了最好的地方 。
we end up in an endless cycle of spending and debt and working more and more , and end up with lives filled with goods but empty of meaning and happiness .	我们终于在无尽的开支和债务的周期 , 工作越来越多 , 终止生活充满了货物 , 但意义和幸福的空间 。
additionally , websphere everyplace access provides a solution for the occasionallyconnected portal user through access to offline portlets .	另外 , websphere每个替代访问都提供了一个偶尔连接的门户用户通过访问离线portlet的解决方案 。
there are several hundred english verbs that can introduce a reporting clause and a classification of them is made by logical and semantic criteria .	有几百个英语动词 , 可以引入一个报告条款和它们的分类由逻辑和语义标准制成 。
dr white looked at the records of 8 , 000 people dating back to the 1970s who had all had their iq measured at the ages of five and ten .	白博士看了8 , 000名年代的记录 , 他们在五十岁和十岁的时候测量了他们的iq 。
to have any hope of success , olpc recognizes it needs to get away from the goitalone model that characterized the manufacture of the xo machine .	为了有任何希望成功 , olpc识别它需要从目标单元模型中获取它的特征xo机器的制造 。
you must bind a view to this control before you can edit the view . doubleclick the view control to select an existing view or create a new one .	在您可以编辑视图之前必须绑定一个视图 , 双击视图控制来选择现有视图或创建新的视图 。
dwdm technology has been widely used in longdistance communications , but its high system cost has greatly limited its application into metro area networks .	dwdm技术广泛应用于长距离通信中 , 但它的高系统成本大限制了其应用于介质区域网络的应用 。
you can implement this solution in the memorybased object cache and by sharing objects on certain servers across the whole cluster .	您可以在基于内存的对象缓存中实现这个解决方案 , 并通过在整个集群中共享对象 。
in a lan using a bus topology , a segment is a continuous electrical circuit that is often connected to other such segments with repeaters .	在使用总线拓扑的lan中 , 一个段是一个连续的电路 , 通常与重复器的其他部分连接 。
one of the senior sisters of , maiev shadowsong , had already shown her competence in guarding illidan before he was brought to trial .	玛丽夫·影森的一位高级姐之一 , 在他带来试验之前 , 她已经展示了她的竞争力 。
when obama was a candidate for president in 2008 , he promised to " take [china] to the mat " on the issues of trade and currency .	奥巴马在2008年成为总统候选人 , 他承诺 " 采取 " 在贸易和货币问题上 。
with increase of one of the perturbation frequencies , the number of the spectral regions and its variation will be different for different dispersion regimes .	随着扰动频率的增加 , 光谱区的数量和不同分散政策的变化将不同 。
do your best every time you pick up your instrument or open your mouth–it’s all about building on good habits and communicating with your peeps .	每次你选择你的仪器或打开你的嘴巴 , 都是建立良好的习惯和沟通你的嘴巴 。
goaldirected action is a basic trait of biology , which is also an important standard for identifying whether the entity is alive .	目标直接行为是生物学的基本特征 , 也是识别实体是否活跃的重要标准 。
" our interest is that things go back where they were before after olympics , " vuylsteke says . " otherwise this will have an impact on business plans . "	" 我们的兴趣是 , 他们在奥运之前回到哪里 , " 沃耶尔斯特克说 , " 否则这对商业计划有影响 。 "
the xi'an quality and technical supervision bureau coined an english name for the burger in order to further promote the food .	西安质量和技术监督局为了进一步促进食品 。
the british council's global campaign to raise awareness about climate change and the energy challenges facing the world's cities .	英国国家全球运动的意识提高了气候变化和面临世界城市面临的能源挑战 。
google's technology requires a little forethought from the merchant , but seems simple and safe in its execution .	google的技术要求从商人中想到的一些原因 , 但看起来很简单和安全 。
the steel frames resist lateral loads applied in the short direction while diagonal bracing stabilizes the building longitudinally .	钢框架在短方向上应用 , 纵向承载稳定建筑 。
exhibited in the historical exhibition zone on the eastern side are mostly objects illustrating the glorious progress of china's railway ;	东侧的历史展览区主要是对我国铁路的荣耀进展 ;
hope this piece of information is of importance to your health in relation to eating instant noodles and please apply this cooking method with immediate effect .	希望这样的信息对您的健康有重要意义 , 并且请立即使用这种烹饪方法 。
but in the process of the industrialization management of rivercrab seedling growth industry , there are certain problems need to solve quickly .	然而 , 在河流种子生长产业管理过程中 , 必须迅速解决问题 。
this paper analysed the main reasons that influence the performance of cyclinder head , valve and valve seat in internal combustion engine .	本文分析了影响缸头性能、阀座和阀座在内燃发动机中的主要原因 。
the volunteers were informed that the alt key was faulty , and that if it was pressed the computer would crash and all the experimental data would be lost .	志愿者被发现 , lt关键是错误的 , 如果压缩计算机会破坏 , 所有实验数据都会失去 。
the loss of performance is mainly caused by the cutoff plug , the roundtosquare thruster chamber and the opened base of plug .	性能损失主要由cutof插件、圆方推进室和插件开放基础引起 。
for he pant isocracy ruled by america , u . s . makes great efforts to increase the " exporting democracy " strategy .	对于美国而言 , 美国也使得 " 出口民主 " 战略有很大的努力 。
and america's catholic bishops only last week announced they were finally going to get serious about opposing the death penalty .	上周 , 美国的天主派只宣布他们最终会对死刑严重的反对 。
liliane la fleur: directing a movie is a very overrated job , we all know it . you just have to say yes or no . what else do you do ? nothing .	莉莉安·拉弗尔:导演电影是一个非常严肃的工作 , 我们都知道它 , 你必须说是的 , 还是别的呢 ?
the object of this thesis is to study the uniqueness problems of meromorphic functions and meromorphic mappings in several complex variables .	本文研究了几种复杂变量的变形函数和变形映射的独特性问题 。
hemodynamically stable supraventricular arrhythmias may be treated conservatively with observation and discontinuation of digoxin .	血动力稳定性超声心肌瘤可保持观察和不断的digoxin 。
khaki tote bags and metallic suede clutch bags appeal to you , since you want your accessories to be as eclectic as you are .	khakitebags和金属支持集群包吸引你 , 因为你想要你的配件作为电子 。
you must add the plugins for websphere application server community edition by clicking the link labeled don't see your server listed ?	您必须添加websphereapplicationserver社区版的插件吗 ?
catalytic activity of six inorganic salts in the esterification of acetic acid with isoamyl alcohol was studied .	研究了六种无机盐的催化活性 。
objective to investigate the therapeutic outcomes of anemia by means of invigorating the kidney , reinforcing spleen and generating blood .	目的探讨肾脏、加强脾脏、生血的治疗效果 。
the adjoint variable method for design sensitivity analysis of multibody system dynamics based on ordinary differential equations is presented .	提出了基于普通微分方程的多体系统动力学的设计敏感性分析方法 。
a scanner of holes in cgi is implemented in multithread technology . its scan speed is very quick and holes are easily extended .	在多线程技术实现孔扫描器 , 其扫描速度非常快 , 孔容易扩展 。
the overtly sexual nature of the body compels the viewer into the position of voyeur , only to reveal itself as an inanimate object .	身体的性质强调了视觉者的位置 , 只能揭示自己作为一个不同时的对象 。
acording to the point of views of principle of equivalence theory , the translated brand names should achieve a perfect linguistic u...	针对等价理论的观点 , 翻译品牌名应该实现完美的语言学 。
if the output stream was stdout , and if it was not redirected to a file or a pipe , the selected pages will appear on the screen .	如果输出流是stdout , 如果没有修改到一个文件或管道 , 那么选择的页面就会出现在屏幕上 。
probe configurations for circumferential , longitudinal and mid wall defects . also for thickness verification and couplant monitoring .	探针环境、纵向和中壁缺陷的探针配置 , 也为厚度验证和辅助监测 。
without opel , gm’s promises to build a fleet of smaller and more fuelefficient cars in north america would lack conviction .	没有欧佩尔 , 通用汽车承诺在北美建立一个较小和更多富裕的汽车会缺乏信心 。
ab process is used in zibo city wastewater treatment plant to treat municipal wastewater in which more than 80 percent is industrial wastewater .	利用zibo市废水处理厂处理城市废水 , 其中80%以上是工业废水 。
agrees equally well with red meat dishes , blue fish and harder cheeses , and as a dessert , especially with chocolate cake .	与红肉菜、蓝鱼和更硬的奶酪一样 , 尤其是巧克力蛋糕 。
this comprehensive resource includes an international panel of contributors who are leading academics and practitioners in the field .	这个综合资源包括一个领先学术和实践者的国际支持者 。
he drank deep from the vapors that welled from the font , learning to blend his spirit with the potency that flowed from far beneath the house ;	他喝着深渊的蒸汽 , 学会把自己的精神与远处的房子里流出来的潜力混合在一起 ;
the review of the nation’s nuclear policy is the first since 2001 and the third since the end of the cold war two decades ago .	自2001年以来 , 国家核政策的第一次审查是冷战结束以来第三次 。
the individuals involved in this campaign are not only scientifically uninformed , but show absolutely no interest in becoming better informed .	这个活动中涉及的个体不仅是科学上未知的 , 而且不仅显示出对变得更好的兴趣 。
the selfdeveloped light oil reforming catalyst has well performed in hydrogen production and has substituted the import ones completely at home .	自开发的光油改造催化剂在氢生产中表现良好 , 已在家里完全取代进口工具 。
i'm sure everyone here joins me in wishing you two , sessyoumaru and kikyou , the very best that life has to offer you in your marriage .	我肯定每个人都在这里加入我希望你们两个 , syoumaru和kikyou , 最好的生活必须在你的婚姻中提供你 。
it can be distributed on several client machines and is able to simulate thousands of virtual users concurrently in various scenarios .	它可以分布在几台客户机上 , 并且可以在各种情况下同时模拟数千台虚拟用户 。
the vibrated fluidized bed has been used widely in the chemical industry , metallurgy and food industry for drying particle material .	振动液化床广泛应用于化学工业、冶金和食品工业中 。
because we've recognized this trend early , we can redistribute our resources to sharpen our focus on criticalpath activities .	因为我们早期认识到这种趋势 , 我们可以重新分配我们的资源来加强我们的关键路径活动 。
live life in a constant state of awareness , with peaceful thoughts , a dash of forcefulness , and a good measure of faith and spirituality .	生活在不断的意识状态下 , 和平的思想 , 一种力量 , 以及信仰和精神的良好措施 。
objective to analyze the clinical characteristics and to appraise the diagnostic criteria and surgical methods of glossopharyngeal neuralgia .	目的分析血管神经障碍的临床特点及诊断标准及手术方法 。
most cases were in obvious regional assembled distribution , the cases in northern towns accounted for 78 . 51% of total cases .	大多数病例都处于明显的区域组装分布 , 占总病例的78.51% 。
the householders celebrate it jointly suspending all their business , agricultural and commercial activities for the time being .	家庭们庆祝他们的业务、农业和商业活动 。
with continuous product upgrades , implementation of multifiber blended idea , cotton spinning enterprises growing fiber to create value .	随着连续产品升级 , 实现多纤维混合思想、棉纺企业增长纤维创造价值 。
overall , 53 per cent of the french people believe mr sarkozy makes " a good president " , compared to 41 per cent in may .	总体来说 , 53%的法国人相信sarkozy先生做了 " 好总统 " , 而5月份的41% 。
resourcehouse said it would supply 30m tons of coal a year to the chinese company , at a price of about $3b a year , starting from about 2014 .	资源库表示 , 每年将提供3000万吨煤 , 中国公司每年的价格约为3亿美元 , 从2014年开始 。
this personal development strategy and tips section offers great suggestions on how to change your behaviour , learn new skills and change personality traits .	这个个人开发策略和技巧提供了如何改变你的行为、学习新的技能和改变个性特征的巨大建议 。
resizes a data handle based on the data structure of an argument that you pass to the cin . this function does not set the array dimension field .	将数据处理基于您传递到cin的参数的数据结构 , 这个函数不设置阵列维字段 。
amazon web services , which rents computing capacity in its giant data centres to customers , has also won a reputation for being cheap .	amazonweb服务 , 租用大型数据中心的计算能力 , 也赢得了价格便宜的声誉 。
the pro version obviously offers more features than the free version and frostwire claims to be the free version of limewire pro .	程序版本显然比自由版本和霜版本提供了更多的功能 , 是limewire的免费版本 。
furthermore , kdd cup99 data set is implemented to evaluate the proposed method . the results show the outstanding performance of the proposed method .	此外 , 实现了kdcup9数据集 , 研究了该方法的最佳性能 。
kristin was one of those vivacious teens who loved jesus and lived for him—and whose sudden death leaves us with a million questions .	克里斯汀是那些喜欢耶稣的人之一 , 生活在他身上 , 突然死亡让我们留下了数百万个问题 。
it is enough to make us feel good . after outsourcing work and torture . after the marriage agencies are now outsourcing even our love life , daily .	这足以让我们感觉好 。 外包工作和耐磨之后 , 婚姻机构现在正在外包 , 日常生活 。
also last year , the financial times acquired moneymedia , an online provider of news for fund managers that charges a subscription fee .	还有去年 , 金融时报收购了钱媒体 , 一个网上经理负责订阅费用的新闻供应商 。
you might start waking up earlier to get used to your new schedule or plan a trip to the new museum exhibit you've been hoping to catch .	您可能早些时候开始醒来 , 或者计划一个新的博物馆展览 , 您希望捕捉的新计划 。
ms min q crane , do you really want to marry jennifer ? crane people answer jennifer will be the saviour of our thai jiang group .	小qcrane女士 , 你真想娶詹妮弗 ? 克莱恩人回答珍妮弗将是我们的泰国江集团的救生 。
than shwe is expected to meet with president hu jintao , premier wen jiabao and other senior chinese officials during his fiveday visit .	希望与胡锦涛总统、温家宝总统和其他高级官员会晤 。
ym: when i was young , i watched a lot of hakim olajuwon play , charles barkley , of course michael jordan .	当然迈克尔·约旦时 , 我看到了很多海克姆奥拉杰文的演奏 , 查尔斯·巴克利 , 当然迈克尔·约旦 。
this is how one leaves behind fear based thoughtform and integrates the unity based thoughtform associated with the language of light .	这是一种基于恐惧的思想形式的叶子 , 并将基于统一的思想形式与光的语言结合起来 。
perfectly eatable fruit and vegetable crops often fail to reach supermarkets due to their size or physical appearance .	由于它们的尺寸或物理外观 , 完美食用水果和蔬菜作物通常不能达到超市 。
the project will utilize the powerbuoy technology ocean power technologies which consists of modular , oceangoing buoys .	该项目将利用电力购买技术的海洋电力技术 , 包括模块、海洋购买 。
the theory of cooperative learning which is applied in english reading class in high school can change the traditional teachercentered teaching type .	高中英语阅读课的合作学习理论可以改变传统教学类型 。
additionally , the stamp was released in 1980 , a particularly lucky 'golden monkey' year that only occurs once every 60 years .	另外 , 在1980年发布的垃圾邮票 , 尤其是幸运的 " 谷歌猴 " 年仅发生了60年 。
however , if the list is twodimensional , then you often want to " unpack " the contents of each nested list as it is iterated . you could do that like so	然而 , 如果列表是二维 , 那么您通常想要 " 未包 " 的内容 , 就像迭代的那样 , 您可以这样做 。
this measure can not only ensure the safe and rapid withdrawal of powered support from the face , but also largely reduce the removal cost of the face .	这种措施不仅能保证脸部安全快速的支持 , 而且大大减少脸部的消除成本 。
first , procedures were completed in a highvolume hospital by experienced surgeons specializing in total joint arthroplasty .	首先 , 通过经验的外科医生专业化 , 完成高体积医院的程序 。
for me , marketing works for society when the marketer and consumer are both aware of what's happening and are both satisfied with the ultimate outcome .	对于我来说 , 当市场商和消费者对社会的营销工作都意识到发生什么 , 并且与最终结果都满意 。
from the early days of popular use of the internet , the rallying cry was that cyberspace was the new frontier , subject to no law .	从互联网早期使用的时候 , 网络空间是新边界 , 没有法律的主体 。
but this expiation did not satisfy two sainted women , madame courtin , marquise de boucs , and the comtesse de chateauvieux .	但这次表现并没有满足两个圣女 , 玛达姆·柯丁 , 马奎斯德·布奇斯 , 以及这位委员会德查特维乌克斯 。
china also being a member of it , has made many basic laws plus separate law , administration laws and local laws and rules and so on .	中国也是一个成员 , 使许多基本法律、行政法律和当地法律等 。
first , full disclosure: i'm not what you would call a heavy user of locationbased social networking services . i have no mayorships .	首先 , 全部披露:你不会称为基于位置的社会网络服务的重用户 , 我没有市长 。
an icelisa for detecting fumonisin b2 of maizena was developed by using the coating antigen of ovafb2 and competitive antigen of fb2 .	利用ovafb2的涂层抗原和fb2的竞争抗原 , 研制了一种用于maizenab2的冰激素b2 。
so learn your first word , " lekker " [le'ka] , adj . meaning " good/nice " for anythings from food to girls .	所以学习你的第一句话 , " 莱克尔 " [le'ka] , 意味着 " 好/好 " 的东西从食物到女孩的任何东西 。
he is best known for his confrontational go no go project on migration in europe , for which he received the visa d'or and the care award .	他最著名的是他在欧洲迁徙项目 , 因为他收到了签证d'or和护理奖 。
the result shows that the two processes had characters of good applicability for water quality during high algaeladen and good treatment efficiency , low cost as well .	结果表明 , 两种工艺具有良好的水质 , 在高阿尔加纳和良好的处理效率、低成本等特点 。
four patients with lung cancer had negative findings on 18ffdg coincidence images but showed positive serum markers .	肺癌的四名患者在18fdg综合征图像中负面发现 , 但显示阳性血清标志 。
softtothetouch fabric and powerful compression meet chic design and thoughtful details for stylish shaping you'll want to wear every day .	软触织物和强力压缩符合chic设计和思想细节 , 每天都要穿的风格形状 。
and you’ll need to follow the rather formal dress code of the period no trainers , no jeans , and gents , wear a jacket and tie .	你需要跟随时期的正式服装代码 , 没有犹太人 , 还要穿一套夹克和绑架 。
this should help your jobhunting prospects , for you will be able to get a side job if you need one or develop more business for your company , with better fees , too .	这应该帮助您的工作开发前景 , 因为你可以获得一个侧面工作 , 如果你需要一个或开发更多的业务 , 还有更好的费用 。
addin china's lack of male educators and the book has a strong argument: chinese boys are developing in a predominately female environment .	加入中国缺乏男性教育者和书籍有着强烈的争论:中国男孩正在开发一个初步的女性环境 。
the algorithm is applied to the docking of several simple model molecules and the docking between the benzamidine and hiv 1 protease .	该算法应用于几个简单的模型分子和乙酰胺与hiv1蛋白酶之间的堆积 。
one in five managers also said being kept awake at night meant they were more likely to make mistakes , the mori poll of 1 , 006 people revealed .	五位经理还说 , 晚上仍然醒来 , 意味着他们更有可能使错误 , 摩里的1006人透露 。
why , the doctor told me this morning that your chances for getting well real soon were let's see exactly what he said he said the chances were ten to one !	为什么今天早上 , 医生告诉我 , 你的机会很快就让我们看到他说的机会是十个 !
each call gets its own activation record , so each time it is called the variables get their own storage space within that activation record .	每次调用都会获得自己的活动记录 , 所以每次它称为变量在激活记录中获取自己的存储空间 。
on 13 june , donors pledged more than $4 billion to support the work of gavi , an amount that exceeded anyone’s wildest dreams .	6月13日 , 捐赠者承诺超过40亿美元支持加维工作 , 超过任何人最荒凉的梦想 。
businessman gary vaynerchuk used his knowledge of wine to create the successful wine library tv , a daily video blog show about wine .	商人盖里·瓦纳奇克用他的知识来创建成功的葡萄酒图书馆 , 日常视频博客展示酒 。
once a week a man named gary , mr . calver 's cheeseturner , comes in and turns it to redistribute the moisture within .	一周 , 一位名叫加里的男子 , 卡尔弗先生的奶酪家 , 进来 , 然后把它转变成在内部的水分 。
but we would need space rockets using techonology from scifi series star trek to help us reach hospitable planets orbiting other stars .	然而 , 我们需要利用科幻系列星轮的技术空间火箭 , 以帮助我们达到可持续的星球轨道 。
" getting a credit card if you have bad credit is harder than it used to be , " says odysseas papadimitrou . " but they are still available .	奥迪沙帕迪米鲁说: " 如果你有不好的信用卡比以前的信用更难 。 " 但是他们仍然可以使用 。
i love thee with testosterone receptors deep in my hypothalamus . i love thee with dopamine that floods my primitive lizard brain .	我喜欢与睾酮受体深处在我的假设中 , 我喜欢用多巴胺来淹没我的原始脂肪大脑 。
next time you take a pojo and slap on an annotation to turn it into an ejb , you can give a little thanks to the openejb team .	下次 , 您需要一个pojo和sap , 将它转换成ejb , 您可以给openejb团队带来一些感谢 。
people decide to become a vegetarian for many reasons . some common motivators include the environment , animal rights , and health .	人们决定成为许多原因 , 一些常见的动机包括环境、动物权利和健康 。
china’s coal mines certainly kill 2 , 0003 , 000 workers a year , and coalsmogged air there and elsewhere kills many more .	中国煤矿一年一定会杀死2 , 003万名工人 , 而且在那里还有很多地方的煤矿 。
the majority of research on memory is focused , as you might expect , on the remembering side of things how much , how accurate and so on .	大多数关注内存的研究是焦点 , 就像你期待的那样 , 记住东西多少 , 如何准确等 。
as routine displaces novelty , we may be tempted to shift our attention to someone new and taste again the thrill of romantic love .	正如普通消失小说一样 , 我们可能尝试改变我们的注意力 , 再次是浪漫爱的冲浪 。
for example , it's common to set an alias , which expands to 'ls l' , for a long listing of a directory or list of files .	例如 , 通常设置alias , 它扩展到 " l " , 对于一个目录或列表文件的长期清单 。
“the biggest challenge is getting this unregulated and unorganized system under a single umbrella for providing universal access , ” says duggal .	杜格尔说: " 最大的挑战是在单个伞下提供普遍访问的情况下获得这种不规则和组织系统 。 "
the diesel engine emissions aftertreatment has received a lot of attentions with increasingly stringent emission standards for diesel engines .	柴油发动机排放后处理已受到很多关注柴油机的严格排放标准 。
in this view of fat necrosis at high magnification , some lipidladen macrophages are seen between the necrotic adipose tissue cells .	在高磁化的脂肪坏死中 , 一些脂肪酰胺宏噬细胞之间的神经脂肪组织细胞之间 。
the main types of soil degradation were of poor nutrients , poor microorganism , bad structure , basification and heavy drought .	土壤降解主要是营养不良、微生物、坏结构、基础化和重干旱 。
method:through takes the ligamentum interspinalia and the intervertebral disc overhang in 56 surgery the pathology observations were analyzed .	方法:对56例手术中56例椎间盘及椎间盘悬挂的临床观察进行了分析 。
u . s . secretary of state hillary clinton on saturday called the north's provocations and statements 'deeply regrettable . '	星期六 , 美国国务卿克林顿称北方的倡议和声明 " 深度遗憾 " 。
if you pay with debit card at certain shops you can take an additional sum from your account at no extra charge . this is often called " cashback " .	如果你在某些商店支付债务卡 , 你就可以从账户中获取额外的总结 , 这通常叫做 " 现金回报 " 。
pigeons scatter as a man walks home after offering prayers at a nearby temple at bashantapur durbar square in kathmandu .	像素散落在喀斯曼都附近的一个寺庙附近祈祷家 。
seedorf then went into the book for a late challenge on martins . although the rossoneri continued to look the more dangerous side coming forward .	然后 , 塞多夫去了马丁的一本晚期挑战 , 虽然罗斯诺里继续寻找更危险的一面来临 。
the fitted line in the figure is a 3rddegree polynomial , but any sort of smoothing would tell you that there is a massive upward trend .	图中配置的线是一个3rd度多项式 , 但任何类型的平滑都会告诉你 , 有大量上升趋势 。
if a firm wants to place a bet on falling interest rates , for example , it can simply have its marketmaking unit build up its inventory of bonds .	例如 , 如果一家公司希望把利率放在下跌的利率上 , 它就可以简单地构建它的市场制造单元 。
from " big haven is an old strategy " angle , discussed become the value that makes strong fuzhou harbor greatly and necessity .	从 " 大型战略 " 角度讨论成为福州港的重要价值 。
you acknowledge and agree that you can enjoy member benefits upon payment of the annual fee for membership and relevant facilities fee .	你承认 , 同意你可以享受成员支付年费和相关设施费用的年费用 。
about onethird of basketball shoes are actually purchased to play basketball in , according to industry analyst marshal cohen .	根据工业分析师马什尔·科恩说 , 大约三分之一的篮球鞋实际购买篮球 。
mike hulme , a climate policy expert at the university of east anglia in norwich , uk , says that social effects are also unpredictable .	英国东加利亚大学气候政策专家mikehulme表示 , 社会效应也不可预料 。
fangsheng bridge is the longest , largest and tallest stone bridge , with five openings both in zhujiajiao and in the shanghai region .	福兴桥是上海地区最长、最高、最高、最高的石桥 , 五个开放都在上海地区 。
besides the difference that popularizes degree , definitive inadequacy also is to restrict pay treasure copyist people one big handicap .	除了流行程度的差异外 , 定义不足也是限制一个大手工化的宝贵版本主义者 。
the new overhaul of financial regulation did nothing to address the companies , even though they played a central role in inflating the housing bubble .	金融监管的新兴过度并没有解决公司 , 即使他们发挥了一个中央作用 , 通胀房屋泡沫 。
luis suarez has been charged by the fa following the onfield spat with patrice evra during united's 11 draw at anfield last month .	路易斯苏雷斯在上个月在安菲尔德的11图中被指控 。
somehow our path took us toward the park , across the footbridge high above the rolling waters of the los angeles river . ( n . rigg .	我们的路径随着我们走向公园 , 在洛杉矶河的滚水上高的脚桥 。
the manchester united man missed euro 2004 after missing the test in september 2003 , and it is an episode that clearly still rankles with the player .	曼联2004年9月失踪了欧元2004年9月的测试之后 , 这个测试显然还是与球员一起排名 。
in the other part , the improvement of dissolubility of sulfadiazine and aspirin entericcoated tablet is studied with surfactant as modifier .	另一部分 , 采用改性剂 , 研究了硫亚丁和阿司匹林进口片的溶解性 。
the effects of moca /e ratio and amount of the fillers on the physical properties and the heat air ageing of the pu elastomer were discussed .	讨论了摩卡/e比和充填剂对弹性体的物理性能和热空气年龄的影响 。
the calculated results show that the limit values of axial compression ratio of src columns are generally % higher than those of rc columns .	计算结果表明 , src柱轴压比的限值通常比rc柱的轴压比值高 。
to organize the general administration sponsored fights against counterfeit and defective products and other illegal activities at origin ;	组织一般行政赞助反馈和缺陷产品和其他非法活动 ;
the result shows that the leopoldwolman relationship cannot discriminate channel patterns well when both gravel and sandbed rivers are considered .	结果表明 , 当墓地和沙床河时 , 叶尔德沃尔曼关系不能判别通道模式好 。
examples of common devices that are poorly designed ergonomically include the snow shovel and the computer or typewriter keyboard .	可设计的普通设备 , 包括雪鞋和计算机或类型密钥板 。
from the current situation , the european development of civilparty government is likely to once again successfully break through the barrier .	从当前的情况下 , 欧洲政府的发展可能再次突破了壁垒 。
the method adopts horse liver tissues as raw materials to prepare dry acetone powder of horse liver alcohol dehydrogenase ;	该方法采用马肝组织作为原材料制备马酒精脱氢酶干乙酮粉 ;
a transparent conductive ito antireflection layer is generated on a top layer of the amorphous silicon thin film subbattery .	采用非晶薄膜子电池顶层生成了一种透明的导电型ito反反射层 。
most entrepreneurs are passionate about a particular market or technology , and putting a sales hat on does not come naturally to them . that is okay .	大多数企业家都热衷于一个特定的市场或技术 , 并把销售帽放在不自然的情况下 , 这是好的 。
to be responsible for the guidance of local energy development plans , connecting the production development of local energy with the balance of supply and demand ;	负责当地能源开发计划的指导 , 连接当地能源的生产发展与供应平衡 ;
knowledge and practice about iodine deficiency disorders among pregnant women , housewives , and pupils in changning district , shanghai ;	上海市妇女、家庭妇女和学生缺乏碘障碍的知识与实践 ;
methods 74 cases had changes in ambiens cisterna proved by ct scan , we analysed the changes and studied its correlation with prognosis .	方法74例ct扫描证明的mbiensciastna患者的变化 , 分析其与预后相关性 。
enter ${user_install_root}\etc\wssecurity\samples\encsender . jceks in the keystore path field .	输入$userinstallroot}\etc\wsecurity\ample\sample\升级器.jceks在密钥存储路径领域 。
objective to assess the application value of wholebody bone scintigraphy in diagnosis and staging of langerhans cell histiocytosis in infants .	目的评价全体骨科学的应用价值 。
after a preshift meeting and an oath ceremony where the 10member squad of miners vow to ensure safety , he changes into his work overalls .	在一次新闻会议和一个oath仪式之后 , 10名矿工投票的队伍确保安全 , 他总体改变了工作 。
ollila said microsoft had not been the only option for nokia and noted many companies had showed their interest in cooperating with the finnish mobile phone maker .	奥利拉说 , 诺基亚的微软并未是唯一选择 , 而且很多公司已经显示了与最后手机制造商合作的兴趣 。
what intrigues many astronomers , however , is the circumnuclear ring around the galaxy center visible just outside the central bar .	然而 , 很多天文学家都是星系中心周围的圆环环 。
in germplasm evaluation studies of pinellia ternate , the assaying methods of extractives and total alkaloid are established .	建立了聚氨酯提取物和总碱的评价方法 。
last month , a u . s . bankruptcy judge allowed lehman to pump cash into the two banks to avoid a seizure by regulators .	上个月 , 美国破产法官允许雷曼将现金投入两家银行 , 以避免监管机构的严厉行业 。
methods analgesic effect of two different concentrations of cinobufagin injection was observed in mice by the hotplate test and writhing with acetic acid .	方法采用醋酸法观察两种不同浓度的钙蛋白注射液对小鼠的镇痛作用 。
the fifth part it is the summary of the full text , the whole characteristic of the language has done the brief generalization to lien uzhuan .	第五部分是全文的总结 , 语言的整体特征已经对林庄进行简要的概括化 。
przewalski's horse , which once roamed the steppes of mongolia , is thought to have become too dispersed in the wild to breed .	przalski的马 , 一旦旋转蒙古的步骤 , 被认为已经变得太分散在野生中 。
therefore , the transformation of the pattern of international relations requires the united states and south korea to maintain and even strengthen the alliance .	因此 , 国际关系的转变需要美国和韩国维持 , 甚至加强联盟 。
the ancient black cattle were displaced by the longhorns , and that these " were swept away by the short horns as if by some murderous pestilence . "	古老的黑猫被长长长长长长的移动 , 这些 " 被短的角落放出来 , 就像某些杀虫虫般的一样 。 "
consider your online album as the equivalent of leaving the treasured family album on a public bench for every passerby to thumb through .	考虑您的网上专辑等于在公共场上留下的财政专辑 , 每个旅客都可以通过拇指 。
with financial markets so volatile and companies “hunkering down” for a long slog through a recession , there are few indicators of what’s coming up .	随着金融市场如此挥发和公司 " 令人震惊 " 的日志通过衰退 , 有一些指标是什么 。
if you are following along and planning to take a break at this point , please stay around as you now have two jobs that are creating ever larger files in your file system .	如果您正在跟踪并计划在这个点上采取一个突破 , 请在您的文件系统中保持两个工作 , 您现在可以创建更大的文件文件 。
we saw more rates of authoritarianism in nonwhite groups . i think the percentage of authoritarian households was highest in asianamericans .	我们在非白人群中看到更多的权威主义 , 我认为奥地利主义家庭占亚裔美国人最高的百分之一 。
the moon is so far from the earth that even if huge trees were growing on a mountain , we could not see them through the most powerful telescopes which have yet been invented .	月球远离地球 , 即使大树在山上生长 , 我们不能通过最强大的望远镜发明的最强大的望远镜 。
imposing airportstyle passenger and bag checks in the metros and bus stops of major cities is impractical because it would bring ordinary life to a halt .	大型城市公共汽车停车时 , 机场风格乘客和袋检查 , 因此它将带来普通生活 。
days later , they still in touch with the troops , fortunately , they killed a deer , can be difficult to rely on venison and spent a few days .	几天后 , 他们仍然与军队联系 , 幸运地 , 他们杀死了鹿 , 难以依赖维生 , 花了几天 。
first , for the four major banks , the good bank/bad bank transactions should be mandatory ; the industry will stabilize only if the four work in tandem .	首先 , 对四大银行来说 , 好银行/坏银行交易应该是管理的 ; 工业只有四个工作在tandem工作时才会稳定 。
at the same time i still wanted a dedicated keyboard so when i saw the s710 with its nifty slideout keyboard i knew it was the perfect fit .	同时我仍然想要一个专门键盘 , 所以当我看到s710的时候 , 它的nifidout键盘 , 我知道它是完美的适合 。
if the book of job is one of the oldest books , there must have been a general knowledge of god , however limited , which led men to think often of him .	如果工作的书是最古老的书之一 , 必须有一般的神知 , 然而有限 , 这导致男人常想他 。
there is no other documented association between mercury and any human cancer , leukaemia , lymphoma or other malignant or premalignant disease .	汞与任何人类癌症、白血病、淋巴瘤或其他恶性疾病之间没有其他文献联系 。
china has recently publicly supported sanctions against iran and imposed lesser restrictions on north korea for their nuclear activities .	中国最近公开支持对伊朗的制裁 , 减少朝鲜对核活动的限制 。
the game opens with fifi millicent performing a gig in an unnamed wartorn middle eastern country , in exchange for a $10m fee .	这场比赛开放了一场不名的战争中东国家的gig , 交换1000万美元的费用 。
in late august , joey defrancesco fulfilled the fantasy of many a disgruntled worker: he quit in an incredibly outlandish fashion .	在8月晚些时候 , 乔伊·德弗里斯科完成了许多残酷的工人幻想:他在一个不可思议的外国时尚中辞职 。
porter puts forward the differentiation advantage and cost advantage according to surroundings and firm strategy by means of value chain .	根据价值链的周围和企业策略 , 提出了分歧优势和成本优势 。
given that the capability of a filter to handle both request and forward was only introduced with j2ee 1 . 4 , older versions of j2ee require a different solution .	鉴于滤波器处理请求和前面的能力只引入j2ee1.4 , j2ee的旧版本需要不同的解决方案 。
animal rights activist brigitte bardot wrote to the german minister calling on her not to give in to pressure to overturn the anuga ban .	动物权利活动家brigittebardot写到德国部长呼吁她不给予压力超过八月份禁止 。
valencia fullback moretti and sevilla midfielder maresca are both on lazio president claudio lotito's shopping list for the summer market .	瓦伦西亚总统克劳迪奥·洛蒂托的购物名单都是在拉佐奥总统克劳迪奥·洛蒂奥 。
however , under the twolevel financial control involving in both university and schools there are contradictions within laboratory administration and longterm development .	然而 , 在两级金融控制涉及大学和学校内存在矛盾 。
it indicates that the sampen is more effective to extract the information attentionrelated in eeg to show the clinical application prospects in eeg biofeedback systems .	结果表明 , 该样品更有效提取eeg生物反馈系统中的信息注意力 , 显示了eeg生物反馈系统的临床应用前景 。
cole claims that mourinho has not addressed his players about what the future may hold , preferring instead to concentrate on the matter in hand winning matches .	科尔声称 , 莫里尼奥没有解决未来的球员 , 更喜欢把握的事情集中在手中赢得比赛中 。
systemic experimental investigation and theoretic analysis on the mechanical aspects of jintan's rock salt have been conducted in the dissertation .	本文对金坦岩石盐的力学方面进行了系统的研究和理论分析 。
results 18 cases happened nosocomial infection , incidence for 14 . 3% , respiratory infections which accounted for 48% , ur 24% ;	结果18例发生鼻子感染 , 发生14.3% , 呼吸感染占48% , 尿24% ;
the exception to the trend was in germany , where unemployment among young people actually declined , to 10 . 3 percent , over the twoyear period .	除了德国 , 年轻人员实际上失业率下降至10.3% , 在两年期内 。
it's different from the traditional view that the sentence meaning is its truthconditions . thus a new perspective of analyzing meaning is achieved .	与传统观点不同 , 句子意义是其真理条件 , 从而得到了一种分析意义的新视角 。
conclusion pricking blood therapy has a regulatory action on acth in hpa axis of rats with experimental allergic rhinitis .	结论对大鼠hpa轴上大鼠血液治疗具有监控作用 。
roman statesman cicero noted , " although physicians frequently know their patients will die of a given disease , they never tell them so . "	罗马国务卿克罗指出 , " 虽然物理学家常常知道他们的病人会死亡 , 但他们从来没有告诉他们 。 "
and jesus stood still , and commanded him to be called . and they call the blind man , saying unto him , be of good comfort , rise ; he calleth thee .	耶稣仍然站着 , 吩咐他叫他 , 叫盲人说 , 向他说 , 是好舒服 , 升起 ; 他清理 。
the size of the wafer to wafer side said , the quality of led is better than small chip . the price is proportional to the size of isomorphous .	wafer的大小说 , led的质量比小芯片更好 , 价格比异构大小 。
in recent years , china's mode of hiv transmission has significant change in the transmission of the infection ratio increased significantly .	近年来 , 我国艾滋病传播方式对感染比传播具有重要的改变 。
indeed , beauty experts have demonstrated through actual research that the combination of baby oil and sugar provides a most effective method for exfoliating skin .	事实上 , 美国专家通过实际研究表明 , 婴儿油与糖的结合提供了一种最有效的方法 。
he was accused of stealing the pictures while chen's computer was being repaired at elite multimedia limited , where sze was an employee .	他指责陈的电脑在精英多媒体上被修复 , 在那里 , 西斯是一名员工 。
to reinforce these themes , quotations from lincoln’s speeches and writings have been stenciled above the fireplace mantels throughout the cottage .	为了加强这些本身 , 林肯的演讲和写作已经在整个厨房里稳定 。
many of these settled at the daming palace site , where they have maintained much of their original regional culture , such as their dialect and traditional food .	许多人在大明宫的地方设置 , 在那里 , 他们已经保持了很多原始的地区文化 , 例如他们的方言和传统食品 。
from all these examples it may be gathered how reflection is always seeking for something fixed and permanent , definite in itself and governing the particulars .	从所有这些例子中 , 它可以收集反射是如何寻找固定和永久的东西 , 尽管自己 , 特别是治理 。
michael had brought kay to the wedding so that she would slowly and perhaps without too much of a shock , absorb the truth about his father .	迈克尔带来了凯亚的婚礼 , 这样她会慢慢慢地慢地和可能没有太多震惊 , 吸引了他父亲的真理 。
the crack growth rate in weld metal and haz of steel 36z fatigued at low frequency may be 35 and 410 times that at high frequency respectively .	焊接金属haz焊接36z磨损的裂纹增长率可分别为35和410倍 。
the system is easy to construct and simple to use and has a higher spectral resolution than conventional msps without increasing the acquisition time .	该系统容易构建和简单的使用 , 并且具有较高的光谱分辨率 , 没有增加采集时间 。
the outcomes of this series suggest that repeat pv is effective at the same vertebral levels in patients without painrelief who underwent previous pv .	本系列的结果表明 , 重复pv在同一椎体水平上有效的同一椎体水平 , 无痛苦失去以前pv的患者 。
the collaboration with softbank is a good start: the company boasts 22 million subscribers , and its user base has been growing nicely over the past few years .	与软银行合作是一个良好的开始:公司拥有2200万订阅商 , 其用户基地已经在过去几年里发展得很好 。
" i wouldn't dare call myself a pioneer of reform and opening , but , after all , we were the first ordinary people to open a restaurant , " says guo .	" 我不敢自称改革开放的先锋 , 但毕竟 , 我们是第一个普通人开餐馆 。 " 郭说 。
bynum missed the final 46 games of last season with a left knee injury . he is averaging 14 . 0 points and 8 . 2 rebounds .	拜纳姆错过了上赛季左膝损伤的最后46场比赛 , 他平均14.0分和8.2磅 。
the flexible liner system along canal slopes was discussed in detail with respect to the properties of the related expansive soil as well as the design methods .	详细讨论了膨胀土的柔性衬砌体系及设计方法 。
the paper uses the index of sexselective abortion to indicate the effect intension of sexselective abortion on the raising of the sex ratio at birth .	本文采用性选择性吸收指标 , 指出性吸收对性吸收率提高性别比的影响 。
" a woman will have more commendation in being the mother of heroes , " said a federalist , " than in setting up , amazonlike , for a heroine herself .	" 一个女人将有更多的推荐 , 成为英雄母亲 , " 一位联邦主义说 , " 比起来 , 亚马逊像英雄一样 。
terrible busy these days , by the " water margin " actually expired , no found . rare today , go to the library , library hours , before we know .	在我们知道之前 , 经过 " 水边缘 " 实际上 , 很少发现 , 今天 , 去图书馆 , 图书馆小时 。
to extinguish these conditions , we have to redesign the ruling mechanism of companies according to our nation's specific circumstances .	为了排除这些条件 , 我们必须根据我国特定环境 , 按照公司规定机制 。
jitie mouth found a stone tablet stone tablets , many words have been smashed , is obviously dont want to let others know more information about this tomb .	吉妈找到一张石桌 , 很多字已经被打碎了 , 显然不想让别人知道更多关于这个坟墓的信息 。
it provides a blueprint for the interteam communication that is essential not only for meeting business goals , but also for performing effective engineering .	它为团队沟通提供了一个蓝色印刷 , 不仅对于会议业务目标来说 , 而且还为实现有效的工程提供了一定的意义 。
louboutin identifies the shade it uses as “chinese red” , but argues that any confusingly similar shade would infringe the trademark .	路伯丁确定它使用的阴影 , 但认为任何混淆类似的阴影会影响贸易标志 。
so you can go to a number of forums to learn some information above constant color , the forum which will involve which network platform is more reliable .	因此 , 您可以去一些论坛学习一些以上常规颜色的信息 , 这些论坛涉及到的网络平台更可靠 。
assignment . you may not assign , sublicense or otherwise transfer any of your rights or obligations under this agreement , by operation of law or otherwise .	分配 。 您可能不会分配、子许可或其他权利 , 在此协议下转移任何权利或义务 , 通过法律或其他权利 。
pet ownership is booming in china , and the tibetan mastiff is the dog of the moment for those who want to spread their wealth beyond stocks and real estate .	宠物所有权在中国正在增加 , 而藏族主义是那些想要扩展财富超过股票和房地产的狗 。
high school training should be adequately provided for all , and college training should be the monopoly of no class or race in any section of our common country .	高中培训应当充分提供 , 大学培训应该是我们普通国家的单一阶级或比赛 。
this research focuses on the selfidentity of an aboriginal daycare center worker and discusses the effect of social structure context to identification .	本文重点研究了原始日常工作人员自身识别的影响 , 并探讨了社会结构上下文的影响 。
that's because , since 1918 , oberto has used nothing but premium strips of real , lean meat that's seasoned and smoked to perfection .	这是因为 , 自1918年以来 , 奥巴托已经没有使用 , 但实际上并吸烟完美 。
rice praised afghan attorney general abdul jabar sabit for being one of the largest employers of women in the afghan government .	阿富汗总部阿富汗总部阿富汗政府最大的雇主之一 。
he takes off the tom cruise shades , and she sees the eyes of a goat—bright amber ; rectangular pupils , dilating in the dusky evening .	他拿着汤姆粗鲁的影子 , 她看到了一只山羊的眼睛 , 直角的学生们 , 在杜斯基晚上散发 。
based on the analysis of mirror by cang yue , the paper purports to decode the new vision creation of fantastic literature influenced by new media .	根据cgyue的分析 , 提出了新媒体的幻想文学的新视觉创造 。
with the quality products of " classical decoration , perfect exhibition " , yonghong redefines the life and completely shows decoration aesthetics for every user .	随着 " 经典装饰、完美展 " 的质量产品 , 永虹重定义了生活 , 完全展示了每个用户的装饰美学 。
the asian development bank is urging central banks in asia to pause measures to contain high inflation until global market turmoil subsidies .	亚洲开发银行正在敦促亚洲中央银行停止措施 , 直到全球市场转移补贴 。
two other snps also showed significant genebygender interactions , but their effects were not significant in either men or women alone .	另外两个nps也显示出显著的基因生殖器互动 , 但其效应不显著男性或女性单独 。
although only in its second year , the club is a success , partly due to the energy and enthusiasm of its coordinator , susan michal .	尽管在第二年 , 俱乐部只是成功 , 部分由于其协调者的能量和热情 , 苏珊矿业 。
jy8g . de ) made its debut in frankfurt , boosting hopes that investor confidence may be returning after the global credit crunch .	在法兰克福特的债务上 , 推动投资者信心可能在全球信贷信贷交易后返回的希望 。
in mrpd , data is redistributed into some groups at step 1 , and all the groups are multitransmitted according to the request of computer nodes .	在mrpd中 , 数据被重新分布到某些步骤1中 , 并且所有组都是根据计算机节点的要求进行多位限制的 。
two divers off the coast of france peer into denise , a small , twoman diving saucer that is part of jacques cousteau’s oceanic ship calypso .	法国和平海岸两个不同的海岸 , 一个小型的 , 两人离开了科斯塔乌海洋船舱的一部分 。
puerto rican on the wrong side of town , but still gets to wear ravishing new look silhouettes with beautifully matching shoes .	普勒托·艾恩在城镇的错误面上 , 但仍然要穿着新型的丝绸 , 美丽的匹配鞋 。
now investors are demanding that banks like lehman and washington mutual raise capital or sell their assets to raise cash and prove that they are solvent .	现在投资者要求银行像雷曼和华盛顿相互提高资本或销售他们的资产 , 并证明他们是解决的 。
lieberman has addressed a national convention before ; at the democratic national convention in 2000 , he was the party’s vicepresidential nominee .	利伯曼于2000年在民主党议会上解释了国家传统 ; 他是党副总统提名人 。
using sand polluted by the bp oil spill in one experiment , the team was able to separate hydrocarbons from the sand within seconds .	通过一次试验中 , 采用bp油污染的砂污染 , 该团队能够在二秒内分离砂中分离水碳 。
in addition , foundation base may be in dangerous conditions such as sand pipings and upheaval deformations because of unloading soil above artesian aquifer .	此外 , 基础上可能是由于在阿尔特西亚水泥上卸载的土壤上 , 如砂管和升温变形等危险条件 。
for example , one student made a program to inform a selected list of friends , with a short text message , where he was every 15 minutes .	例如 , 一个学生在每15分钟的时间里 , 他每次15分钟就会找到一个选择的朋友列表 。
steer your spaceship with the motion sensors of your windowsphone and fight against the space pirates with your arsenal of upgradable weapons .	将你的空间与您的windows手机的运动传感器和战斗与您的可升级武器的空间海盗 。
this method can provide a new way for determination of aluminum powder con tent of propellant powder with its rapidity and simplicity and certain accuracy .	该方法可以为其快速、简单、一定精度测定铝粉含量的新方法提供一种新的方法 。
as it closes in on its target , the ekv integrates data from the xbrwith its onboard sensors and locks on to the enemy missile .	随着它关闭目标的 , ekv集成了xbrith的网上传感器和锁定到敌人导弹的数据 。
although adopting patent heddle increases the cost , but it increases the output and profit , and the invention benefit is also higher .	虽然采用专利冲突增加了成本 , 但它增加了输出和利润 , 发明效益也更高 。
since the owner was a movie producer , his clienteles were the movie stars , singers and celebrities for his late night supper segment .	由于主人是电影制作商 , 他的客户是电影明星、歌手和名人 。
jerseys , pullovers , cardigans , waistcoats and similar articles , knitted or crocheted , of silk or silk waste .	jerseys , 流动器 , 卡根 , 腰衣和类似的文章 , 编织或腐蚀 , 丝绸或丝绸废物 。
bonding: any of the interactions that account for the association of atoms into molecules , ions , crystals , metals , and other stable species .	结合:分子、离子、晶体、金属等稳定物种的交互 。
another is the loblolly pine . windbreaks not only protect land and crops from the wind . surplus trees can be cut down and used to provide wood .	另一个是罗伯莱松 。 风破坏不仅保护土地和农作物 , 还可以被砍下来 , 用来提供木材 。
their two full backs , john flanagan and jack robinson , were excellent yesterday , up against theo walcott and samir nasri .	他们的两个背部 , 约翰·弗兰根和杰克·罗宾逊昨天是最好的 , 反对沃尔科特和萨姆尔·纳斯里 。
the following factors like diabetes , erythrocyte , level of anastomosis and anastomotic technique were demonstrated to be independent .	论述了糖尿病、红细胞、凋亡水平及抗异常技术等因素 。
aesthetic pursuit has connection to various aspects of news works ; the process that the writer edits news is also the process of aesthetic pursuit .	美学追求与各个方面的新闻工作有联系 ; 作家编辑新闻也是审美追求的过程 。
the six counties and city of the drainage area of zuo river in nanning district lie in the karst area in southwest of guangxi province .	广西省南宁地区六个县和城市 , 位于广西省西南部 。
its characters are : serious conditions , quick change , more shock , easy misdiagnosis , difficult management , more complications and high mortality .	其特点是:严重条件、快速变化、更易误诊、困难管理、更复杂、死亡率高等 。
on august 17 , 2005 , estonian prime minister andrus ansip met in his office with visiting chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing .	2005年8月17日 , 爱东尼亚总理安德鲁·安普在访问中国外交部长李赵兴 。
sudan is committed to implementing the comprehensive peace agreement and holding the referendum in southern sudan in a free and fair way .	苏丹承诺实施全面和平协议 , 并在苏丹南部自由和公平的方式中举行推荐 。
the utility model relates to a component of a suspension system of a conveying vehicle , specifically to a trailer steel sleeve for suspension .	本实用新型涉及一种交通车悬挂系统的悬挂装件 , 特别是一个悬挂钢套 。
to make xiaoshan as our national shoemaking base , we need to do the following:one , identify the commanding heights of development and innovation ;	为了使小山成为我们的国家鞋基地 , 我们需要做以下:一 , 识别开发和创新高度 ;
improved fluorochemicals have recently made it possible to use a higher concentration of perfluorochemicals without causing medical complications .	近年来 , 氟化学的改进使得最近使用高浓度的氟化学 , 没有导致医疗并发症 。
children with family history of asthma or individual history of hypersensitivity were more likely to develop respiratory symptoms .	高敏症家庭历史或个人历史的儿童更可能发展呼吸症状 。
the present invention also relates to the new method of using the new affinity chromatography mediums in purifying and producing cobra neurotoxin .	本发明还涉及用于纯化和生产cobra神经毒素的新方法 。
scanning whitelight interferometry increases the portrait measurement range , and its measurement precision achieves the level of nanometer .	扫描whitel光干涉度提高了肖像测量范围 , 其测量精度达到纳米水平 。
province labor ensures hall floorwalker zhang deyou to moderate , office grows jiao xuebai to make important speech .	省劳动保证厅面行人张德瑜瑜瑜 , 办公生长joxuebai , 做出重要演讲 。
grab a wide variety of historically accurate weapons including machine guns , bazookas , sniper rifles and flamethrowers .	抓住多种历史上准确的武器 , 包括机枪 , 巴佐卡斯 , 尼波尔和火焰喷射器 。
a study was carried out in this paper on the dyeing and finishing performance of a watersoluble sulfur black dye containing polycarboxylic groups .	研究了含有聚羧基团的水溶性硫黑染料染色和完成性能 。
a preparation method of anodic aluminum oxide film with thick barrier layer is provided , which belongs to the field of material technology .	给出了一种具有厚壁层的氧化铝膜的制备方法 , 属于材料技术领域 。
the ideal threshold for choosing between sequential and parallel execution is a function of the cost of coordinating the parallel tasks .	序列和并行执行之间选择的理想阈值是协调并行任务的一个功能 。
result: there were no obvious differences in microscopic characters in adonis amurensis regel et radd in the northeast region .	结果:东北地区微观特征无显著差异 。
the facial problem is a reflection of people body's splanchnic problem . only both internal and external treatment can help solve the skin problem radically .	面部问题是人体脾脏问题的反映 , 只有内外治疗才能有助于解决皮肤问题 。
this product is the most advantaged and clinicalvalue method for diagnosis of early nephropathy damnification equipped with enormous market demands .	本产品是诊断具有巨大的市场需求的早期肾病损伤的最优和临床价值方法 。
leehom was awarded again " the best producer " in 2004 and " the best male vocalist " in 2006 by golden melody award committee .	2004年 , 李国姆再次获得 " 最佳生产商 " 和 " 最佳男性音乐家2006年由金梅洛迪奖委员会获得奖 。
they include an ecommerce storefront app , a community web site , a portal site , sample reports , and a project timetracking app .	他们包括一个电子商务店前应用程序、社区网站、门户网站、样本报告和项目时间跟踪应用程序 。
indian multiplexes added on an average 14 to 21 new shows in the second week of the movie compared to its first week with 150 additional shows .	在第二周 , 印度多文本中添加了平均14至21个新的节目 , 与其第一周的150个附加节目相比 。
candles and holders , gifts articles , ceramic vases , leaf and sugar cane vases , consol tables , panels , candle holders .	蜡烛和保持者 , 礼品 , 陶瓷品 , 叶片和糖糖糖浆 , 凝固表 , 面板 , 蜡烛持有者 。
he knocks into drums , speakers , drops his mike , picks it up , then throws it to the floor and tosses himself after it for good measure .	他敲进鼓里 , 演讲者 , 把牛肉拿起来 , 然后把它扔到地板上 , 然后把它放到地板上 , 用好的措施 。
says levit , " don't approach your boss with a sense of entitlement , as though he is personally responsible for furthering your career .	李维特说: " 不要接近老板的意义 , 就像他个人负责进一步的职业生涯 。
attila , king of the huns and ravager of much of western europe , died a death that was not quite what one would have expected from such a fierce warrior .	亚蒂拉 , 亨斯和拉瓦格大部分西欧洲的王亚特拉死亡 , 很多西欧的死亡 , 很多人希望能从这场激烈战士中获得的事情 。
there’s a videosharing ability , by which you can watch videos “with” other people , though your interactions are limited to a chatroom beside the video .	有一个视频共享能力 , 您可以看到视频 " 宽松 " 的其他人 , 尽管你的互动在视频附近有限 。
it improved some of the subjective symptoms of xerosis , the clinical xerotic severity score and dermoscopic appearance .	它改善了xerosis的一些主观症状 , 临床x血清严重分和dermosc光学表现 。
lift the clutch pedal , start to lift soon , when the feeling gradually with the clutch pressure plate linked to a half , it begins to slow down .	抬起剪切板 , 开始立即抬起 , 当感觉逐渐与剪切压板连接到半个时候 , 它开始慢下降 。
bottomup reform cannot be resisted because it requires no negotiations , avoids confrontations , and it spreads like an unstoppable plague .	底层改革不能抵抗 , 因为它不需要谈判 , 避免对抗 , 这样它就像一个不可避免的平原 。
ames spends the rest of the movie plotting to get his revenge , make his escape and seize his little daughter back from her new foster parents .	艾米斯花了电影的其他部分来获得他的收入 , 让他的逃离 , 把小女儿从她新教育家长中回来 。
in other words , the value assigned by this rule is the one that should prevail in the case that test1 is among the tests that were assigned to a machine .	换句话说 , 这个规则分配的值是应该在测试1中分配到机器的测试中预先使用的一个 。
a few weeks later , we got word that the kerry people wanted me to speak at the convention , although it was not yet clear in what capacity .	几周后 , 我们得到了一句话 , 克里人希望我在约会上讲话 , 尽管这并不清楚什么能力 。
the result of the research can also be used for reference in solving the same salt problems of other grottoes and earth relics in the northwestern arid regions in china .	研究结果也可用于解决中国西北干旱区的同一盐问题及其它盐问题的参考 。
a crystalline compound , c6h 12n 3ps , a sulfurcontaining analogue of tepa , used to treat certain malignant tumors .	水晶化合物 , c6h12n3ps , 含硫类似tepa , 用于治疗某些恶性肿瘤 。
this paper describes the fundamental of thermometry and the types of thermometer . it also presents a method of making a thermocouple thermometer .	本文介绍了热量计的基本原理及热量计的类型 , 提出了一种热耦合热量计的方法 。
monaco is on the mediterranean coast , 18km east of nice and near the italian border , and is surrounded on three sides by france .	摩纳哥位于法国的中海岸 , 18公里东 , 位于意大利边境附近 , 附近三侧 。
of course , no one text is going to change the world , but put together , these treatises will constrain alqaida's recruitment pool somewhat .	当然 , 没有一个文本将改变世界 , 但把这些条约约束qaida的招聘池一起 。
rich dad stopped by at noon on the third week . we heard his truck pull up in the parking lot and sputter when the engine was turned off .	第三周中午 , 富爸停下来 , 我们听到卡车在停车场上很多 , 当发动机被转了 。
this added voltage is mainly power line frequency and its effect on the voltmeter reading will depend upon the normalmode rejection capability of the meter .	该增加电压主要是电力线频率和其对电压计阅读的影响将依赖于正模拒绝能力 。
henan bailihui trading co . , ltd . is a company mainly engaged in fine wine , imported wine , cigar , famous tea and tobacco .	河南白惠贸易有限公司主要从事优良酒、进口酒、烟、名茶、烟草等产品 。
and try to make the room in any bedding face reflected in the mirror of food on the table , in order to receive the " double your wealth " the effect .	为了获得 " 双重财富 " 的效果 。
when the camels had finished drinking , the man took out a gold nose ring weighing a beka and two gold bracelets weighting ten shekels .	当卡米尔完成饮料时 , 男子拿出一枚金鼻环重牛肉和两个金手镯重量十公斤 。
this research takes fuqing' s preschool teachers for example to investigate the job burnout and influence factors of them by questionnaire .	本研究以福庆市前学校教师为例 , 通过问卷调查工作负担和影响因素 。
while the atomic variable classes might look superficially like the synchronizedcounter example in listing 1 , the similarity is only superficial .	虽然原子变量类可能会像清单1中的同步计数 , 但相似性只是超级 。
another risk is that individual and commercial accounts will get mixed , as they did with the shamesyeakels , who are now suing their bank .	另一个风险是 , 个人和商业账户将会混合 , 因为他们现在正在继续银行 。
the utility model can not only lead a setline lover to use a very long fishing rod to fish , but also can cut off or set off as well as throw a fish hook conveniently .	本实用新型不仅能导致一个定居爱者使用非常长的鱼棒 , 还可以减少或减少鱼钩 , 而且可以方便地抛出鱼钩 。
the results also showed that much more steady combustion could be obtained with mechanical spray nozzle than with steam atomizer for some burners with poor performance .	结果表明 , 某些燃烧机性能较差 , 燃烧机械喷雾喷雾喷雾器能得到更稳定的燃烧 。
this resulting schema definition and the soap message that is generated for this service are languageneutral and follow the wsi basic profile .	这导致这个服务生成的schema定义和soap消息是语言中性并遵循wsi基本概要 。
recycle your code ! create a collection of your favorite and oftenused snippets and make sure that it’s easily searchable and well organized .	回收您的代码 ! 创建您最喜欢的收集并且常用的snippet , 确保它很容易搜索和组织 。
we provided updates on an hourly basis to keep our users informed of the situation until it was resolved today just before 4pm pdt .	我们在一个小时基础上提供更新以保持我们的用户通知情况 , 直到今天4pmpdt之前就解决了 。
therefore it is still a challenging question for knee surgeons to reconstruct the function of meniscus which was injured or resected .	因此 , 膝外科医生仍然是一个挑战的问题 , 重建损伤或切除的menicus的功能 。
for example , some on the political right reject anything the new york times reports and uncritically believe anything offered by fox news ;	例如 , 一些政治权拒绝纽约时报的任何东西 , 并不敢相信福克斯新闻提供的任何东西 ;
despite trump's lovehate relationship with china , his chinese fans believe he's the one who can make the u . s . , and even the world , great again .	尽管特朗普的爱与中国的关系 , 他的中国球迷相信他能制造美国 , 甚至世界也是伟大的 。
similarly , plans by local chinese governments to improve infrastructure loom large for heavyequipment makers like caterpillar inc . .	同样 , 中国政府计划改善基础设施大量的重设备制造商如caterpillarinc 。
when grains are ground , or leaves are cooked , they become more digestible , allowing more nutrients to get absorbed by the body .	当谷物是地面 , 或叶子被烹饪时 , 它们变得更易消化 , 让更多营养的营养被体吸收 。
one would have expected he was looking for an opportunity to keep his team close in a hardfought game against a big city school .	一个人预计他正在寻找一个机会 , 以保持他的团队接近一个大城市学校的艰难比赛 。
several major banks including ubs lowered their growth forecasts for china through 2012 last week , largely because of concern that exports will fade .	上周 , 一些主要银行包括ubs降低了他们对中国的增长预测 , 大多是因为出口将面临的忧虑 。
thermal loading concentrated on the outer circumference of the discs during the engagement time may result in a form of conical deformation . disc waviness may ar...	热负荷集中在离散过程中的外循环 , 可能导致锥形变形的形式 , 离散波浪可归档 。
depending on the diverse document filters in the system , it might be necessary to also add a check to see if the request document is an html document .	依据系统中多元文档滤波器 , 可以添加一个检查 , 请求文档是否是html文档 。
most of the 50 , 000 apps that have been written for cellphones that use the operating system should run in some fashion on androidbased tablets .	大多数5000个应用程序都应该在安德鲁id平板上运行的手机上使用操作系统的手机 。
the writer combines the history and rational thought , profoundly and dialectically analyses each author's works of different periods .	作者结合历史和理性思想 , 深刻地分析各作者的作品不同时期的作品 。
the plant office is secured with a yellow bicycle lock . boxes of fisherprice toys for toddlers can be seen stacked in the warehouse .	植物办公室以黄自行车锁定 , 可以在仓库中看到的渔业价格玩具盒 。
considering the multidimensional and nonlinear characteristic of physiological information fusing , the thesis use svm for building medical modeling .	针对生理信息融合的多维性和非线性特征 , 采用svm建立医学模型 。
american tennis player helen jacobs with the wightman cup after the usa beat britain at wimbledon , london on june 16 , 1934 .	1934年6月16日 , 伦敦打败英国维伯伦敦 , 美国网球球球员海伦·雅科布斯和沃尔曼杯的比赛 。
the pakistan people's party , ms . bhutto's party , says a united nations investigation into her death it is the only way to get at the truth .	巴基斯坦人民党 , 布特托的党长说 , 一项联合国调查到她死亡的唯一途径是达到真理的唯一的方法 。
as a mode of industry organizations intervenient by enterprise and market , industry clusters has promoted and will promote region development of economy .	作为企业和市场干预的产业组织干预方式 , 行业集群促进 , 促进经济发展 。
the newspaper calls also for victoria to be allowed to try out daily life in cohabitation with her boyfriend before any decision is taken to get married .	报纸称 , 维多利亚也允许在任何决定结婚之前 , 与她的男朋友一起尝试日常生活 。
“but despite these successes , ” he warns , “there remain real concerns about high levels of bycatch and the reasons behind them .	" 尽管这些成功 , " 他警告说 , " 尽管这些成功仍然关注高层次的偏见和后面原因 。
" with the coming of the 3g era , wireless internet will have exponential growth , " cinic said in a statement accompanying the release of its report .	" 随着3g时代的来临 , 无线互联网将有昂贵的增长 , " cinic在一份声明中说 。
this hubble space telescope image reveals " the cat's eye nebula " to be one of the most complex " planetary nebulae " known .	这个哈勃的太空望远镜显示 " 猫的眼睛内布拉 " 是世界上最复杂的 " 星球星云 " 之一 。
plastics piping systems . glass reinforced thermosetting plastics components . test methods to prove the design of bolted flange joints .	塑料管道系统 。 玻璃加固热塑料组件 , 测试方法 , 证明螺栓式联接设计 。
disney executives say that if their efforts in china are successful , they'll likely roll out english schools in other countries around the world .	迪斯尼执行官说 , 如果他们在中国的努力成功 , 他们可能会在世界各地其他国家的英语学校 。
with all these and many more beautiful places that exist in our world , we are lost for choice and the only way to decide on the places to visit is to follow the heart .	随着我们世界上存在的各种美丽的地方 , 我们失去选择和唯一的办法就是追随心路 。
residents of soweto , or other urban areas in south africa , are likely to grumble about foreigners in the same way as in rich countries .	南非其他城市地区的居民可能会在富裕国家同样的外国人群中抱怨 。
one guugu yimithirr speaker was filmed telling his friends the story of how in his youth , he capsized in sharkinfested waters .	一位guuguyimithirr演讲员被电影告诉他的朋友们如何在他的青年中如何的故事 , 他在鲨鱼感染的水中被捕 。
limited data indicate that ms0 and tsr are in a relationship of 1:0 . 93 on average , that is the value of ms0 is larger than tsr .	有限数据显示 , ms0和tsr的平均值大于tsr 。
the sex games that start with such light laughter and smooching now got all dark and interesting . the more inventive the guy , the more creative it got .	这种轻笑起来的性游戏现在都有黑暗和有趣 , 更有创造力的男孩 , 更有创造力 。
the nqae and qam decide if additional action is required and implement this action to ensure that planned audits are performed as stipulated .	nqae和qam决定是否需要额外的行动 , 并实施此行动 , 以确保计划审计作为标准 。
it also can protect the magnetic restraint busbar protection from maloperation possibly caused by variation of the secondary load of ct .	它还可以保护可能由ct二次负荷变化导致的磁性约束杆保护 。
the results indicated that the clean degree of ulc slab adapting two production technology was approximately consistent at the steady state casting ;	结果表明 , 在稳态铸造中 , 紫外板的清洁度为两种生产工艺 。
a deliverable is a measurable , verifiable work product such as a specification , feasibility study report , detailed design document , or working prototype .	可交付的是一种可测、可验证的工作产品 , 例如规范、可行性研究报告、详细的设计文档或工作原型 。
the confederate soldiers promised not to fight anymore . in return for this promise , they were released on parole and sent home to their families .	联邦军方承诺不再战斗 , 回到这个承诺 , 他们被释放在巴罗里 , 送回家里 。
caterpillars move by a wave that starts at the back end of their body and sweeps through each segment until it reaches the head , pushing it forward .	卡特皮尔斯从身体的后端移动 , 直到达到头部 , 推动它 。
the moscow station has grayscale mosaics depicting scenes from dostoevsky's stories , which are characteristically dark and violent .	莫斯科站有灰色的摩西图形 , 从多斯托夫斯基的故事中描绘现场 , 特别是黑暗和暴力 。
globalization is an irresistible trend and the author thinks that chinese economy and culture will benefit more during the process of globalization .	全球化是一种不可抵抗的趋势 , 作者认为 , 中国经济和文化在全球化过程中会有更多的效益 。
by forcing them to review his departure , mr nozoe may help instil one last reform: greater transparency and accountability at the level of the board .	通过迫使他们回顾他的离婚 , 诺佐先生可能会帮助最后一次改革:更透明度和会计性 。
maybe they like us . we've had david beckham , robert pires , dennis bergkamp , jens lehmann and now thierry again .	也许他们喜欢我们 , 我们有大卫贝克汉姆 , 罗伯特皮雷斯 , 丹尼斯伯格坎普 , 詹姆·莱曼和现在再次更厚 。
they hugged each other , and dr . stoddard whispered in mrs . thompson's ear , " thank you mrs . thompson for believing in me . "	他们互相抱怨 , 斯塔德德博士在汤普森先生的耳边 , " 感谢汤普森先生相信 。 "
overscheduled , stressed , or worried kids often start sleeping less than they should , and sleep deprivation has serious consequences .	过度调度 , 压力 , 或者担心孩子常开始睡眠 , 睡眠剥夺严重的后果 。
in 1825he bought land for a farmandfactory commune in indiana . it attracted farmers , artisans and intellectuals .	1825年 , 他购买了印度安纳农村社区的土地 , 它吸引了农民、阿蒂冈和知识分子 。
through a combination of extravagance and mismanagement , celebrity photographer annie leibovitz finds herself $24m in debt .	通过对提高和错误管理的结合 , 优质摄影师安妮·莱伯维兹发现自己在债务中24毫米 。
mr . chen wenhao required a unified thought to guarantee the complete fulfillment of all kinds of work and the success of the convention .	陈文浩先生要求统一的思想 , 以保证各种工作的完整满足 , 成功 。
recently , discoveries of early human remains in china and spa,in have cast doubt on the 'out of africa' theory , but noone was certain .	近年来 , 中国和西班牙的发现仍然存在着一定的怀疑 , 但没有人确定 。
in 1995 , he wrote a lyric titled " a child in a temple " , describing his life and studies in the temple when he was young .	1995年 , 他在庙里写了一个 " 一个小孩 " , 描述了他的生命和研究 。
the reports of a given jurisdiction in the course of a generation take up pretty much the whole body of the law , and restate it from the present point of view .	在一代法律的过程中 , 给定的法官的报道取得了很多的全身体 , 然后从当前的角度重新启动它 。
but he decided to pick up the pen , groping , continue writing , write every word , he needs to pay ordinary people can not imagine the hard work .	但他决定采取笔、成长、继续写作、每一句话 , 他需要支付普通人不能想象硬工作 。
the " table of import tax rates on personal luggage of passengers and personal postal parcels " is part and parcel of this set of provisions .	进口税率的个人行为和个人邮政公园 " 是该规定的一部分和范围 。
about 20 years ago the city and certain visionary private developers began trying to change that too , renovating commercial space into loft apartments .	大约20年前 , 城市和某些视觉私人开发人员也开始试图改变 , 改造商业空间进入洛杉矶公寓 。
let the host family knows clearly the time/place/destination/counterpart in advance and get the consent when you want to go on a trip or stay out .	让主机家人清楚地了解时间/地产/地产/地产/帐户 , 并且当你想去旅行或停留的时候 , 得到同意 。
by the way , there were lots of flatlike buildings in former soviet union , in which there were public toilets , bathrooms and kitchens .	路透 , 苏联前苏联有很多平面的建筑 , 其中有公厕、浴室和厨房 。
second , there are some diabetes patients who may benefit from avandia , and third , patients on avandia may wish to remain on the drug .	其次 , 有一些糖尿病患者可能受益于vandandia , 第三 , 患者可能希望保持药物 。
hwang later admitted faking data to make the papers look better but claimed that a colleague duped him into thinking that the cell lines were genuine .	王后来承认假设数据让论文看起来更好 , 但声称一个同事把他认为细胞线是真正的 。
it also ensures that your application back end runs with your usual privileges , so you don't have to make crucial files worldwriteable , which is a big plus .	它还确保您的应用程序后端运行通常特权 , 因此您不必制作关键文件世界可编写 , 这是一个大增加 。
phoenix suns chief executive and president rick welts , a longtime nba executive , told the new york times he's gay .	据纽约时报道 , 凤凰太阳首席执行官和总统里克·韦尔斯 , 一位长期的nba执行官告诉纽约时报 。
the running fund of associated club are collected through moneyraising by the participants , and authority provide places and sports facilities .	联合国俱乐部的运营基金由参与者收集资金 , 权威提供地点和体育设施 。
it tummysolutely speeds recovery from leg ulcers simprove the report by the university of leeds' school of heingterneveryivehcare .	它是由莱德斯大学直流式hcare大学简化报道的法律溃疡恢复的 。
the death of king bhumibol adulyadej of thailand means queen elizabeth ii has become the world's longestreigning living monarch .	泰国王bhumibol的死亡意味着女王伊丽莎白二世成为世界上最长的君主 。
article 44 where the orderer has prescribed the qualifications for the construction enterprises to contract the works , the provisions of such qualifications shall apply .	第四百四十四条建筑企业合同工作 , 应当适用该规定 。
this paper deals with the cultivation of spirulina platensis in large areas . it was successful and predicted for splendid prospects of spirulina cultivation .	论述了大地区脊髓硬化培养 , 成功预测脊髓培养前景 。
product simple , fresh , unique style , smell fragrant soak into the depths of bamboo heart , elegant and refined , unique .	产品简单 , 新鲜 , 独特风格 , 闻到竹心深度 , 优雅 , 精炼 , 独特 。
author has analyzed the poisoning reason of catalyst in kellog ammonia converter , presented the technical measures preventing catalyst from poison .	文章分析了钾转换器催化剂的毒性原因 , 提出了防毒催化剂的技术措施 。
incomplete diallel crosses were made ir an experiment with bivoltine races of silkworm to study the genetic effects of six quantitative characters .	对六定量特性的遗传效应进行了不完全的二甲酸盐交叉试验 , 研究了六个定量特性的遗传效应 。
when i see pure on all sides , yet discover a god to only have me in the debt is 2 human with suo promise , didn't see the diagram of fu nuo at all .	当我看到纯粹的时候 , 却发现上帝只有我在债务中拥有我2个人 , 没有看到福恩图 。
there are several good ways to do that , including a swot analysis , evaluating your market , developing your organizational identity or simply forecasting sales .	有几种好办法 , 包括swot分析 , 评估你的市场 , 开发你的组织身份或简单预测销售 。
wander round to the gulang villa hotel , also on gulangyu , and you'll see three rather downatheel looking seafood restaurants right next to each other .	游客回古兰维拉酒店 , 同时也在广州 , 你会看到三个相互看着海鲜餐馆 。
this invention provides a set of selfpowered mechanical device , an autoregulating movable weirplate , a backflushing buffer and liftpull valve .	本发明提供一套自动功率机械装置 , 一种自动调节可移动螺旋 , 背流缓冲和升降阀 。
in this paper , the authors give two propositions to find the conditional extremes of multivariable functions by using simple forms of cauchy inequality .	本文通过简单的缓冲不平衡 , 找出了多变函数的条件极端 。
the paper chooses 147 private enterprises as samples , analyses the 21 inner influencing factors by factor analysis and get 7 common factors .	本文选择147个私营企业作为样品 , 通过因素分析 , 得到7个常见因素分析21个内部影响因素 。
the behavior of ca alginate immobilized yeast and polyvinyl alcohol immobilized yeast for continuous production of ethanol is studied .	研究了乙醇连续生产的聚乙醇的催化酵母和聚乙烯醇的行为 。
doing so has all sorts of bad consequences , including poor performance , massive system backups , deterring manageability , and increasing odds of failure .	因此 , 各种不良后果 , 包括不良性能、大规模系统备份、决策管理性和增加失败的奇迹 。
a novel approach to the realtime speech quality evaluation in a packet network using feedforward multiple class random neural network was presented .	提出了一种利用反馈式多阶级随机神经网络实时演讲质量评价的新方法 。
nevertheless , in the process that await , 9 cities must the loss of the prediction of a person's luck in a given year that susceptive is a player and income .	然而 , 在等待9个城市的过程中 , 9个城市一定会损失一个人幸运的预测 , 这是一个球员和收入的过程 。
objective:to investigate the relationship between the changes of plasm endothelin and nitric oxide and blood pressure in patients with essential hypertension .	目的:探讨血浆内皮素和肾氧化物与血压的关系 。
after the meeting , dai and kim watched the debut of the opera , " the dream of the red chamber " , along with the dprk people from all walks of life .	在会议之后 , 戴和金正看了戏剧的辩论 , " 红楼梦 " 的梦想 , 随着dprk的人生的各行走 。
objective to test the strength of different suture fixation of tendon or ligament end and evaluate appropriate stitches number in cruciate ligament reconstruction .	目的探讨不同缝合或韧带结扎固定的强度 , 并评价适当的缝合数量在切割韧带修复中的应用 。
it is necessary to calculate the loading situation when designing arch pipe . the computation and application of arch pipes in crossing project is mainly discussed .	在设计拱管时 , 必须计算拱管的负载情况 , 主要讨论跨工程中拱管的计算和应用 。
objective to evaluate the value of magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatographyin the diagnosis of benign and malignant bile tract obstructions .	目的探讨磁共振胆道梗阻的诊断价值 。
experts believe this is largely due to the fact that men have thicker skin which hides the appearance of bulging fat cells that cause cellulite .	专家认为 , 这主要是由于男性皮肤厚 , 这种皮肤隐藏了造成细胞细胞的大型脂肪细胞的出现 。
i'll talk about who will benefit from the course and a little bit about sort of the detailed subject matter that we'll cover in the course of this semester .	我会谈到谁会从课程中获益 , 以及一些关于我们本学期的详细课题的一些问题 。
does your stomach tense ? your breathing quicken ? your pulse race ? your hands tremble ? these sensations prevented carly simon from performing live for years .	你的胃紧张吗 ? 你的呼吸速度快 ? 你的脉冲比率 ? 你的手折射吗 ? 这些感觉阻止了经过多年的生活 。
during the production of hog cholera rabbitadapeted bovine testis cellular vaccine , there occurred that the virulence of the vaccine has not attained its standard .	在霍格·克莱拉·拉伯塔拉·拉伯达达型的牛肉睾丸细胞疫苗生产过程中 , 疫苗的病毒并未获得其标准 。
the active chlorine atoms were introduced in the chlorinated cispolybutadiene through a strong organic acid containing active chlorine .	通过含有活性氯的有机酸 , 介绍了氯化丙烯中的活性氯原子 。
our companys product are very well , and the products are wellselled in the world , such as : eastasia . and we have a great number of costoms in the world , es . japen , korea .	我公司产品很好 , 产品销售在世界 , 比如:东亚 , 我们在世界上拥有大量的成本 , 日本 , 韩国 。
soil salinization is one of the major factors compromising crop growth and leading to soil degeneration and desertification in natural ecological environment .	土壤盐化是农作物生长的主要因素之一 , 导致土壤变化和沙漠化在自然生态环境中 。
this name in explaining their motives mayor acknowledged media reports of criminal incidents over the city xi wali , he is writing reports balance .	这名叫解释他们的电影市长承认在城市西威利的犯罪事故报道 , 他是平衡的报道 。
this papers mainly introduces the making principles , properties , affecting factors and uses of the neutral silicone sealant for building and decoration .	本文主要介绍了建筑装饰中硅密封剂的制造原理、性能、影响因素及使用 。
current work includes a contemporary five bedroom house , a modern home over 1500m square and the complete redesignofafamilyhouse .	目前的工作包括当代五间卧室 , 现代家庭超过1500万平方公里和完全退休家庭 。
and then , there's also a sincere and urgent question about how the person is middle aged person , and he doesn't want to waste time , and you know how should he practice .	然后 , 还有一个真诚的和迫切的问题 , 他不想浪费时间 , 你知道他应该如何实践 。
english idioms become the subject of aesthetics , for the inborn attractiveness , appeal and sociality which turns to be aesthetical values .	英语学成为审美学的主题 , 对于出生吸引力、吸引力和社会价值来说 , 成为审美价值 。
the cachedrowsetimpl implementation is scrollable , allowing you to scroll backwards and forwards amongst the set of records represented by a rowset .	缓存链简单实现可滚动 , 允许您滚动后面和前面由行表示的记录组表示的记录 。
yet as our special report in this week’s issue shows , the achievements of germany , europe’s biggest economy , tell a rather different story .	然而 , 在本周的问题上 , 德国、欧洲最大的经济成就 , 告诉一个相当不同的故事 。
calls to the api take the form of an http request to an established service entrypoint url , including details of the request as xml data .	调用api以http请求形式来建立的服务入点url , 包括xml数据的细节 。
malaysia still keeps primary and secondary schools . pupils are taught in chinese except for the subjects of english and malay culture .	马来西亚仍然保持主要和二级学校 , 除了英语和马来文化的主题外 , 学生们教 。
this lets you generate pdf files , xls spreadsheets , or dynamic web pages without actually opening an ide and compiling any code .	这让您生成pdf文件、xls扩展表或动态web页面 , 实际上没有开放一个ide并编译任何代码 。
the results show that the effect intension of sexselective abortion had been increasing in the course of time and it was uneven upon fertile women with different demographic characteristics .	结果表明 , 在不同民主特征下 , 性选择性吸收过程中 , 性吸收的效果逐渐增加 , 不同民主特征不均匀 。
the core of higher education is to train the students of gain creative abilites . the key lies in the teachers'guidance and the students'participation .	高等教育的核心是培养学生的创造性abilite , 关键是教师指导和学生参与的关键 。
a new contract for robin van persie is on arsène wenger's agenda but he does not want the issue to become a media obsession in the months to come .	罗宾·范佩西的新合同在阿森纳温格的议程上 , 但他不希望这个问题在几个月内成为媒体阻碍 。
the beauty of seven < /p> < p> son hostage threatened chen yu , chen yu eventually did not dare let america hurt , let these people .	七个</p>儿子主持威胁陈玉 , 最终不敢让美国伤害 , 让这些人 。
i did my home work when planning for the trip to angkor wat . i knew it would be hard to take good pictures of basreliefs using the built in flash on the camera .	我在计划到angkorwat的时候做了家工作 。 我知道 , 利用摄像机建立的闪光照片 , 很难采取好照片 。
botrytis and anthracnose can cause rot of leaves and loss of young growth , usually stems lying on the ground or splashed during irrigation .	在灌溉期间 , 瓶颈炎和喉咙会导致叶子的旋转 , 年轻的生长损失 , 通常在地面上干扰或发芽 。
the quality means person's general conditions which includes the person's quality of thought and moral , science ond culture , labour skill .	质量意味着人类思想和道德质量的普遍条件 , 科学上文化 , 劳动技能 。
wang wei expresses to this , cent brews really into the plan long already , the most crucial problem that faces is advertisement advocate admit degree .	王伟表达了这一点 , 中央出现了很长的计划 , 面临广告承认程度最关键的问题 。
we can reship orders that are returned to us as undeliverable or unclaimed . however , customers will be charged resend shipping fee per parcel .	然而 , 我们可以向我们返回的订单 , 然而 , 客户每公园都会收费 。
price undertakings shall not be sought or accepted unless mofcom have made a preliminary affirmative determination of dumping and injury caused by such dumping .	除非mofcom的初步确定 , 否则价格不应该采取或接受或接受 。
results anthocyanin from purple sweet potato consists of cyanidin , delphinidin , malvidin , petunidin and methyl anthocyanins .	结果纯甜薯素包括氰胺、三苯胺、马尔维丁、潘丁和甲基酸酯组成 。
get to know different types of smoking woods for making barbeque brisket and learn more about bbq grills and fire pits in this free cooking video .	了解不同类型的吸烟木材 , 学习更多关于bbq格栅和火坑在这个自由烹饪视频 。
solar alternativeitude , azimuth , geography longitude , latitude , alternativeitude , cloud cover , atmospheric transparency .	太阳替代方向 , 动态 , 地理长度 , 纬度 , 替代方向 , 云覆盖 , 大气透明度 。
designer li xinggang once said the bowl shape would help spectators focus on the bottom center of the container , and integrate people and the structure as a whole .	设计师李兴刚曾经说 , 碗形能帮助观众集中在容器底部 , 集成人们和结构 。
there might be no better place in the world to learn to scuba dive than the glassy seas around key west , at the southernmost tip of the u . s .	世界上没有更好的地方去了解科比西边的玻璃海洋 , 在美国最南部的顶尖 。
u . s . president barack obama is devoting most of his time and public appearances these days to one issue reforming the nation's health care system .	美国总统奥巴马在今天大部分时间和公众出现 , 改革国家健康保健体系的一个问题 。
the components of starch , fat , amino acid and ash were determined to analyzed nutrient components of iron stick yam and bubil .	研究了淀粉、脂肪、氨基酸和灰的营养成分 , 分析铁粘yam和泡沫营养成分 。
i am a totally shock when i read this message , then i though back what he sms me last night , he seems like have some kind of showing since yesterday .	当我读到这个消息时 , 我完全震惊了 , 然后我想回来他昨晚对我来说 , 他看起来就像昨天那样有一些表现 。
as a characteristic type of city , resources cities have ever made great achievements in building up the whole industry and national economy system for china .	资源城市作为一个特色城市 , 在建设整个行业和国家经济体系的建设中 , 已有很大的成就 。
introduced are basic principle , process flow , technical characteristics and engineering example of locat sulfur recovery process and its application prospect in china .	介绍了当地硫回收过程的基本原理、过程流程、技术特点及工程应用前景 。
if you've used rails acts_as_authenticated , you know that a loggedin user will set the value associated with the :user key within the session .	如果您已经使用了铁路操作操作操作 , 您知道一个标记用户将设置与会话内的用户关联的值 。
dinstein explained neural activity continues even during sleep and in a typical brain , normally correlates to certain patterns .	在睡眠和典型大脑中 , 神经活动也继续存在 , 通常与某些模式有关 。
the team also designed a removable observation tower that could be used to direct the fire of the howitzers and rockets while the tank was in a turret down position .	这个团队还设计了一个可移动的观测塔 , 可以用来直接火箭和火箭的位置 。
our government should build various facilities such as sewage treatment plant and encourage scientists to work out more and better ways to reduce water pollution .	我们的政府应该建立各种设施 , 如污水处理厂 , 鼓励科学家工作 , 减少水污染 。
although they risked being heckled for saying so , chinese voices on the web suggested that public opinion here is ready for something more sophisticated .	尽管他们冒险地说 , 中国语音在网络上说 , 但这里公众的意见已经准备了一些更复杂的东西 。
newland archer , looking out of his hotel window atthe stately gaiety of the paris streets , felt his heartbeating with the confusion and eagerness of youth .	纽兰考古 , 看着他的酒店窗户 , 看着巴黎街的国家高兴 , 感觉到他的心跳与青年的混乱和渴望 。
ben: yes . numerous people stayed up that night and on tv i saw people walking on the chang' an street waving the national flags excitedly .	本:是的 。 很多人住在那个晚上 , 在电视上 , 我看到人们在长街上走路 , 激动了国家旗帜 。
interrogation hermione , he did admit that xiuzhi and zhimin also try their best to help cover hermione , the responsibility to push on the whole region .	他承认 , 徐志明和志明同样努力帮助赫敏 , 负责推动整个地区的责任 。
even though the fitted bodice can draw attention to ladies with smaller or heavier busts , small adjustments can be made to provide a more balanced shape .	虽然配套的盒子也可以引起更小或更重的女士的注意 , 但小调整可以提供更平衡的形状 。
clearly , different levels of management , whether shorebased or at sea , will require varying levels of knowledge and awareness of the items outlined .	清楚地 , 管理水平不同 , 无论海岸基础或海上 , 都要求不同的知识水平和意识项目的意识 。
the government allowed sharia law to be imposed there earlier this year after failing to suppress the twoyear offensive by armed extremists in the region .	今年早些时候 , 政府允许沙利亚法律被武装极端分子抑制两年的攻击 。
he added english subtitles for the movie were provided in eight local cinemas , although seven of them only showed its 2d version , according to the report .	据报道 , 英国电影提供了8个地方电影 , 虽然7个只显示了它的2d版本 。
according to daly , an apple representative spoke to him by phone to inform him that the rejection of the app was due to its " politically charged " nature .	据大卫说 , 一位苹果代表对他说话 , 告诉他 , 由于它的 " 政治指控 " 自然 。
the scientific basis for establishing a set of scientific and integrated system of examination for further carrying out postgraduate education thorou...	建立一套科学综合考试体系 , 进一步实施后大学教育的科学基础 。
perhaps most importantly , cd19l killed even those leukemia cells that were highly resistant to both standard chemotherapy drugs as well as radiation .	也许最重要的是 , cd19l甚至杀死了那些高度抵抗标准化疗药物和辐射的白血病细胞 。
the system will enable warfighters to use handheld computers to request fullmotion video of area of interests such as suspected enemy positions or hostile territory .	该系统将允许战士使用手持计算机 , 请求充分运动视频 , 例如怀疑敌方位置或敌方领域 。
ok is without doubt the bestknown and widesttravelled americanism , used and recognised even by people who hardly know another word of english .	好的是 , 没有疑问最著名和最宽阔的美国主义 , 使用并且很难认识到英语的人 。
organizational keep zhou muyang when on the junction of the traffic policemen , in order to convenient life , she will be home and moved to the east china sea .	在交通政策的结束下 , 组织保持周明阳 , 为了便利生活 , 她将回到中国东海 。
the princess bride is the perfect romantic movie for men because it celebrates virtues that are important to the muddier sex , as well as the fairer .	公主新娘是男人最好的浪漫电影 , 因为它庆祝了对泥泞性的美德 , 以及公平 。
in the course of a few weeks tess revived sufficiently to show herself so far as was necessary to get to church one sunday morning .	在几个星期的过程中 , tes恢复了很多星期天早上要去教堂 。
the approach uses a fibrin gel to support rat cardiac cells temporarily , before the fibrin breaks down as the cells organize into tissue .	该方法使用纤维素凝胶 , 暂时支持大鼠心脏细胞 , 在纤维素破裂之前 , 细胞组织成组织 。
discusses the windows which play an important role in building's energy saving and points nut that the lowe glass is the best one in this respect at present .	讨论了建筑节能和点的窗口 , 目前低玻璃是目前最好的一个 。
over time , as we age , the number of mutations begins to outstrip the system’s ability to makerepairs , and mitochondria start malfunctioning and dying .	随着我们年龄的增加 , 突变的数量开始扩展系统的修复能力 , 米多纳德里开始了弥补和死亡的能力 。
a separate study of holozooplankton , that look like tiny transparent insects , doubled the number of known species from 7 , 000 to 14 , 000 .	一个独立研究的霍洛唑普拉克顿 , 看起来像小型透明昆虫一样 , 双倍的已知物种从7 , 000到140000 。
running the traditional kind of business is very stressful ! after trying out amway's products , and seeing how our upline was having such a great time , we decided to join .	运行传统的业务非常紧张 ! 经过试验后 , 看看我们的上线是如何有这样伟大的时间 , 我们决定加入 。
the blood is a human life is so important in human language , blood on the terms of the very rich , such as the energetic , emotional , hard , and so on .	血液是人类语言的重要组成部分 , 血液的丰富 , 如能量、情绪、硬等 。
berg got up , and cautiously embracing his wife so as not to crush the lace bertha , for which he had paid a round sum , he kissed her just on her lips .	伯格得到了 , 谨慎地把妻子拿起来 , 所以不要打破布拉斯·贝特哈 , 因为他已经付了一个圆形的总结 , 他只吻她的嘴唇 。
national oilwell varco has developed the next generation program , which will train and develop high potential college graduates for future leadership positions .	国家石油韦尔瓦科开发了下一代计划 , 这将培训和开发高潜在的大学毕业生为未来领导地位 。
railcars , carrying passengers and goods , are main tache in the railage . with the development of society , railage makes higher and higher demands on railcars .	铁路、携带乘客和货物 , 是铁路的主要任务 , 随着社会的发展 , 铁路的需求越高 , 铁路的需求越高 。
she keeps a hopechest of items that were important to her husband: quilts made out of hisshirts , pillows made from his ties , his holeinone ball .	她保持一个希望她丈夫的最重要的项目:松鼠从他的衬衫里制成的 , 枕头从他的身体里 , 他的孔子弹出来 。
in the paper , the world uranium resources , its distribution and changes in some countries are introduced by using the information from red bookpublished in 2006 .	本文介绍了世界铀资源、其在一些国家的分布和变化 , 通过在2006年出版的红书的信息 , 介绍了世界铀资源 。
now , the wahl ningbo is planning to develop domestic market both in professional , animal and consumer markets . we hope more people join us and we will be much better tomorrow .	现在 , 华尔宁波计划在专业、动物和消费市场开发国内市场 , 我们希望明天更多的人们加入我们 , 我们将会更好 。
a separate report on friday showed consumer credit rose in november for the second straight month after 20 months of declines , which could bode well for spending .	周五的一份独立报告显示 , 消费者信贷增长在11月的第二个月之后 , 减少20个月的减少 , 这可能会使消费者开支良好 。
conclusionusing cgms and csii in diabetic patients can get valuable information about blood sugar drift and offer a reasonable clinical therapy .	结论糖尿病患者的cgmsi和csi可以得到有价值的信息 , 并提供合理的临床疗法 。
an online hiphop community , has received an equity investment from universal music group the financial details of the investment were not disclosed .	网上hiphop社区已经从普通音乐集团获得股权投资 , 并未公开投资的财务细节 。
but town planners , zealously trying to turn the capital into a modern , efficient and cosmopolitan city , have consigned most of them to history .	但城镇规划者 , 热烈尝试把资本转变成现代、高效和科斯莫普利亚城市 , 大多数历史 。
wordpress:pages are like posts but " live outside of the normal blog chronology " as you are reminded when you visit the manage pages subpanel .	字母:pages像posts一样 , 但是 " 正常博客色彩 " , 当您访问管理页面时 , 您就会提醒 。
the baby effective early learning program in the uk is a perfect and multiplex assessment system with the combination of evaluation making and education processes .	英国婴儿有效早期学习项目是一个完美、多元评价体系 , 结合评价和教育过程 。
the addition of tapp has improved the compression strength and modulus of rpuf with respect to the compatibility enhancement derived from coupling agent .	提高了rpuf的压缩强度和模块 , 同时提高耦合剂的兼容性 。
this article introduces the villa named " bamboo wall " which was designed by the japanese architect kengo kuma , with analysis of the design process .	本文介绍了日本建筑师kengokuma设计的 " 竹墙 " , 并对设计过程进行了分析 。
next , do an immediatemode compare of register 3 with the number 0 and store the result in register 4 with ceqi $4 , $3 , 0 .	接下来 , 做一个立即模式比注册3 , 并存储0的结果 , qi美元为4 , 3 , 0美元 。
on sunday the observer claimed that " the tea party rose out of anger over the scale of federal spending , and in particular in bailing out the banks " .	星期日 , 观察家声称 " 茶党在联邦开支规模上升 , 尤其是在银行的基础上 。 "
by the late 1990s , however , licensing samples had become so costly that many rappers began to create backing tracks and sounds from scratch instead .	然而 , 在1990年代末 , 许可样本已经变成了这样的成本 , 许多放牧器开始创造回溯跟踪和声音 。
the fiveyear survival rate for melanoma is about 98 percent if detected early but can be as low as 15 percent when detected at an advanced stage .	如果检测早期 , 五年生存率大约是98% , 但在先进阶段检测到的15%时 , 可低于15% 。
but after the passing of galadriel in a few years celeborn grew weary of his realm and went to imladris to dwell with the sons of elrond .	但在几年来 , 加拉德里尔出生的婚礼后 , 他的王国的婚礼 , 去伊斯兰德里和埃伦的儿子达威尔 。
on the evening of march 28 , 2001 , chilean president met with foreign minister tang who was in chile to attend the east asialatin america forum .	2001年3月28日晚 , 智利总统与外交部长唐在智利参加了东亚奥运会 。
on the back side of the glove are hundreds of rhinestones individually sewn on . this glove is a significant piece of pop history .	在面部是数百个rin-estone单独缝纫的背侧 , 这种手套是流行历史的重要组成部分 。
business is booming for detroitbased companies in china today , and those partnerships are paying off at a time when sales in the u . s . have been less than stellar .	今天 , 美国销售的时候 , 这些合作关系正在增加基于破产的公司 , 而且在美国销售的时候 , 这些合作关系就会减少 。
the outlook on organic form in new criticism consists of three concepts such as " literary autonomy " , " organic whole " and " unity of opposites " .	新批评中的有机形式包括 " 文学自治 " 、 " 有机整体 " 和 " 相反统一 " 三个概念 。
the following command will create , within volume group testvg , a jfs2 file system of 10mb with mounting point /fs2 and having read only permissions	下面命令将创建 , 在体积组测试vg中 , jfs2文件系统使用安装点/fs2的jfs2文件系统 , 并只读取允许 。
objective to study the relationship between interleukin 6 and interleukin 18 levels in serum and the syndrome differentiation of rheumatoid arthritis .	目的探讨白蛋白6和白蛋白18水平与风湿性动脉炎综合鉴别的关系 。
the current operation state and problems of electromagnetic stirring system of skf furnace of no . 1 steel mill of maanshan iron & steel co .	马山钢铁铁矿山1钢轧制的skf炉电磁搅拌系统的现状及问题 。
meanwhile , double lineage inheritance , equal inheritance between the sexes , and establishment of individual property have become the basic content .	同时 , 双线遗传、性别遗传等等等遗传 , 建立个体属性的基本内容已成为基本内容 。
the perfect state of love is being single and alone , just like the flower words delivered by garland flowers : keep the memory in the summer ...	爱的完美状态是单独独独独独独独独的 , 就像加兰花传递的花字一样:在夏天保持记忆 。
the huadian basin situated in southern jilin province of ne china is a half graben basin and lies to north of the dunhuamishan faults .	湖北盆地位于中国南部吉林省 , 是一个半格拉伯盆地 , 位于邓华南断层北部 。
this unit features two 128gallon mixing tanks , a 30gallon holding hopper and a flanged inlet progressive cavity grout pump .	这个单元特征为两个128加仑混合罐 , 一个30gallon持有hopper和一个flang的进口腔槽泵 。
although " reasonable pluralism " often characterizes the public culture of a democracy , the mainstream ideology in modern times is economism .	虽然 " 合理多元主义 " 经常表现民主的公共文化 , 但现代经济主流思想是经济主流思想 。
a chemicalriskassessment model system is recently constructed , based on updated atmospheric dispersion numerical algorithms and the adjoint method .	最近建立了一种基于更新大气分散算法和相邻方法的化学评价模型 。
the selection of commodities and the assignment of weights require careful consideration , but if done properly inflation will no longer be a matter of concern .	商品的选择和重量的分配需要仔细考虑 , 但如果完成通货膨胀不再是关注的问题 。
methods according to the reasonable operative plan , operation was performed under the guidance of ct and bultrasonotomography on the examining table with carm .	方法根据合理的操作计划 , 采用ct和超声图对卡姆检查表进行操作 。
now therefore know certainly that ye shall die by the sword , by the famine , and by the pestilence , in the place whither ye desire to go and to sojourn .	所以当然知道 , 黄必死于剑 , 由著名而死 , 由于祭司 , 在你要去和享受的地方 , 你必要去 。
an integrating analog to digital converter is disclosed that comprises a delay locked loop which is synchronized to a reference clock signal .	讨论了数字转换器的集成模拟 , 包括一个延迟锁环 , 同步到参考钟信号 。
the newspaper said that hkma will increase its exposure in the two european capitals through the exchange fund , an investment vehicle hkma manages .	报纸称 , hkma将通过交易基金的两个欧洲资本增加其暴露 , 投资汽车hkma管理 。
stocks' recent pullback has put renewed pressure on household budgets . the s&p 500 index has fallen about 4 percent so far in july .	股票最近的推动压力在家庭预算上增加了压力 , 标准普尔500指数今年7月下降了约4% 。
and he reinstituted limits on nongovernmental organizations that operate overseas and receive u . s . taxpayer money from performing abortions .	他在非政府机构的限制下 , 经营海外和接受美国税人资金从执行出租 。
if special circumstances prevent this from being realized , it may issue them in installments with the approval of the securities committee of the state council .	如果特殊情况防止这种情况 , 它可能会与国家证券委员会批准的安装 。
in general relativity , time is considered a dimension like height , width and depth , creating a four dimensional universe called spacetime .	在一般相对性上 , 时间被认为是高度、宽度和深度的尺寸 , 创建一个叫做空间时的四维宇宙 。
few people were custom to making inquiries of their souls from very earlier due to it is more difficult to inspect one's own heart than write a resume .	很少人习惯于从早期的灵魂询问 , 因此更困难检查自己的心比写一个简历 。
a spokesman for fernando lugo , paraguay’s president , said that he would continue in office despite being diagnosed with lymphatic cancer .	巴拉圭总统的发言人说 , 尽管与淋巴癌诊断 , 他仍然会继续办公室 。
the permit holder shall ensure that the project is designed , constructed and operated in accordance with the information and recommendations contained in the eia report .	允许持有人应当确保项目被设计、构建和操作 , 按照eia报告中包含的信息和建议 。
this model duration is longer , disappear naturally slow also , if have reappearance rash , can show constantly snakelike , annulus much shape , more annular .	这种模型的时间越长 , 消失自然速度越慢 , 如果有重复性rash , 可以显示不断的蛇状 , 多形状 。
in 2007 , niu niu joined emi family and thus became the world's youngest classic pianist signed by international classic music brands .	2007年 , 尼乌加入emi家庭 , 因此成为世界上最年轻的经典钢琴家签署了国际经典音乐品牌 。
but in my experience , the base uml language is more than sufficient for documenting the essentials of the architecture of most softwareintensive systems .	但是在我经验中 , 基本uml语言超过文档的基本要素 , 大多数软件密集系统的架构 。
i think if i do some aerobic exercise at night , it could help boost my energy levels during the 15am period where i experience the most drowsiness .	我想如果我在晚上做一些航空运动 , 它可以帮助我在15am期间提高我的能量水平 。
from the first day of treatment with ae , the chemotaxis of mice pmn began to descend and the effect of large dosagegroups were greater than that of small dosage groups .	从治疗ae的第一天 , 小鼠pmn的化学物质开始降低 , 大剂量剂量组的效果大于小剂量组 。
the presentation at the chicago conference , which recently disappeared from a siemens web site , never discussed specific places where the machines were used .	在芝加哥会议上 , 最近从西门子网站消失 , 从来没有讨论机器使用的特定位置 。
according to the fire statistics , the onevariable linear regression mathematical model is used to predict the spread of fire and to supervise the fire prevention .	根据火灾统计 , 采用一种可变线性回归数学模型预测火灾传播 , 监督火灾防火 。
methods 245 undergraduate students were evaluated by selfrating depression scale , selfrating anxiety scale and a selfmade questionnaire .	方法采用自我抑郁规模、自我耐心焦虑规模和自制问卷评价245名学生 。
'we shouldn't be coerced through this process to contribute more to that effort than we're willing to do voluntarily , ' mr . lauria told the court .	劳里亚先生告诉法庭 。
the celegians are a species of intelligent scyphozoans , appearing as floating brains trailing a cluster of prehensile tentacles .	英国人是一种智能科哲学家 , 出现为浮动大脑培养一群妊娠卷的集群 。
studies have suggested that demand for new planes from chinese airlines will increase fivefold over the next 20 years , requiring over 2 , 000 additional aircraft .	研究表明 , 中国航空公司新飞机需求将在未来20年增加五倍 , 需要超过2 , 000架附加飞机 。
the people of israel saw the amazing works of god and heard the thundering voice of god from mount sinai , and they trembled in righteous fear .	以色列人看见神的奇迹作品 , 听到神的声音来自新加尼 , 他们在正确的恐惧 。
in many regions , teachers engage in preparation before they start teaching in schools , a stage referred to in this document as preservice teacher education .	在许多地区 , 教师在学校开始教学之前 , 这个阶段被称为保护教师教育的阶段 。
i can ! when eden was born he was given antibiotics to clear excess fluid from his lungs . the nicu doctors advised us to permit it .	我可以 ! 当埃登出生的时候 , 他给予抗生素清除肺脏过多流体时 , 尼古医生建议我们允许它 。
a friendly microclimate unfurled itself from the bottle of johnnie walker and encouraged my imagination to emerge from its burrow .	一个友好的微气候自我从约翰尼·沃克尔瓶里 , 鼓励我的想象从它的浏览中出现 。
as they were passing through a grove of small trees , they heard a great fluttering over their heads and a feeble chirping in the grass by the roadside .	当他们穿过一条小树的地方 , 他们听到了他们的头部和一条路边的草地里的一片巨大的飞行 。
in addition to the body has some disease outside smoked more than 10 a day or alcohol and have genital inflammation is can't use drugs of abortion .	除了身体外有一些疾病每天吸烟10多个或酒精外 , 生殖炎症不能使用药物 。
ie10 platform preview 1 , available for download today is the first step in delivering the next wave of progress in native html5 support .	ie10平台预览1 , 今天下载的第一个步骤是本地html5支持的第一个阶段 。
therefore on teaching reform , the training of the former should be combined to the training of latter so that students may improve their overall capacity in thinking .	因此 , 教学改革的培训应该结合以后的培训 , 提高学生的思考总体能力 。
the ceramic coatings possess some excellent capability of corrosion resistance , heatstrike resistance , wearlessness , electric insulation and so on .	陶瓷涂料具有抗腐蚀性、抗热性、耐磨性、绝缘性等优点 。
the controller has been used in multiunit electric drive synchronization control system of textile dyeing machinery . it has high control presision and reliability .	该控制器已应用于纺织染料机械多功能驱动同步控制系统中 , 具有较高的控制压力和可靠性 。
conclusion discrimination dosages of 5 insecticides to adult mosquito could be used for the resistance detection of cx . pipiens pallens in china .	结论5种杀虫剂量可用于我国cx.pipienspaens的耐药检测 。
for most , the goal is to swallow all the grapes before the last stroke of midnight , but peruvians insist on taking in a 13th grape for good measure .	对于大多数人来说 , 目标是在午夜最后一段时候吞噬葡萄 , 但胡维亚坚持在13th葡萄上取得良好的措施 。
the synchronization information is carried by short code , which overcomes the difficulty of correlation code transmission in fast frequencyhopping .	通过短代码进行同步信息 , 克服了快频耦合的相关代码传输困难 。
this is what leads to the need to delineate the relationship and distinction between serviceorientation and serviceoriented technology architecture . here’s one way of breaking it down	这导致了服务面向和服务面向的技术架构之间的关系和区别 。
errors of this type get passed through into the generated code or configuration files , which can make it difficult to backtrack to the original source of the problem .	这种类型的错误通过生成代码或配置文件传递 , 使得难以回溯到原始的问题来源 。
the direct cause is the emerging atmbased bisdn and the advent of adsl , the shortened form of asymmetric digital subscriber loop .	直接原因是非对称数字订阅循环的缩短形式 。
the conclusion is that assembling waterstoring cellar is technically viable , and should be popularized in watercollection and watersaving irrigation projects .	结论:组装水浸水细胞技术可行 , 应广泛应用于水采集和防水灌溉工程 。
it is important to point out , though , that schools of a certain type actively seek out waldorf graduates as potential students .	然而 , 在某些类型学校积极寻找沃尔多夫毕业生 。
senior officials from 21 countries are meeting in hawaii this week for the annual summit of the asia pacific economic cooperation forum apec .	本周 , 海威夷的高级官员会晤于亚太太平洋经济合作论坛的年峰会 。
it also discusses function of city circular road construction , the necessity of performing by stages and the station of viaduct in circular road .	论述了城市环路建设的功能、阶段执行的必要性及环路站的必要性 。
the multipurpose combined plough can combine the cultivation and loosening and implements the work of an empty entity coexistence cultivation method .	多用途组合柱能结合栽培和松开 , 实现空实体共存培养方法的工作 。
sun erniangs is strongly commended by shi nai'an , revealing his advanced concepts of equality between men and women at that time .	孙erniangs强烈推荐了hinaian , 揭示了当时男女平等的先进概念 。
some instinct had startled them , and they turned their backs on the train and began to bounce away through the grass , their motion as graceful as any ballerina's .	一些直觉开始了他们 , 他们把他们的背部转向火车上 , 开始从草地上跳出来 , 他们的运动就像任何球员那样优雅 。
pyridoxine : was found to be more effective than methylphenidate in treating a group of hyperactive children in a doubleblind , crossover study .	在双盲、交叉研究中 , 发现比甲基苯酸甲酯治疗一组高活性儿童更有效 。
advertising play a significant role in american business , furthermore , it exerts enormous effects on the nation's economy .	广告在美国的业务中扮演重要作用 , 进一步 , 它对国家经济产生了巨大的影响 。
thank you for your collection and keeping the weidong xing works and this collection card , and your behavior of collecting will also be an important part of the works .	感谢您的收藏 , 保持文东清作品和收藏卡 , 收藏行为也是作品的重要组成部分 。
participants who took a daily dose saw their average number of satisfying sexual experiences increase from 2 . 7 to 4 . 5 per month .	参与者每天看到他们平均满意性经验增加了2.7至4.5 。
there is good oil and gas exploration potentiality in the low permeability chang 4+5 reservoir on yanchang formation in jiyuan area , ordos basin .	江元地区长4+5储层低渗透长4+5储层具有良好的油气勘探潜力 。
the research will look at whether taking garlic capsules can disrupt the communication system of the pathogen pseudomonas to prevent illness from taking hold .	研究将探讨大蒜胶囊是否会破坏病原假单体的通信系统 , 以防止病毒持续 。
because of the special geological features in sublayers reservoir , the general method of injecting chemical agent does not fit the development of sublayers .	由于亚层储层特殊的地质特征 , 注入化学代理的普遍方法不适合亚层的发展 。
" i'm not saying that we looked dowdy , " mary says . " she said , 'you don't have to be dirty to be poor . ' i always remember that . "	玛丽说: " 我不说我们看起来是怎么样的 , " 她说 , " 你不必是穷人 。 " 我总是记得 。 "
it will be said that this revolution is likely to be betrayed or hijacked , that the hardliners and the theocrats are certain to prevail at the end of the day .	据说 , 这种革命可能会被背叛或hijacked , 硬线者和ocrat一定会在当天结束时预防使用 。
while iq and personality test may not bear much direct relation to fechner's ideas , their spirit is the same: to measure , to quantify , to know the difference between .	虽然iq和个性测试也不会对菲恩纳的想法有很多直接的关系 , 但他们的精神是相同的:测量 , 去量 , 以了解其间的差异 。
but the sandbox has walls , as weibo for now does not play much with the outside world , and is subject to a rigorous monitoring and censorship regime .	但是 , 沙盒已有墙壁 , 如今魏博并没有与外界玩得很多 , 而且对于一个严格的监控和审查政策 。
well , that's a pretty big megaphone . and you'd be hardpressed , if you watched the entire day , to find a positive story about me on that front .	嗯 , 这是一个非常大的电话 , 如果你看完整天 , 找到一个正面的故事 。
in 2008 , ceo braddock realized that one of the biggest obstacles to ordering groceries online is that consumers can't inspect and touch perishable food .	2008年 , ceobraddock意识到 , 在线订购杂货的最大障碍之一是消费者不能检查和触摸可行食品 。
per patient treated , there is considerable variation in budgets for firstline drugs , in total ntp budgets and in total costs for each year 2002–2005 .	每个患者治疗 , 第一行药物预算有相当的变化 , 在总数的ntp预算和每年的总成本每年为2002-2005 。
also an improvement has been made by inventing a kind of composite press which possesses the advantages of both the friction press and the hydraulic press .	同时 , 通过发明一种具有摩擦压力和液压压力的复合压力 , 制备了一种改进 。
it was considered a sign of progress that india’s parliament debated “population stabilization” this month after largely ignoring the issue for years .	印度议会辩论的 " 人口稳定 " 这个月后大量忽视这一问题 。
guanglei is studying the bachelor of visual media at griffith university campus and provides some fun and helpful insights in to his experience at griffith .	广利正在研究格里菲斯大学视觉媒体的研究 , 为他在格里菲斯的经验提供了一些有趣的探索 。
it's useless staring at scoreboard . as nearly all the people had left the stand , hank resentfully went out of the stadium and got to the car in the parking lot .	这是无用的站在螺杆板上 , 几乎所有人都离开了站在站台上 , 休克回到了体育场 , 然后在停车场上很多车 。
while the current numbers may suggest a step in that direction , analysts say they are not a definitive indicator of a turnaround in china's trade .	尽管目前的数字可能会建议一个步骤 , 但分析人士说 , 他们并不是中国贸易中的一个定义指标 。
“this rubbish translation is edited at points , ” groused one post attached to the translation on sina . com , a popular web portal .	" 这是rubish翻译在点上编辑的 , " 一个邮件集合在新加州的翻译中 , 一个流行的web门户 。
we analyses four main models of antimonopoly authority institution , and point that efficient power is very important to antimonopoly authority .	我们分析了反垄断机构的四个主要模型 , 指出有效功率对抗垄断机构具有重要意义 。
the donor must receive proper medical followup but this is often lacking when he or she is seen as a means to making a profit , " added dr luc noel .	捐赠者必须接受适当的医疗跟踪 , 但当他或她被视为一个手段时 , 这通常缺乏 , " lucnoel博士补充道 。
and what " s more , the acreages of garden plot , agroland , residential and industrial land would gain its peak and then decrease to stable state . "	另外 , 花园景观、农田、居住和工业土地将增加其峰值 , 然后降低稳定状态 。
at least 19 people died in a stampede at the love parade dance music festival in the western german city of duisburg on july 24 , the bbc reported .	据bbc报道 , 7月24日 , 德国杜伊斯堡西部杜伊斯堡市的爱舞蹈音乐节中至少有19人死亡 。
imagination can make us anything , and , even if a teiresias syndrome leads to no overt acts , literature can make us anything and put us anywhere .	想象可以让我们任何东西 , 即使一位爱尔西亚综合征导致不超过行为 , 文学可以使我们任何东西 , 并把我们放在任何地方 。
after finishing , he removed flag and cheerfully wiped his mouth with it . some of stilwell's chinese are as young as 14 , few are older than 25 .	完成后 , 他移除旗帜 , 感谢地擦嘴 , 一些圣威尔的汉语像14岁 , 少于25岁 。
a city of westcentral peru on the pacific ocean near lima . founded in 1537 , it is peru's largest port . population , 264 , 133 .	1537年 , 位于太平洋的一座城市 , 成立于波鲁最大的港口 。 人口264 , 133 。
noone made a fuss and i have found it hard to make the case that this archaeologically superrich city is much poorer without one old tumbledown mosque .	没有人发现 , 我发现这座考古学超级城市没有一个老模糊的mosque , 很难让人感到困难 。
you must have gone through a difficult time , trying to learn a foreign language and at the same time adapting to a totally different culture and environment .	你必须经历艰难的时间 , 试图学习一个外语 , 同时适应完全不同的文化和环境 。
a man hunted for a fox and finally lost himself in the forest . he walked around anxiously . at dark he met an old lady with white hair .	一个人在森林中丧失了一只狐狸 , 最后他走了一只白发的老妇人 。
the atoll—a ringshaped island enclosing a central lagoon—is part of the tuamotu archipelago , the largest chain of atolls on earth .	一个环形的岛屿 , 附近一个中央拉戈隆 , 是地球上最大的一个链 。
pennaceous feathers cover the bodies of birds , and their tightly closed vanes create the aerodynamic surfaces of the wings and tail .	海绵的羽毛覆盖了鸟体的身体 , 它们紧密闭的葡萄酒创造了翅膀和尾巴的气动表面 。
it is often necessary to map one business object into another when coordinating between heterogeneous systems , or even as part of normal business logic .	当协调异构系统之间的协调时 , 通常需要映射一个业务对象 , 甚至作为正常业务逻辑的一部分 。
but , sometimes , that fatigue stems from low iron stores , particularly prevalent among women in their 20s and 30s , who don’t eat much meat .	但是 , 有时候 , 低铁店里的疲劳干扰 , 尤其是在20世纪和30岁的女性之间 , 他们不吃多肉 。
the results showed the design was reasonable and the motion was reliable . the property of chain which was assembly by those hardened chain pins achieved high level in the world .	结果表明 , 该设计合理 , 运动可靠 , 由那些硬化链接组装的链性能达到了世界上高水平 。
in order to relieve the habitat pressure of coastal birds , it is necessary to build waterfowl ponds at the edge of the core zone .	为了减少沿海鸟的栖息压力 , 需要在核心区边缘建造水流池 。
infoq: it seems that your wish regarding the video codecs is getting closer to happen as google announced they are dropping h . 264 .	infoq:看起来你希望你的视频编码会更接近于google宣布他们正在下降h.264 。
madonna , cherie blair and the beckhams have all moved to silence nannies who threatened to lift the apron on their domestic lives .	马登纳 , 切里·布莱尔和贝克汉姆斯都搬到了沉默的南尼斯 , 威胁着他们的国内生活 。
equipped with a night vfr avionics suite from either dynon or garmin , getting out and back to your secret destination will also be much easier .	设备一夜vfr电视台 , 设备来自单元或加仑 , 然后回到您的秘密目的地也会更容易 。
the bars and cafes that ring the plaza have filled it with tables . families stop here after their evening stroll , or paseo , for a glass of wine .	酒吧和咖啡馆里装满了桌子 , 家庭在晚餐后停下来 , 或过去 , 酒杯 。
according to chen xi , a senior consultant at zhaopin . com , companies discard staff who cannot generate profit in economic slumps .	根据赵普林高级顾问陈熙说 , 公司不能在经济衰退中产生利润 。
“our offer does not require approval from the eu , ” said ruban yogarajah , a spokesman for bhp , the world’s biggest mining company .	世界最大的采矿公司的发言人rubanyogarjah说: " 我们不需要从欧盟获得批准 。 "
stockmarket indices , soaring house prices and low inflation surely did more to feed bankers’ and borrowers’ exaggerated sense of wellbeing .	股市指数 , 房价和通胀低 , 肯定对银行家的扩张感和借贷者的扩张感 。
the practice indicated that conditional knowledge is the important foundation for career development of teacher , play an unreplaceable part in teacher's routine work .	实践表明 , 条件知识是老师职业发展的重要基础 , 在教师工作中扮演不可替代的一部分 。
as well as beating all other sportswomen , the 20yearold finished ahead of the likes of charlize theron , natalie portman and salma hayek .	还有打击其他运动员 , 20岁以前的比赛结束了 , 包括纳塔里港口曼和萨尔玛海耶克 。
to ensure that we got meaningful results , we also verified that the grid index is actually exploited for this query as explained in a later section .	为了确保我们得到有意义的结果 , 我们也证明 , 网格指数实际上是在稍后部分解释的 。
for instance , in the short term market peaked , many people point to petty profits , the stock has clearly powei would also like to defend or even to cover positions !	比如 , 在短期市场峰值上 , 许多人指出宠物利润 , 股票清晰的波威也希望保护或甚至覆盖位置 !
investors seem to be somewhat undecided , with hisoft stock down 9 percent during regular monday trading but then rebounding 17 percent in after hours .	投资者似乎没有指定 , 在周一交易期间 , 股市下跌了9% , 但在几小时之后 , 股价下跌了17% 。
note that arthur is not going in to work at the crack of dawn , as he has a conversation in the burrow with amos diggory , who has already been at work for some time .	注意到 , 阿瑟尔并不会在达文裂缝工作 , 因为他有一个与阿姆斯迪格里的谈话 , 他已经在一段时间工作 。
typical office hierarchies don't apply: managers like farrar , who oversee teams of hundreds of artists on big films , are rootless .	典型的办公层次不适用于:经理喜欢法拉 , 超过数百名艺术家 , 是无根的 。
from now , only the intelsat did the 16qam experiments in space communication , and their 16qam is made by conventional method , and its data rate is not high .	从现在 , 只有intelsat在空间通信中的16qam实验 , 他们的16qam是由传统方法制成的 , 其数据速度不高 。
laparoscopic hernia repair is a technique to fix tears in the abdominal wall using small incisions , telescopes and a patch .	腹部壁固定泪水是用小切口、电镜和片来固定泪水的技术 。
neither had married nor had any living heirs and my father once told me that it was because they were both too stingy to share their family wealth or pass iton .	我父亲曾经告诉我 , 因为他们太严肃地分享他们的家庭财富或经过它 。
to the tune of an electric russian dance theme , players fit falling polyominoes into one another to clear the board and achieve the most points .	对于一个俄罗斯舞蹈主题的结论 , 玩家将聚氨基诺变成另一个来清理板 , 达到最多的点 。
a cree exclamation of awe , “yoho” applies perfectly to the park’s big peaks , expansive glaciers , and impressive waterfalls .	在公园的大峰、膨胀冰川和印象水下 , 适用于公园的大峰、高峰、膨胀冰川 。
his expression_r was truly comical and at that moment i did not know whether he was a preposterous old man pulling my leg or whether he was really a simpleton .	他的表达式是真的非常热门的 , 在那时候我不知道他是否是一个先前的老人拉腿 , 或者他是否真是一个简单的 。
the design schemes , which are good or not , influence the investment and period of construction directly , and determine the service and economic results after completation of construction .	设计方案 , 直接影响建设的投资期 , 决定建设后的服务和经济效果 。
the invention involves fluorine plastic liner manufacturing and application technology , particularly a fluorine plastic lining composite product and its manufacturing method .	本发明涉及氟塑料衬底制造和应用技术 , 尤其是一种氟塑料衬砌复合材料及其制造方法 。
objective: to evaluate the effects of plateletderived growth factorbb on the attachment and proliferation of periodontal ligament cells on different root surfaces .	目的:评价板体生长因子对不同根表面附着和增殖的影响 。
pyongyang , the capital of the revolution , was spruced up and the socialist fairyland was unfolded everywhere to change the looks of the country tremendously .	平壤 , 革命的首都 , 大幅度上升 , 社会主义公平场所无法折叠 , 以改变国家的看法 。
the clinkering process of the bariumcontaining sulphoaluminate cement clinker was studied by the means of high temperature microscope and xrd .	采用高温显微镜和xrd方法研究了含硫酸盐水泥克林克的克林过程 。
cisc processors generally feature variablelength instructions , multiple addressing formats , and contain only a small number of generalpurpose registers .	cisc处理器通常具有变长指令、多地址格式 , 并且只包含一个小量的通用注册 。
to be honest , much of it had little to do with the content of the class , as we were taught the same things that any university of michigan thermo 1 student would learn .	诚实而言 , 大多数学生和课内容一起做 , 因为我们教导了米歇根热学1所大学的同样东西 。
since china resumed the financial trust business in 1979 , the trust industry has experienced six major improvements and rectification .	自1979年以来 , 信任产业经历了六大改进和改革 。
objective:to observe the therapeutic efficacy of nebulized budesonide suspension plus albuterol and ipratropium bromide in childhood asthma .	目的:观察肾小儿哮喘的治疗效果 。
she added all bp errors identified by the southern utes and the federal government have been corrected and the majority of them had no impact on royalty payments .	她补充了南uts和联邦政府的所有bp错误 , 并且大多数人对皇家薪酬没有影响 。
after fleeing the marriage that her father tried to arrange , she found happiness in the netherlands but lost a close friend who was murdered by a muslim zealot .	在逃离她父亲试图安排的结婚之后 , 她在荷兰找到幸福 , 但失去了一个由穆斯林·齐拉特杀害的亲密朋友 。
through them perfectly visible unique mechanism bugatti , built on the principle of a skyscraper , although stories in it are only five .	通过他们完全可见的机制 , 建立在天空飞机原理上 , 尽管在这里只有五个故事 。
but the company generally doesn't give to charity ; it doesn't contribute to political campaigns ; it shouldn't be , ideally , doing any of those things .	但公司通常不给慈善 ; 它并不贡献政治活动 ; 它不应该是理想的 , 做任何事情 。
grandma billye , who is now 96 years old , loaned him $100 to start his first business , a fireworks stand he established in the 8th grade .	现在96岁的祖母billye , 贷款了100美元开始他的第一个业务 , 他在第8年级建立的火灾工作 。
shantou city , lake food machinery factory is a professional production of automatic diecutting machine , fengguan machine , polishing machine business .	山东市 , 湖泊食品机械厂是一家专业生产自动指控机、凤莞机械、抛光机业 。
liverpool manager rafael benitez has praised captain steven gerrard for raising his game against the background of rumours of problems with his marriage .	利物浦经理贝尼特斯赞扬了他的结婚背景的史蒂文·杰拉德 。
the cui madam's viewpoint is quite comprehend , accurate still have some to resent curious li xing asks for for the sake of the peony so much bothersome .	崔马德姆的观点是相当复杂的 , 准确的还有一些可爱的李兴请求牡丹那么多的烦恼 。
this article introduces a design and practice of an enterprise distributing resource planning , illuminates the structure of the drp and implementing technology .	本文介绍了企业分布资源规划的设计和实践 , 阐述了该技术的结构和实现 。
renewed efforts are needed to increase support for the " three rurals " , namely the rural economy , rural development and rural demography (	农村经济、农村发展和农村民主的支持需要增加 " 三农 " 的支持 , 即农村经济 。
the effects of roundtrip optical length fluctuation , assumed to be an ergodic random process , on a fiberoptic ring resonator are analyzed in detail .	详细分析了圆线光长波动的影响 , 假设是一个算法随机过程 , 对光纤环谐振器进行了纤维分析 。
this article uses a combination of probabilistic and nonprobabilistic methods to describe the uncertain factors that influence structural reliability analysis .	本文利用概率学和非概率学方法来描述影响结构可靠性分析的不确定因素 。
use hoil , hydrogen blocking silicone oil , hexamethyldisiloxane , d4 to synthesized the needed hydrogen silicone oil .	采用霍尔、氢阻硅油、六甲基硅烷、d4合成需要的氢硅油 。
objective to investigate the effects of total saponins of paeonia on trace elements and myocardial ultramicrostructure of dog with acute myocardial infarction .	目的探讨胰岛素总皂苷对急性心肌梗死的追踪元素及心肌超微结构的影响 。
aim to study on the alterations of t suppressor cell function in patients with ulcerative colitis and crohn's disease and their clinical significance .	目的研究溃疡性结肠炎患者t抑制细胞功能的变化及其临床意义 。
we which return to together care for a tube , vernal equinox elder sister at ordinary times speak nobody too challenge don't listen to .	我们一起关心管 , 垂直平衡的姐 , 普通时 , 没有人太挑战 。
it served in the western and eastern front notably in the battle of normandy , operation " market garden " in holland , and the offensive in ardennes .	在荷兰西部和东方的战争中 , 运营 " 市场花园 " 在荷兰 , 阿登纳的攻击 。
the fifth chapter discusses the related problems of the capital city system of liao dynasty , including the relation between zuzhou city and liao shangjing ;	第五章讨论了辽朝资本城市体系的相关问题 , 包括周州市与辽京之间的关系 ;
but president obama's budget director , peter orszag , says republicans are just wrong in their assertions about the president's tax proposals .	但奥巴马总统的预算总监彼得·奥斯加说 , 共和党人只是对总统税收建议的错误 。
force consequently requires solicitation from without: it works blindly: and on account of this defectiveness of form , the content is also limited and accidental .	因此 , 没有必要解决:它工作盲目:在这种缺陷的情况下 , 内容也是有限和意外的 。
she maintains her fashionista reputation by wearing tshirts sporting the avatar from her favorite game and by carrying her personalized avatar coffee mug .	她的时尚主义声誉 , 穿衬衫运动她最喜欢的游戏 , 通过携带她个人化的航天咖啡麦 。
in a book titled mindset: the new psychology of success , stanford psychologist carol dweck gives a name to what i’ve just described .	在一本著名的心灵:成功的新心理学 , 斯坦福德心理学家卡罗·德韦克给我所描述的名字 。
they claim that in order to become any more intelligent the human brain would need vast amounts of extra energy and oxygen – and we simply cannot provide it .	他们声称 , 为了成为任何更聪明的人类大脑需要大量额外的能量和氧气 , 我们只不能提供它 。
washington jan 22 regulators seized five u . s . banks on friday , driving up the tally in what is expected to be a busy year for bank failures .	华盛顿1月22日监管员星期五将五家美国银行的五家 , 驱动了预计将成为银行失败的一年 。
the international energy agency expects global oil demand to grow by just 400 , 000 barrels a day this year , to 86 . 5 million barrels a day .	国际能源机构今年预计 , 全球石油需求增长400万桶 , 每天86.5亿桶 。
tv news brands are also heavily visited by nonprint newspaper readers , underscoring the importance of sight , sound and motion to the digital news experience .	电视新闻品牌也受非印刷报纸读者的重视、听力和运动 。
in morerecent public comments , mr . wen has pledged to maintain foreign business confidence in china and to meet more regularly with international executives .	在最近的公众评论中 , 温先生承诺在中国保持外商信心 , 并且与国际执行者相遇更多 。
if the timer expires before data in the segment is acknowledged , tcp assumes that the segment has lost or being damaged , and a retransmission is sent .	如果时间器在段的数据被认知之前 , tcp假设段失去或损坏 , 并发送重新传输 。
because it returns a result with nominal nanosecond resolution , it's natural to think that it has the same accuracy and precision limitations as system . nanotime .	由于它返回了纳米二分辨的结果 , 自然认为它具有相同的精度和精度限制 。
as a result , threading a perfectly weighted through ball to your striker releases a feeling of achievement more potent than completing a quadratic equation .	结果 , 通过球向前方释放一个比完成二次方程更多的成就感觉 。
according to the company , it further expanded its production capacity and its combined annual production capacity reached 5 . 57 million tons in december 2008 .	根据该公司的分析 , 进一步扩大了其生产能力 , 并在2008年12月达到55.57亿吨 。
the simulation indicates that the instrument greatly enhances the measurement accuracy for parameters of l , c and r , and gets better measuring effects .	仿真表明 , 该仪器大大提高了l、c和r参数的测量精度 , 并得到了较好的测量效果 。
to help the children enter society headon with a positive attitude , everybody is encouraged to help in social building activities within our own campus .	为了帮助孩子进入社会的头部 , 每个人都鼓励帮助我们自己的校园内的社会建设活动 。
the researchers also demonstrated they could split apart an entire community of cultured intestinal microbes and create a " personalized " library of bacterial species .	研究人员还证明他们可以分离整个肠微生物群落 , 创建一个 " 个性化 " 图书馆 。
during rehabilitation a locked plate fixation construct still has to be protected from full weight bearing until signs of union are visible on the radiograph .	在康复过程中 , 锁板固定建筑仍然必须保护全重轴承 , 直到联合国的迹象是可见的 。
blues also have fitness concerns over michael ballack , but essien moved to ease mourinho's problems by turning out for his country on tuesday .	蓝色也对迈克尔·巴拉克有着健康的关注 , 但西恩在周二转向莫里尼奥的问题 。
the attorney for the appealing party and the attorney for the party who won in the lower court file briefs , or written arguments , with the court of appeals .	法院文件简单中赢得的律师和法院论坛的律师 。
the inability to demonstrate improvements whether or not they occur will undermine client motivation across the board and deny feedback for meaningfully evolving the process .	无论在板上是否会破坏客户机动机 , 否否否会有意义地演化过程 。
the researchers found that handling physical money makes a person less sensitive to physical pain and reduces the distress of being excluded in social situations .	研究人员发现 , 处理物理资金使人更敏感 , 减少了社会形势下被排除的残疾 。
by setting chills on the defect locations to isolate the molten iron in those areas from contact with the resin sand , the defects were successfully avoided .	通过设置缺陷位置来分离与树脂沙联系的molten铁 , 成功避免了缺陷 。
she created a team culture and work atmosphere in compliance with the reality of zte's handsets , unity , contribution , hard work , smiling services and customer caring .	她创造了一个团队文化和工作氛围 , 符合zte的手机、团结、贡献、努力工作、笑容服务和客户关怀的现实 。
" we don't think things have changed from last week to this week , " schuchat stressed , explaining the importance of looking beyond those lab counts .	" 我们不认为上周改变的东西 , " 舒切特强调 , 解释那些实验室的重要性 。
now that youth has ebbed and i am stranded on the bank , i can hear the deep music of all things , and the sky opens to me its heart of stars .	现在 , 年轻人已经在银行上睡着 , 我可以听到所有东西深刻的音乐 , 天空向我心中打开 。
it was a battle of attrition for saina against an opponent to whom she had lost four times and won just once — that too way back in 2010 — previously .	这是一场对手 , 她失去了四次 , 赢得了一场比赛 , 这也是一场比赛 。
“i’d been wanting to have a child for a really long time , but i wasn’t trying , just put it like that , ” madonna says . “it was one of those weird surprises .	马登纳说: " 我想要有一个孩子很长的时间 , 但我不想尝试 , 只要把它放在那里 , " 这是那些奇怪之一 。 "
through the multilevel organic matrix mesh in the bone particles , it indicates that the mineral phase is related to the organic matrix in corallium elatius .	通过骨颗粒中的多层有机矩阵网格 , 表明矿相与金属有机矩阵有关 。
results 32 patients have false positive results , including 11 with autonomic imbalance , 9 with hypertension , 6 with diabetes and 6 with other disease .	结果32例高血压、6例糖尿病、6例糖尿病、6例 。
another tale , never proven , was that papanoida's interest in eekway was strictly familial , and that the senator had blood ties to the enigmatic baron .	另一个故事从来没有证明帕诺伊达对希腊公路的兴趣严格是家庭的 , 而参议员对这场大酒吧有血汤 。
according to the improvement results , then some feasible ways for ineffective dmus are put forth , which provides a reference base of making decision and scientific management .	根据改进结果 , 提出了有效dmus的一些有效途径 , 为决策和科学管理提供了参考依据 。
the same effect happened with google maps . when the company trimmed the 120kb page size down by about 30 percent , the company started getting about 30 percent more map requests .	与谷歌地图发生相同的效果 , 当公司试图减少120kb页面大小时 , 公司开始增加30%的地图请求 。
later , zhen yini also persuaded the guardian , to get girls , with sincerity and sincerity to impress her , and not to fiddle with the application of non .	后来 , 郑毅也说服了保安人 , 要求女孩 , 诚信和诚信让她印象 , 并不要用非法的应用 。
this method even allows you to modify the authentication rules on the fly , because all pamaware programs start applying the new rules without the need for any changes in their code .	这种方法甚至允许您在飞行上修改验证规则 , 因为所有pamaware程序都开始应用新规则 , 不需要任何变更的代码 。
but i sat silent in my hill , the barbarians still came in their thousands , and there were few who dared to wield excalibur , knowing that they would surely die .	但我坐在山里 , 巴巴巴勒人仍然在他们的数千里 , 还有很少人敢敢于杀人外交官 , 知道他们肯定会死亡 。
so threequarterlength sleeves in tops and cardigans are a wonderful way to conceal the fuller upper arm and upper body , but also bare some skin at same time .	因此 , 顶部和卡迪根的三季长袖是一种很好的方法 , 同时也不用一些皮肤 。
after the introduction of some related concepts , the application of workflow technology in integrated business support system of guangdong telecom was focused on .	介绍广东电信工作流技术综合支持系统的应用 。
although tom was aware that it would be to display annoyance publicly at the sales conference , he could not his irritation with the client's unreasonable demands .	尽管汤姆意识到 , 他不能与客户不合理的需求展示异常 。
this was an excellent opportunity for the opposition papers , which immediately attacked the governor for what they called his illegal interference and his brutality .	这是反对派论文的一个非常好的机会 , 即时攻击了他们称为非法干扰和破坏的州长 。
looking for transiting extrasolar planets is analogous to pallé and colleagues' technique — using the moon as a mirror to watch earth transit the sun .	寻找过渡太阳的行星 , 与同事的技术相似 , 用月球作为一个镜头来看太阳 。
the flames filled this building ; it was a perfect furnace ; the door was burned , the floor was burned , the wooden christ was not burned .	火焰填满了这座建筑 ; 它是一个完美的炉 ; 门被烧 , 地板燃烧 , 木基督没有烧 。
individual members of fecdb frequently answer this call to arms and participate in statewide petition drives to put various propositions on the ballot .	fcdb的个人成员通常回答这个叫做武器 , 参与国家广泛的宠物驱动器 , 以使各种提议放在球场上 。
more importantly , how can you accurately assess you are iterating down the right path for your product and company success , and not simply digging further in a rat hole ?	更重要的是 , 如何准确地评估您正在为您的产品和公司成功的正确路径 , 而且不仅仅仅是在大鼠洞里挖掘进一步的挖掘 ?
public speaking has fringe benefits too . it is a confidence booster and empowers the speaker if he successfully gets his audience agree with him .	公共演讲也有利于 , 如果他成功地与他同意 , 那是一个信心提升和雇主 。
nowhere is this more relevant than in the fastmoving world of it , where your work speaks for itself and ivy league letters after your name are no match for your hacking abilities .	现在 , 这比在快速移动的世界里更有关 , 您的工作讲述了自己和ivy联盟信 , 您的名字没有匹配您的黑客能力 。
that said , there is a lot of story that is still being explored and left to explore . to diminish that story to only being about arthas and the lich king is a bit shortsighted .	那么说 , 有很多故事 , 仍然被探索并离开探索 , 以减少故事只是关于阿瑟斯和利克王是一个很短的观察 。
socialist market economic system has been gradually set up , the higher education system is under reform , knowledgebased economic age is coming , and education service is open...	社会主义市场经济体制逐步建立 , 高等教育体制在改革、知识经济时代 , 教育服务开放 。
indeed , the threats that the lnc is already issuing should give the international community doubts about its readiness to lead in democratic government .	事实上 , lnc已经发布的威胁应该给国际社会疑问它在民主政府领导 。
nowadays , the policy of mandate construction supervision has been widely accepted by the society following the obvious achievements it made in the past years .	近年来 , 人文建设监督政策广泛接受了社会的明显成就 。
most mainlanders who suffer from depression do not get proper treatment due to a lack of psychiatrists and public prejudice , mental health professionals said .	心理健康专业人士说 , 由于缺乏心理学家和公共偏见 , 大多数受抑郁症患者都不适当治疗 。
the interactive multimodels method was also discussed , which is implemented of the uniform and " currently " accelerated motion model for the maneuvering target modeling .	讨论了交互式多模块方法 , 实现了统一和 " 目前 " 的运动模型 , 加速了目标建模 。
method: the teaching of moist burn medicine includes medical knowledge , diagnosis , medical skills , review course and assessment and test .	方法:采用医学知识、诊断、医学技能、评估和测试 。
it has been a growing concern in the printing industry that if can we use densitometry to measure and control spot color ink or not when considering printing process control .	印刷工业的日益关注 , 如果我们可以使用密度计量和控制点色墨 , 或不当考虑印刷过程控制时 , 我们就会变得越来越多 。
in the yangcheng sanbao 500kv ehv transmission lines , a fixed series capacitorwas used to increase the power energy transmitted through the lines .	在杨城500kv传输线中 , 一个固定的系列电容器 , 用于通过线传输的能量 。
the lusitania and the titanic are often thought of as sister vessels ; they in fact belonged to two separate owners , but the error is understandable .	路斯坦尼亚和泰坦尼斯通常被认为是妹船 ; 事实上它们属于两个独立的所有者 , 但错误是可理解的 。
but the current h1n1 pandemic flu has really made this very evident so far , people have passed the flu virus on to pigs , turkeys and ferrets .	但目前的h1n1流感真的使得这个非常明显 , 人们已经通过流感病毒传播到猪、土耳其和铁 。
the anglers fishing with myself were competing with glanville's anglers for the most fish in a day record , trying to beat the 28 fish from the previous day .	随着我自己的愤怒者正与格兰维尔的愤怒者在一天的记录中竞争 , 试图从前一天开始击败28只鱼 。
bill gates sr . , 83 years old , is now cochair of his son's $30 billion philanthropy , the bill &melinda gates foundation .	比尔盖茨sr , 83岁 , 现在是他儿子30亿美元的菲律宾和melinda盖茨基金会的教练 。
and it's not just developers . as the blurb to tim o'reilly's opening remarks suggests , tim mentions the importance of users to open source .	而且它不仅仅是开发人员 , 因为burb到timo'reilly的开放标志表明 , tim提及用户开源的重要性 。
beijing still grieving the deaths of tens of thousands , china has sketched the first blueprints for rebuilding after last week's earthquake .	北京仍然贪婪数千人死亡 , 上周的地震之后 , 中国已经把第一个蓝印刷放在重建之后 。
in this paper , a new method combining target transformation factor analysis and spectral library searching was developed for qualitative analysis of mixture from ir da ta .	针对irdata混合材料的定量分析 , 提出了一种新的目标转换因素和光谱图书馆搜索方法 。
the reason is that a knowledge base with sound structure and complete content directly influences the inference speed and the validity of result in expert systems .	原因是 , 具有声结构和完整内容直接影响传播速度和专家系统的有效性 。
the experimental results showed that the liquefaction extent enhanced with the increase of liquefaction temperature , catalyst dosage , and liquidsolid ratio .	实验结果表明 , 随着液化温度、催化剂量和液固比的增加而增加液化程度 。
at first , research the nature of the ice in the songhua river water system , the resistance performance of the icebreaker , and then , study the propulsion performance of icebreaker .	首先 , 研究了宋华江水系统的冰性能、冰阻性能及冰阻性能 , 然后研究冰断器的推广性能 。
strapped city , state , and federal technology departments have been some of the organizations most enchanted by the quick turnarounds the cloud promises .	沿着城市、州和联邦技术部一直是云承诺最快的一些组织 。
it was the kind of card that comes in an inexpensive assortment box sold by a child going doortodoor to try to earn money for a school project .	这是由一个孩子去学校项目赚钱的孩子出售的不昂吸附盒子的卡 。
much less whey drains out of yogurt made from certain strains of lactic acid bacteria that can convert sugars into long starchlike molecules .	从某些乳酸细菌中制成的瑜伽 , 很少能将糖转化成长淀粉分子 。
during the planned economy period , a set of production areas and residential units as a whole community , which is built to meet the need of country construction .	在计划经济时期 , 一套生产区和住宅单位作为整个社区 , 建立满足国家建设需求 。
the american plan also meets stern's other prescriptions for an effective green stimulus a concentration on building efficiency and renewable energy .	美国计划也会遇到西方的其他预订 , 以有效的绿色刺激建筑效率和可再生能量的浓度 。
in japan , lu hsun is the most notable chinese writer whose work 'hometown' is referred to as the required textbook among the japanese students .	在日本 , 鲁迅是日本学生中最常见的中国作家 。
it simply discusses the features of agile methodology , and compares it with traditionary software developing methods , introduces a few agile methodologies mo .	简单地讨论了敏捷方法的特点 , 并与传统软件开发方法相比 , 介绍了几种敏捷的方法mo 。
the hardening treatment , relief of symptoms in patients with the recent rate of 100% , cysts significantly reduced or disappeared .	最近100%患者的症状减少 , 囊肿显著降低或消失 。
the operation of system is simple , quick and stabilization , and its maintenance is convenient , interface is friendly , it is helpful for its popularizations and applications .	系统操作简单 , 快速稳定 , 维护方便 , 接口友好 , 适用于其流行化和应用 。
" u . s . academics and intelligence analysts have consistently underestimated the rate of chinese progress both economically and technologically , " he said .	他说: " 美国学术和智能分析师一致地估计中国经济和技术进展的速度 。 "
alpha thalassaemia , an inherited condition , is common in many areas of the world where malaria is endemic , particularly africa and southeast asia .	阿尔法亚沙利亚 , 传统的条件 , 是世界上许多地区 , 尤其是非洲和东南亚的常见地区 。
objective to introduce the classification about ct signs of primary brainstem injury and investigate it's value in the diagnosis and prognosis .	目的介绍原发脑损伤ct标志的分类 , 探讨其在诊断和预后中的价值 。
simulation and experiment on the piezoceramic actuator show that the proposed model to describe the behavior of piezoceramic actuator is effective .	仿真和实验表明 , 该模型描述了活塞陶瓷活动器的行为是有效的 。
austenite phase is dominant in gtaw joint microstructure and the lowtemperature impact toughness of gtaw joint is better than that of smaw joint .	在gtaw联合微结构中 , 高温接头的低温冲击韧性比智能接头更好 。
don't center your life around children and grandchildren . do look for your own social circles . this way , you won't be disappointed with too many expectations .	不要中心你的孩子和孙子们的生活 , 寻找自己的社会圈子 , 这样你就不会失望太多的期待 。
the amount of the portion of the effective hedging shall be confirmed in accordance with the absolute amounts of the following items whichever is lower .	按照下列项目的绝对量 , 应当根据下列项目的绝对数量确定有效的冲击量 。
the government information resources access and publicity is an important measure to build and strengthen the egovernment and serviceoriented government .	政府信息资源访问和公众是建设和加强政府和服务面向政府的重要措施 。
the cloths of service, to do service in the holy place, the holy garments for aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office .	服务的衣服 , 要在圣地做服务 , 祭司的圣服 , 和他儿子的服装 , 到祭司办公室 。
the influence factors on surface curing time of silicone rubber release agent vulcanized at room temperature were analyzed by experiments .	通过实验分析了硅橡胶释放剂在室温下的表面处理时间的影响因素 。
methods: data about biological feedback therapy and nursing care in 30 cases with pelvic floor functional constipation were reviewed and analyzed .	方法:对30例pelvic地板功能约束的生物反馈治疗和护理护理资料进行了综述和分析 。
according to the law of attraction , a powerful intent made up of clear , pure and focused thoughts will start to attract the very essence of your desires .	根据吸引规律 , 由清晰、纯纯和集中思想组成的强大内容将开始吸引你的欲望的非常本质 。
to reconstruct the 3dimensioanal image of heart and the region of myocardial ischemia from 2dimensioanal tomogram of electron beam ct .	为了重建心脏和心脏缺血区心肌缺血的3维神经元图像 。
tone down the loop count on the previous example , add set x to the beginning of the script as well as a comment , and execute it , as shown in listing 12 .	将循环数放在前面的例子上 , 添加x到脚本开始 , 并且执行它 , 如清单12所示 。
this study was undertaken to use a foodfrequency instrument for dietary caffeine consumption to evaluate the relationship between caffeine intake and liver fibrosis .	通过饮食咖啡因消费的食品频仪 , 评价咖啡因摄入与肝纤维化之间的关系 。
application integration brings together multiple applications and information sources without the user directly invoking them ; it focuses on the relationship between applications and data .	应用集成带来的多个应用程序和信息源 , 无需直接调用它们 , 关注应用程序与数据之间的关系 。
and the countries seen as most vulnerable to climate change are all poor: they include somalia , burundi , niger , eritrea , afghanistan and chad .	而且 , 大多数气候变化的国家都是贫困的:他们包括索马里 , 比特里 , 尼日利亚 , 埃里斯坦 , 阿富汗和查德 。
global banking profits are now approaching their 2007 precrisis peak , but the divergence between growing and stagnant markets is becoming increasingly stark .	全球银行利润现在正在达到2007年的前提峰 , 但增长和稳定市场的差异越来越明星 。
in addition , fda can initiate a mandatory recall if the agency determines that an adulterated or misbranded infant formula presents a risk to human health .	此外 , fda可以启动一个管理回忆 , 如果机构决定一个成年或错误的婴儿公式给人类健康带来的风险 。
danton was a headstrong firebrand , a swashbuckling political showman with a prodigious memory , whose spectacular oratory held audiences in thrall .	丹登是一位强烈的消防品牌 , 一个具有广阔的内存的人 , 他的观众在thrall举行了观众 。
international popular style interface , many commercial software are used , is the beginning of an incredible 14 years since a young foreign hands .	国际流行风格接口 , 许多商业软件被使用 , 是从一个年轻的外国手中开始的14年 。
the parenteral hyperalimentation therapy is a safe and effective method for severe ulcerative colitis patients , and it can improve the histology of patients .	父母超化疗法是严重溃疡性结肠炎患者的安全有效的方法 , 可以改善患者的组织学 。
the line's clean forms are associated with high quality technical solutions for water control , from taps to mixers , from diverters to shower heads and spouts .	线的清洁形式与水控制的高质技术解决方案有关 , 从转换器到淋浴头和发射器 。
the data structure in jpeg2000 compressed domain is firstly analyzed . the concept of information tree and a novel treedistance measurement are then proposed .	首先分析了jpeg2000压缩域的数据结构 , 提出了信息树的概念 , 并提出了一种新型的阻抗措施 。
although pain , i would effort perfect my life , will not be ungrateful to you of love , will not be ungrateful to you with i play 10 year play hideandseek of with patience .	尽管痛苦 , 但我会努力完美我的生活 , 不会对你们的爱 , 不会对你感到不满意 , 我玩10年的耐心 。
chateau la ragotiereshining pearl of the french garden , running by wellknown aristocracy generations of the three brothers goile at nantes .	查塔乌拉戈在法国花园的珍珠 , 由著名的阿里斯特拉克莱世代的三个兄弟哥哥戈尔运行 。
how to construct implementation and management system of course design is the premise and ensurance of carrying out course design systematically and training comprehensive applicative talents .	如何建设课程设计的实施和管理体系 , 是系统地运行课程设计和培训综合应用人才的前提和保障 。
albanese will now lead a charm offensive to try to win round individual institutions and secure the simple majority necessary to approve the deal .	目前 , 阿尔巴尼斯将导致一个充满挑战性的挑战 , 试图赢得个人机构 , 保障大多数需要批准这项协议 。
in a speech at a police college , zuma conceded that south africa had one of the highest murder rates in the world , with 18 , 000 killings last year .	在一所警方大学的演讲中 , 扎马承认 , 南非在去年有1800名杀害率最高的杀害率之一 。
thailand's police found over 920 , 000 amphetamine tablets on board the boats , plying between china's yunnan province and the thai port .	泰国警方在中国云南和泰国港之间发现了超过920 , 000名美联胺片 。
sending troops to central africa to meddle in an utterly murky conflict is a symptom that the interventionist addiction is growing worse .	将军队送到非洲中部 , 直到默基冲突中部是一个症状 , 干预主义添加量越来越严重 。
the testing results proved that the qh4 saving energy coasting device has a remarkable fuel—saving effect to any model of motor vehicles and at any road condition .	试验结果表明 , qh4节能海岸设备具有显著的燃料 , 节约了汽车辆和任何道路条件下的任何模型 。
that approach to the clivus is slightly oblique , but can provide as wide an exposure as is achieved with the approaches involving a bilateral maxillotomy .	这种方法略微障碍 , 但可以提供广泛的暴露 , 如涉及双边矩阵的方法 。
the three realized that man was the key to victory in the war against heaven , and thus altered their rigid agendum that they had propagated since the beginning .	三个意识到 , 人是对天战胜的关键 , 因此 , 自从开始以来 , 就改变了他们的刚性形态 。
cubic's simulation systems division , based in orlando , produces and manufactures est 2000 , including its realistic and robust simulated weapons .	基于orlando的模拟系统 , 生产和制造了2000 , 包括其现实和鲁棒的武器 。
the basic thought of floor arrangement , influencing factors and basic arrangement method are proposed to bring regulation for floor structure arrangement .	提出了地面安排、影响因素和基本安排方法的基本思路 。
the scale of the economic crisis is far larger and many more americans recognise that rootandbranch reforms rather than temporary repairs are required .	经济危机规模远远大 , 许多美国人认识到根品牌改革并非临时修复 。
the government will not only make the " pie " of social wealth bigger by developing the economy , but also distribute it on the basis of a rational income distribution system .	政府不仅通过开发经济 , 而且在合理收入分配系统的基础上 , 将 " 社会财富 " 变得更大 。
the refreshing time of asparagus reached 1824 days after treatment of two pressurization at the pressure of 250mpa with the operation time of 15min .	在250分钟压力下 , 阿司匹斯的新鲜时间达到了1824天 , 手术时间为15分钟 。
it's a solid little slab with a similarlooking plastic front and rubberized texture as the $79 nontouch model , but with fewer buttons .	它是一个固体的小板 , 相似的塑料前面和橡胶纹理作为79美元的非触摸模式 , 但不少按钮 。
because our team needed users to connect to a database and set up multiple jboss containers , we used panels to prompt users for sitespecific information .	因为我们的团队需要连接数据库并建立多个jbos容器 , 我们使用板来促进网站特定信息的用户 。
“on first glance , these interactions of light and particles looks like magic , ” she says . “these polar molecules are the pinnacle of quantum optics . ”	她说: " 第一次看 , 这些光和粒子的交互看起来像魔法一样 , 极性分子是量子光学的薄膜 。 "
this wicked king , claudius , was going to capitalize on the grief and anger of laertes for the death of his father and sister to destroy hamlet .	这个邪恶的王 , 克劳迪斯将为他父亲和姐妹死亡的悲伤和愤怒而投资 。
conclusion we could found the circumferential margin infiltration by observing pathologic large slice objectively and exactly . it should be a routine examination after operation .	结论我们可以通过观察病理大片和正确的观察发现环境边缘渗滤 , 应该是运行后常规检查 。
there were no casualties on the ground , a salt marsh , when the exploded remnants of the jet fell some distance away from the neifu airport in puchengcounty .	地上没有残酷的盐马什 , 爆炸出的喷气机距离普城市内福机场的一些远离 。
china has gone through similar experience of the ldcs in fighting poverty and pursuing development , and we fully appreciate the hardship and difficulties they face .	中国经历了战斗贫困和追求发展的类似经验 , 充分欣赏他们面临的艰难和困难 。
the format of the data to be exchanged between client and service is defined in terms of the xml the xml schema for the online coffee service is shown in listing 1 .	清单1中显示了在线咖啡服务中xml模式的数据交换的格式 。
second question , it is reported that some us media accused chinese hackers of hacking into pentagon's network and compromising information about us fighter jets .	第二个问题 , 据报道 , 一些美国媒体指责中国黑客攻击到五角洲的网络 , 以及对我们战斗机的信息 。
the average south african , for example , definitely shouldn tbe paleskinned only 9 . 2 per cent of the population define themselves as white .	例如 , 南非人口的平均水平只有9.2%的人定义为白色 。
except for sea buckthorn fruit is rich in protein , fat and carbohydrates , there are a variety of essential vitamins and minerals .	除了海桶水果富含蛋白质、脂肪和碳水化合物 , 还有各种基本维生素和矿物 。
employee job satisfaction can be explained respectively the company turnover intention , job performance with the variability of 49 . 38% , 58 . 46% .	员工满意度可分别解出公司转变注意力 , 工作性能与49.38% , 58.46% 。
owen paid tribute to a performance in which the youngster scored , hit the post and forced an outstanding save from roberto abbondanzieri with an audacious lob .	欧文支付了一项性能 , 这位年轻人参加的职位 , 并强制了一个由罗伯toabbondanieieri的优秀节约 。
civilianized journalism appeared in the early 20th century and grew in the 1920's . the impulse is the changes on the systems of politics and economy .	1920世纪初期 , 民间化记者出现于20世纪初期 , 1920年代的政治和经济体制的变化 。
methods by means of bicolour fluorescence and flow cytometry analysis , the results were compared during different layout time , hemolysis time and washing time .	方法采用双色荧光和流式细胞分析方法对不同布局时间、血液时间和洗涤时间进行了比较 。
fate has conspired to rob us of two world class goalkeepers , our inspirational leader jt , inform winger arjen robben and influential midfielder joe cole .	命运由两个世界级目标保持者 , 我们的激励领导人jt , 通知wingerjenroben和影响中场乔科尔 。
it is widely used in car audio and video , tac machine , intelligent meter , solar power , electric car , electric power tool and military applications etc .	广泛应用于汽车音频和视频、tac机、智能仪、太阳能、电动工具、军用应用等 。
jamie wilson , of simplyhealth , said: " committing just half an hour a month to helping someone else can make a real difference to your life as well as theirs。	杰米·威尔逊说: " 每个月一半的时间 , 帮助别人能够对你的生活和他们的生活产生真正不同 。
given our duty to safeguard public health , the tendency of officials facing such a situation is nearly always to err on the side of caution .	鉴于我们对公共卫生的责任 , 面对这样的情况的趋势官员总是会错误 。
china has worked for more agreement among the emerging markets and developing countries on the reforms to increase the representation for developing countries in the ifi's .	中国在新兴市场和发展中国家的协议 , 增加发展中国家在ifi的发展中国家的代表 。
发言的参议员有萨姆 . 纳恩、约翰 . 格伦、恰克 . 罗伯、乔 . 利伯曼、约翰 . 布鲁、杰伊 . 洛克菲勒和艾尔 . 戈尔。	包括: " 行业 " 和 " 行业 " 、 " 行业 " 、 " 行业 " 、 " 行业 " 等 。
that could be because doctors are more nervous about the effects if flu on pregnant women and are more likely to admit them , but the death rate among pregnant women is high .	这可能是因为医生对怀孕妇女流感的影响更紧张 , 但孕妇死亡率较高 。
funny once , my friend . ) some jokes count on jadedness in order to be funny , just as many arty films only appeal to a jaded audience .	有趣的时候 , 我的朋友 。 一些笑话的数字为了有趣 , 就像许多阿根廷电影一样 , 只有很多观众 。
more resistance was encountered when we sought to install the 6th warden first as professor of physics at stockholm university , then as rector .	当我们想要安装第六个战争教授作为股霍姆大学物理学教授时 , 更多的阻力被遇到 。
i know that its best to be safe verses sorry , but i don't think that there has been one single case in history , where a bomb threat was called in and a bomb went off .	我知道它最好的安全版本很抱歉 , 但我不认为历史上有一个单个案例 , 在那里 , 炸弹威胁被称为进入炸弹 。
this could mean different things for different members of the spy ring , says mikhail lyubimov , a retired colonel of the kgb and a renowned cold war spy .	这意味着不同成员的空间环的不同成员 , 米克海尔·莱布米诺夫说 , kgb退休的殖民地 , 以及一个著名的冷战空间 。
they also found almost no difference between methods in male and female workers , suggesting that careerdriven women were just as “competitive” during salary negotiations .	他们也发现男性和女性工作者之间的方法几乎没有差异 , 建议在薪水谈判中 , 生涯驱动女性只是 " 竞争力 " 。
ita software definitely has “the right connections in north america , ” daniello says , while “we [amadeus] have ours in europe and asia . ”	丹尼尔洛说: " 我们在欧洲和亚洲拥有我们的权利联系 。 "
natural calamities , such as floods , tropical cyclones , tornadoes and tidal bores occur here almost every year — with tragic results .	自然陶瓷 , 如洪水、热带周期、火龙和潮潮潮都发生在这里 , 每年都有悲剧的结果 。
soap <> cobol nonxml transformations can be developed with ibm websphere transformation extender to perform the message mapping within the gateway’s processing policy .	soap<>cobol非xml转换可以与ibmwebsphere转换扩展器开发 , 以实现门户处理策略中的消息映射 。
these morphological changes were few in the group 2 . conclusion: hbo combined with nimodipine and music had great restorative effect on hyperirritability icvd .	结论:hbo结合nimodipine和音乐对高可逆性icvd具有较好的恢复作用 。
combined with the practical exploration approaching , the stability of surrounding rock is computed using the earthquake wave achieved prom he cite .	结合实际探索方法 , 利用地震波实现的方案计算了周边岩稳定性 。
while there are many practical and political difficulties of afforestation of regions this large , the benefits could be enormous and go well beyond carbon sequestration .	虽然这大程度上有很多实用和政治困难 , 但它的利益可能是巨大的 , 超过碳序列 。
for example , some new: the introduction of modern " science " and " democracy " etc , the meaning from the traditional chinese , is completely different words .	例如 , 一些新闻:现代 " 科学 " 和 " 民主 " 等 , 从传统汉语的意义完全不同 。
drive gear , made use of alloy steel forging , lubricating oil pump spray , extend gear life and ensure longterm printing chromatic precision .	采用合金钢锻造、润滑油泵喷雾、延伸齿轮寿命 , 保证长期印刷色彩精度 。
the famous picture of " riverside scene at qingming festival " will also make its appearance in the china pavilion to illustrate the charms of ancient chinese cities .	青明节 " 河景 " 的著名图片也将在中国馆展示古城的魅力 。
in the enjoying , the conquest of this knowledge is renewed every time it is exercised , the power it yields always being directed toward its jouissance .	在享受的时候 , 这个知识的后果每次被锻炼 , 它产生的权利总是直接对其笑容的权利 。
it is unchristian to believe that an end can justify the means . even the kingdom of god is not a good enough end to justify any means that causes harm to people .	不基督徒相信 , 终结能正确的意思 , 即使上帝王国不够好的结束 , 以理解任何导致危害的人 。
a study is carried out on a hypersonic inlet with rectangulartocircular shape transition and forebody using numerical simulation and high enthalpy wind tunnel test .	采用数值模拟和高能风洞试验 , 研究了矩形圆形转换和前身的超声波入口 。
result both mutanolysin and lysozyme could successfully lyse the wall of bifidobacterium and extract the plasmid from bifidobacterium .	结果mutanolysin和溶解酶可以成功地解决泡沫细菌墙 , 并从泡沫细菌中提取血浆 。
aim: to study the efficacy and safety of entacapone as an adjunct to levodopa treatment in parkinsonian patients with wearingoff motor fluctuations .	目的:探讨乙酮的疗效和安全性 , 作为一种适应帕金森森病人穿刺电动脉冲的联合治疗方法 。
the idea is proposed that the flow characteristic of electronic expansion valve should adapt to superheat gain to refrigerant flow rate under different evaporation temperature .	提出了电子膨胀阀的流动特性 , 应适应不同蒸发温度下冷却流速 。
11 and solomon gave hiram twenty thousand cors of wheat as food for his household , in addition to twenty thousand baths , of pressed olive oil .	11和索洛门为他的家庭提供了两千个小麦作为食物 , 除了两千个浴室外 , 还有两千个压橄榄油 。
li decided to sponsor a number of disadvantaged pupils in gansu under the euchina basic education project running in the province since 2001 .	李决定自2001年以来在甘肃基础教育项目运行的几名缺陷学生 。
objective to evaluate the clinical efficacy and toxicity of cef as the neoadjuvant chemotherapy regimen in the treatment of locally advanced breast cancer .	目的评价cef治疗当地早期乳腺癌的临床疗效和毒性 。
to strengthen the organization and coordination , strengthen the service consciousness , and further intensify promote the development of medicine industry strength .	加强医药行业的发展 , 加强医疗意识 , 进一步加强医药行业的发展 。
the jets were viewable in the animated segment one on either side of an indiantricolour symbol to celebrate the 70 years of the country's independence .	在动物区域中 , 一个是印度色象征的两侧 , 庆祝国家独立70年的70年 。
automobile , big and small freight vehicle , box vehicle , sightseeing bus , no matter is the private car or the company vehicle may shanghai loan .	汽车、大型、小型货车、箱车、观察总线、无论是私人车或公司车都可以上海贷款 。
in addition to physical changes to the touchscreen , the technology of the touchscreen also ushered in a new wave of software interaction on mobile devices .	除了触摸屏的物理变化外 , 触摸屏技术也在移动设备上使用了新的软件交互 。
crepes suzette with mixed fruit , choice toppig blueberry sauce , chocolate sauce , strawberry sauce , pineapple sauce , mango sauce .	用混合水果 , 选择大蓝莓酱 , 巧克力酱 , 草莓酱 , 菠萝酱 。
however , the development of chinese silk industry is facing allround challenges including diversification of fibers , companies' competition in outside world and developing countries .	然而 , 中国银行的发展面临着各种挑战 , 包括多样化、企业在外国和发展中国家的竞争 。
they were quite different in chloroplast membrane structures , pigment protein complexes , the content of electron trans port components and photosynthetic functions .	不同于氯塑膜结构、颜料蛋白复合、电子端口组件和光合函数的内容 。
to explore the safety of modified type tatvp3 fusion protein , and the efficacy of modified fusion protein type of tatvp3 to immune system .	探讨改性型tvp3融合蛋白的安全性 , 改性融合蛋白类型tvp3对免疫系统的效果 。
the effect of the significant parameters on the stability of the large diameter cylinder quay of the piled wall type is investigated through numerical calculation .	通过数值计算 , 研究了桩壁型大直径圆曲稳定性的重要参数 。
some of you may do nothing at all . believe it or not , there are millionaires and billionaires among us who masquerade as relatively normal , moneyconscious people .	你们中有些人都不相信它 , 或者不信它 , 有百万富翁和百万富翁之间 , 它们是相对正常的 , 钱意识的人 。
the former army colonel , who seized power of the sparsely populated country in 1969 at the tender age of 27 , had totally reshaped the country in his image .	1969年 , 前军哥伦奈尔被抓住了稀疏人口的国家 , 1969年在27岁的拉德时代已经完全改造了这个国家 。
steven gerrard today savoured liverpool's derby day victory and insisted the reds are relishing the challenge of winning the race for a top four place .	斯蒂文·杰拉德今天拯救利物浦的德比日胜利 , 并坚持红军正在为四场比赛的挑战 。
some methods of preventing contamination in the largescale cell culture were introduced including people training , enviromental control , aseptic technique and material management .	介绍了大规模细胞培养、环境控制、绝缘技术和材料管理的一些方法 。
the left yi doesn't know for the cilia and dragged this hazardous topic , this isn't good , ask for an personality with brutal variety of to come out miserably .	离开y并不知道cilia并拖动这种危险的话题 , 这并不好 , 请求一个与破产品种的个性 。
liverpool are on the verge of singing esbjerg youngster nikolaj kohlert on a threeyear deal , according to reports in his native denmark .	根据本土丹麦报道 , 利物浦正在唱歌ebjerg年轻人nikoljkohlert的边缘 。
sand street south 18th french credit agricole bank , the sand street south 60 , the anglican communion is neoclassical works .	南街18号法国信用农业银行沙街60号 , 角色通讯是新古典作品 。
college counsellors who work at the front line of ideological and political are the grassroots commanders and educators of the ideological and political work .	思想政治前线工作的大学咨询者是基层指挥官和思想政治工作的教育者 。
ct current transformers are instrument transformers used in conjunction with ammeters , control circuits and protective relaying . they usually have 5 ampere secondaries .	ct电流变压器是用来连接amter、控制电路和保护继电的仪器变压器 , 通常有5个ampere二年 。
once fully dried , it is left to rest for some days , then in one step the skin , dried fruit flesh , parchment layer and all are torn from the green seed .	一次完全干燥 , 剩下几天 , 然后在一步的皮肤、干水果肉、公园层和所有都来自绿种 。
compared to ordinary noise correction methods , nonlinear fitting with a middle and later impulse response function is more advantageous when snr is relatively low .	与普通噪声修正方法相比 , 中和后冲击响应函数的非线性配合较低 。
introduce:xiaogu and mother give maternal father pay respects to sb at his tomb , xiaogu fell into bug hole suddenly in , before returning 10 years .	简介:小国和母亲在他的坟墓里付了尊重sb的父亲 , 小国突然落入了bug洞 , 返回10年之前 。
a business process competency center can provide a central repository of information for addressing these needs — and hosting it in the cloud makes it easily accessible .	一个业务流程能力中心可以为这些需求提供一个中央存储库 , 并且在云中拥有它很容易访问 。
the results in surface temperature distribution of a reduced scale model from the above calculation com pared with that from experimental measurement are relatively identical .	通过实验测量 , 得出了一种降低尺度模型的表面温度分布的结果 。
wollastonite as polymer filler is considered as an important direction to the utilization of wollastonite , which reduces the polymer product cost and improves product performance .	作为聚合物填料的主要方向 , 降低聚合物产品成本 , 提高产品性能 。
in october of two thousand eight , michael pollan wrote a letter to presidentelect barack obama which was published in the new york times magazine .	在10万八年10月 , 迈克尔·波兰在纽约时代杂志发表的电选奥巴马写了一封信 。
" connecting people , quality first " is our tenet , jinze people will be creating continuously to make copetitive products and we invite you passionally to set up the future resplendence .	" 连接人民 , 质量第一 " 是我们的网络 , 金子人将继续创造合作产品 , 我们激烈邀请您建立未来依赖 。
the results show that: the corundum refractory possesses the best erosionresisting characteristic in the pellet kiln , so it is the most suitable to be applied as lining in this kiln .	结果表明 , 圆柱折射具有最好的抗蚀特性 , 因此它适用于该窑中最适用的抗蚀特性 。
to admission the wto , brings opportunity and gauntlet for our country market , credit has become bottleneck of restricting the development of socialism market economy .	为了承认wto , 给我国市场带来机会和赌博 , 信用已经成为限制社会主义市场经济发展的瓶颈 。
during the standoff , six american warships surrounded the seized vessel to ensure the weapons were not taken elsewhere in the volatile region .	在斯坦多夫期间 , 六艘美国战舰周围围围绕着种子船 , 以确保武器在挥发区域不采取其他地方 。
hybrid characters obviously show maternal heterosis , fruit setting date , fruit size and color if hybrid population all tend to follow the femal parent .	杂交特征明显显显显显示出母亲异体、水果设定日期、水果大小和颜色 , 如果混合人口总是遵循女性父母 。
but even if weighing costs against benefits does not entirely answer the question of what should be done about climate change , it is an essential part of the answer .	但是 , 即使体重对气候变化的影响并不完全回答了应该做的问题 , 这是回答的重要部分 。
the utility model has novel structure , and is tough and durable , as well as is in particular applicable for the repairmen of various surcharged truck tyres .	本实用新型具有新颖的结构 , 具有较强的耐久性 , 尤其适用于各种各样的货车轮胎修复 。
hailing from the large western region of lithuania known as samogitia , these axemen are amongst the heaviest infantry units available to lithuanian armies .	辽南西部的大地区被称为萨莫吉尼亚 , 这些阿森林是最严重的婴儿单位之一 。
analyses the antifriction and noisereducing mechanism of the model , furthermore , it shows the direction and significance of this new concept's study in the fut...	分析了该模型的抗摩擦和噪声减噪机理 , 进一步展示了该新概念研究的方向和意义 。
the left cervical incision was perfoimed for cervical esophageal carcinoma and partial cervicosternotomy was performed for lesion in the upper thoracic segment .	左颈椎癌和部分颈椎切除术在上胸部的病变中执行左颈颈切除术 。
slowerthanexpected growth has fueled speculation the federal reserve could launch another round of bond buying to try to drive longterm borrowing costs lower .	随着联邦储备的增长 , 经济增长预计 , 联邦储备的增长可能会引发另一轮债券购买 , 试图驱动长期借款成本低 。
soil moisture content and its dynamics on road embankment and cutting slope at fixed points were investigated on shaanxi—inner mongolia desert expressway .	研究了山西省内蒙古沙漠高速公路的土壤水分含量及其在路堤上的动力学 。
the american association of university professors says sixtyeight percent of all teacher appointments at american colleges today are adjuncts .	美国大学教授协会表示 , 今天美国大学教师委员会的六十八%都是调整的 。
the intelligent electricmagnetic flowmeter , integrating the sensor , converter and integrator onto it , and displaying on the spot , is introduced in the paper .	介绍了智能电磁流量计、集成传感器、转换器和集成器 , 并对该点进行了展示 。
the tribute in light represents the lost twin towers from the world trade center . it displays just one of many memorials to the 9/11 attacks five years ago .	五年前 , 全球贸易中心的失去双塔 , 显示出了很多记忆之一 。
we should not entrust important jobs to persons who have made grave mistakes and whose attitude remains bad ; they should be deprived of their current ranks and perquisites .	我们不应该对那些犯了严重错误的人进行信任 , 而且他们的态度仍然不好 ; 他们应该被剥夺他们当前的排名和完善的人 。
objective to investigate the effect and mechanisms of tumor suppressor gene pten on the induction of anoikis of human bladder transitional carcinoma cells biu87 .	目的探讨肿瘤抑制剂基因pten诱导人类膀胱转移癌细胞biu87的作用机制 。
its capital was bodoni , and its leader was general pica . the guardian " s phones rang all day as readers sought more information about the idyllic holiday spot . "	它的首都是bodoni , 它的领导人一般是pica , 保镖的 " 电话 " 全天 , 阅读者对象节日点的更多信息 。
qcg series conventional canned motor pipeline mounted pumps are used to handle clean water or other liquids similar to water in physical and chemical properties .	采用qcg系列常规罐式电机管道安装泵处理清洁水或其他液体类似于物理和化学性能 。
unconventional agents such as the agent causing bovine spongiform encephalopathy , is associated with variant creutzfeldtjakob disease in humans .	不常规的药物 , 例如 , 引起牛肉痉挛性脑病 , 与人类各种不同的切尔茨菲特科布疾病有关 。
by introducing a reducedorder observer to reconstruct the state of the exosystem , the problem of physically realizable of the ootc law can thus be solved .	通过介绍一种降阶观测器 , 重建ootc法的物理实现问题 , 从而解决了ootc法的物理实现问题 。
an approach is proposed to discretize continuous intervalvalued attributes in rough set theory . the approach is characterized by emphasizing classseparability in discretization .	针对粗糙集理论中的连续间值属性 , 提出了一种方法 , 强调分类可分离性的方法 。
the air defence systems on display at airshow china in november showed a strong emphasis on deployable , multifunctional weapons with the export market firmly in mind .	今年11月 , 中国空气防御系统对可部署、多功能武器进行强调 。
rabies patient should protect processing in the quiet environment court eunuch , may use the tranquilizer to reduce patient's spasm , paralysis and the ache .	兔应该保护安静环境法庭的加工 , 可以使用tranquilizer来减少患者的痉挛、瘫痪和疼痛 。
however , should nilmar arrive as a replacement , wolfsburg may be willing to lower their price slightly and loosen their grip , allowing the rossoneri to pounce .	然而 , 应该nilmar到达一个替代 , 沃尔夫斯堡可能愿意降低他们的价格 , 减少他们的价格 , 允许罗斯尼里的价格 。
an adaptive control strategy for parallel hybrid electric vehicles is proposed based on drive cycle recognition with the balance of battery soc as objective .	提出了一种基于驱动周期识别的并行混合电车的自适应控制策略 。
as the situation of trust research's multidisciplinary interaction and omnibearingly advancing , it is imperative to check its philosophic dimensionality .	随着信任研究的多学科互动和多学科互动的现状 , 检查其哲学维度是不可行的 。
the longterm studies by hossain and his colleagues suggest that dams have particularly altered extreme precipitation patterns in arid or semiarid areas .	霍萨因和他的同事们的长期研究表明 , 大坝在干旱或半干旱区特别改变极端沉淀模式 。
since the end of the cold war , when washington sniffed soviet influence in its backyard , u . s . south american policy has slumped in importance .	自从冷战结束以来 , 当华盛顿对其后院的苏联影响下 , 美国政策的重要性下降 。
the capture of two german agents in 1942 uncovered two such codes which british intelligence had repeatedly failed to crack , the declassified files reveal .	1942年 , 两个德国代理的捕获发现了两种类似的代码 , 英国情报的反复失败 , 声明文件揭示 。
a new stabilization additive was studied , it has good effect to improve the color change and sediments formation of fcc diesel fuel containing nonbasic nitrogen compounds .	研究了一种新型稳定添加剂 , 提高含非基本氮化合物的色变和沉积形成具有良好的效果 。
net income came in at $54 million , or 4 cents per share , down from net income of $151 million , or 11 cents , in 2007's third quarter .	在2007年第三季度 , 净收入从净收入下降至15100万美元 , 或11美元 。
it’s certainly helping out the alphabet’s second vowel , although as the english language’s most popular letter , it doesn’t really need it .	尽管英语最受欢迎的字母 , 但它并不需要它 。
new york times chairman arthur sulzberger declined to comment in an wedensday on its involvement in the new device except to say , 'stay tuned . '	纽约时代主席阿瑟·苏尔伯格周二拒绝评论其涉及新设备的新设备 , 除了说 " 安装隧道 " 。
the dynamic , vivid , personality about workflow becomes the urgent needs of the customer , with wfms application scope to extend and application realm to expand continuously .	wfms应用范围扩展和应用程序领域 , 使工作流的个性成为客户的紧急需求 。
minister of the fingers into a large source to the coil , and quickly plucked from the middle of some dirt around workers are using water washing the dirt on the various components .	指甲部长进入一个大源 , 然后迅速从工人中间的一些肮脏脏的工人被用水洗去各种成分 。
mclennan , on the other hand , felt more in control and says she enjoyed aspects of her former job , especially the money and the opportunity to " party with rock stars . "	另一方面 , 麦克伦南觉得更多的控制 , 她说她喜欢前任务的方面 , 尤其是金钱和机会 " 与岩星一起 " 。
since we spend forty or more hours at our jobs weekly , it is essential to your health and longevity that your place of work is as conducive to wellness as possible .	由于我们每周花了四十个小时或多个小时 , 对于你们的健康和长寿来说 , 你的工作地方就像可能的一样有效 。
this is a redundant practice when using odbc , as the configuration is purely in initialization of the application , and the odbc functions are androgynous to the database system .	在使用odbc时 , 这是一个冗余的实践 , 作为应用程序的初始化 , odbc函数对数据库系统具有一定的稳定性 。
the opposition leader had returned to pakistan after eight years in exile and had survived a suicide bomb blast during her arrival procession in karachi only months before .	反对党领导人在第八年之后回到巴基斯坦 , 只有几个月前在卡拉奇过程中幸存了自杀炸弹 。
next , they divided up the diabetics and gave half a placebo and treated half with extendedrelease niacin , a drug that raises hdl levels in the blood .	接下来 , 他们分裂了糖尿病 , 给了半个安慰剂 , 用扩张释放niacin , 一种药物在血液中提高hdl水平 。
well you could stretch it and say that an example of engineering to improve human health is getting them from one place to another , but that would be more of a stretch than i'm going to make .	嗯 , 你可以伸展它 , 说 , 一个工程的例子来改善人类健康是从一个地方到另一个地方 , 但这比我要做的更多的伸展 。
investors looked decidedly spooked on monday , with asian and european bourses down sharply and the dow tumbling 643 . 76 points , or more than 5% .	投资者周一表示 , 亚洲和欧洲的股市大幅下跌 , 道琼643.76点 , 或超过5% 。
here is a wiring diagram for the star configuration that i have found from the net . you are better to do this with great circumspection or it would be easily end up with a burned esc .	这里是一个由网络找到的恒星配置的线图 , 您可以更好地完成这一点 , 或者很容易结束一个燃烧的esc 。
but the study of the buddhism thoughts from mou zongsan is less than others , especially the study of dacheng qixin lun's content and significance .	然而 , 穆宗山佛教思想的研究比其他人少 , 尤其是大成启兴午餐内容和意义的研究 。
more regulation of companies , encouraged by the sarbanesoxley act in the united states , and other measures designed to clean up the corporate act will be the spur .	更多的规定 , 由美国sarbanesoxley行动鼓励的公司 , 以及其他措施 , 清理公司行为将会是喷雾 。
you can embed media to better illustrate a topic , provide information about yourself to build your credibility , and collaborate with others to improve your knol over time .	您可以嵌入媒体来更好地说明一个话题 , 为自己建立信用性 , 同时与其他人合作 , 帮助您的knol 。
this paper describes the idea of mvc2 , the innovation in filtering and xml , as well as the design and implementation of access control administration system based on mvc2 .	介绍了mvc2的创新思想 , 以及基于mvc2的访问控制管理系统的设计和实现 。
steele declared subsequently to cnn that limbaugh's comments were incendiary and ugly , prompting limbaugh to question steele's ability to lead the party .	史蒂尔接下来宣布 , 林伯格的评论是独立丑陋的 , 促进利比亚对斯蒂尔的能力领导党 。
yet their summers more likely involve city recreation centers , steamy blacktop , or a splash in a public pool or a fire hydrant turned fountain .	然而 , 他们的夏天更可能涉及城市娱乐中心 , 蒸汽黑顶 , 或者在公共池或火火液化泉中闪烁 。
using these for reference , china should complete present educational investment system , give priority to development of the basic education , strengthen educational institution etc so as...	利用这些参考 , 我国应完成教育投资体系 , 为基本教育、加强教育机构等发展提供优先性 。
north korea says it attacked the island , killing two soldiers and two civilians , because the south ignored its warning not to fire into disputed waters around the island .	朝鲜说 , 它袭击了岛屿 , 杀了两名士兵和两名民间人 , 因为南方忽略警告不要在岛周围爆发的争端水 。
implementation: capable of implementing creative ideas in an allround way based on the overall strategy , we can achieve the best result from user experience optimization .	实现:可以在整体战略的基础上实现创造性思想 , 我们可以从用户体验优化得到最好的结果 。
the composer kennosuke suemura also allegedly plagiarised warcraft ii in super robot wars w . however , there have been no reports of legal action being taken .	然而 , 在超级机器人战争中 , 作曲家肯诺斯·苏拉还指出 , 在超级机器人战争中 , 没有法律行动的报道 。
as the strategic and leading industry of china , hitech industry attracts much fdi . gradually , fdi becomes the main power of promotion of hitech industry in china .	随着我国的战略和领先产业的发展 , 高科技产业吸引了很多fdi , fdi逐步成为我国高科技产业的主要力量 。
in the second quarter , aol said , its own members made up 36% of unique visitors to its network of websites , but generated 80% of page views .	在第二季 , aol表示 , 自己的成员将36%独特的访问者组成网站 , 但产生了80%的页面视图 。
but eventually we decide to skip it and return towards the barkhor . along the way we bump into fellow travellers anja and joep , who are also exploring the city .	但是最终我们决定跳过它 , 回到巴克哈尔 , 沿着我们的旅行者安杰和加入的路线 , 他们也在探索这个城市 。
changes california constitution to prohibit abortion for unemancipated minor until 48 hours after physician notifies minor's parent or legal guardian .	改变加利福尼亚宪法 , 禁止退休 , 直到48小时后 , 物理学家通知少数的父母或法律卫生 。
the majority embryo of seeds aborted at earlier stage could develop to earlier globular embryo phase due to the abnormal endosperm nucleus division .	由于非正常内皮核分裂 , 大多数胚胎的胚胎可以发展到全球胚胎阶段 。
the fifth , the agribusiness managerial education should to teach the profession knowledge , to make the independent thinking and cultivate the habit of lifetime learning .	第五 , 农业管理教育应该教授专业知识 , 使独立思维和培养生命学习习习习习习习的习惯 。
empire: total war featured a brandnew engine which would become the foundation of our latest developments , and introduce fully 3d naval battles to the series for the first time .	帝国:全部战争特色是我们最新的发展基础的品牌新发动机 , 首次介绍了全部3d海军战争 。
students will be able to use the knowledge and methods they will have learned in this course to search related materials and find answers when they encounter law problems in the future .	学生们可以利用学习的知识和方法 , 以搜索相关材料 , 并在未来遇到法律问题时找到答案 。
conclusion it is satisfactory of lattice scarification under corneal epithelium to treat bullous keratopathy caused by physical and mechanical factors .	结论在角膜上皮下 , 采用物理和力学因素对粗糙骨病的治疗 , 具有良好的满意性 。
optimists shrug that politicians always talk populist claptrap during primaries and that mr obama has actually committed himself to very little .	政治家们总是在原始阶段谈到人口主义克拉帕普 , 奥巴马先生实际上承诺自己很少 。
the mode on wii carries the exact same design as it does elsewhere , less your hairstyle options which are for some reason limited to one color and three style choices .	wi的设计模式与其它地方进行相同的设计 , 减少您的发型选项 , 适用于某些原因限于一个颜色和三种风格选择 。
the main view of this paper is: only when the laborers have legal collective bargaining right , and fully exercise this right , could they protect their own work rights and interests effectively ;	本文的主要观点是:只有当劳动者有法律集体阻碍权利的时候 , 才能有效地保护自己的工作权利和利 ;
at the same un summit , president obama offered strong rhetoric but little substance as he faces fierce domestic opposition to proposed carbon cuts .	同一联合国峰会上 , 奥巴马总统提出了强烈的旋转 , 但他面临着激烈的国内反对 , 以提议碳削减 。
barack obama and hillary clinton went back and forth several times throughout their zigzag battle for the 2008 democratic nomination — sometimes via voice mail .	巴拉克·奥巴马和希拉里·克林顿在2008年民主提名的zigzag战争中回来了几次 。
the interior advances a practice that is dedicated to wish fulfillment , material exploration and an unashamed reveal of exotic theatricality present in daytoday life .	内部先进的实践表明 , 希望充填、物质探索和日常生活的异热现象 。
balanced input signal from any true balanced player will be handled all the way through in fully balanced till it reaches the balanced headphone output connector .	平衡输入信号将通过完全平衡 , 直到达到平衡头输出连接器的平衡输入 。
the area has become an " arena " where gathers world big powers and various politics . the united states recognizes that central asia is part of the us global strategy .	这个地区已经成为一个 " 伊莎娜 " , 聚集了世界大力和各种政治 , 美国认识中亚是美国全球战略的一部分 。
the person most commonly associated with aop is gregor kiczales , currently at the university of british columbia , where he works on software modularity research .	目前英国哥伦比亚大学的gregorkiczales , 他在这里工作于软件模块研究 。
types of help might entail thorough job training on the job , direction , transportation , or other support enabling that individual to retain his or her employment .	在工作方向、方向、运输或其他支持下 , 可能会有足够的工作培训 , 以保持自己或她的职业 。
there was a scene whereby su jin finally went to the house she lived with yong min and finally packed up all her things and dropped the keys into the mail box .	有一场景 , 苏金终于去了她和永敏住的房子 , 终于把她所有的东西放到邮箱里 。
the finite element method is used to analyze the influence of external circumstances on effect of deicing or snow melting system by electrically conductive concrete .	采用有限元法分析外环境对电导混凝土的影响 。
bp managers say they frequently hear that 'potus has ordered' such and such , 'potus' being washington shorthand for 'president of the united states . '	bp经理说 , 他们经常听到 " 地位已经订购了这样的 , 这样说 , " 美国总统 " 的立场是华盛顿短缺 。
g2 united states recognizes the presence of international agencies , foreign governments and other representatives of staff and their immediate family members .	美国认识到国际机构、外国政府及其它代表人员和他们立即家庭成员 。
in particular , the relevant import declaration form as signed and issued by the customs shall be submitted for the payment for any purchase of foreign exchange .	特别是 , 海关签署和发布的相关进口宣言形式应当提交任何购买外汇的付款 。
the analyzing method in this paper is based on the classical theory of plates and shells and the twomoment limitedinteraction yield condition was used as the yield criterion for materials .	本文以板体和壳体的经典理论为基础 , 采用双矩有限元反应产量条件作为材料产量标准 。
yi xiaozhun said that china maintained good economic and trade relations with malaysia and singapore . the three countries are important trade partners of each other .	中国与马来西亚和新加坡保持良好的经济和贸易关系 , 三国是互相贸易合作伙伴 。
for the occasion , this month's column provides a more indepth description of ibm support assistant in general , including the latest features .	对于偶尔 , 本月的专栏提供了一个更深入的ibm支持协助剂 , 包括最新的特性 。
the analysis result shows: 1 favorable cap rock conditions can retard coalbed methane scattering and indirectly restrain methane desorbing ;	分析结果表明:1例较好的cap岩岩条件可以直接限制甲烷沉积和直接抑制甲烷吸附 ;
pictures taken yesterday shows dozens of pupils jogging and playing badminton inside jiakai sports hall , which is equipped with an airpurifying system .	昨天拍摄的照片显示 , 几十名学生们在贾卡尼体育厅内玩坏丹顿 , 装备了一个空气化系统 。
fig . 5 illustrates an example of a pulse width generator with two alternate delay paths , according to another embodiment of the present invention .	根据本发明的另一个实施 , 说明脉冲宽度发电机的一个例子 。
jinbao street is an avenue created after the destruction of a swathe of alleyways and traditional courtyard housing just east of the wangfujing shopping district .	金宝街是一条街道破坏的巷道和传统的院院院 , 仅仅是王府东区的东部 。
last week , france's national assembly voted to return the mummified heads of 16 maoris from various museums back to their homeland in new zealand .	上周 , 法国民族成员投票回到新西兰各地的16名马里亚博物馆 。
china is in favor of setting up a peacebuilding commission to coordinate more effectively un efforts in peacekeeping , postconflict rehabilitation and development .	中国喜欢建立和平建设委员会 , 协调和平保持、后冲突康复和发展的努力 。
in this paper to discuss labor relations , labor law that is subject to adjustment of labor relations , should be a specific , narrow sense of labor relations .	本文讨论劳动关系、劳动法调整劳动关系 , 应该是劳动关系的特殊、狭窄的劳动关系 。
“if japanese engineers did it , they would create a japanese product , ” explains hitoshi otsuki , who heads panasonic’s overseas operations .	" 如果日本工程师这样做 , 他们会创造一个日本产品 , " 希多斯基解释说 , 巴拿森州海外运营 。
anthocyanins provide the dark colours of many fruits and vegetables , such as blueberries and red peppers . they are what makes black rice 'black' .	青蒿素提供了许多水果和蔬菜的黑色 , 比如蓝莓和红椒 , 它们是黑米 " 黑色 " 。
'most earthquakerelated casualties result from collapsing walls , flying glass , and falling objects , ' says the fema web site .	女性网站说 , 几乎地震相关的灾难导致了崩溃墙、飞行玻璃和降落对象 。
west of the great dividing range the landscape consists mostly of plains and plateaus ; the macdonnell ranges near the country's center are an exception .	西部大范围的景观主要由平原和高原组成 , 这个宏观内尔的中心附近是一个例外 。
a the press of a button , a microcomputer lock all other floors'chute doors and sets the recyclingcontainer turning until the right box comes under the chute .	一个按钮的新闻 , 一个微型计算机锁定其他地板的切割门 , 然后设置回收容器 , 直到右键键 。
the drought was serious for early rice from early pi to maturity under dry year type , and its strength and duration surpassed that of normal year type .	干燥类型早期水稻严重 , 其强度和时间超过正常年型 。
the grand hotels has the honor to meet with mr . ajoy k misra , senior vice president , sales & marketing of taj hotels resorts and palaces .	大酒店拥有高级副总裁 , 销售和营销塔j酒店的胜地和宫廷 。
united is pleased to announce it has reached an agreement with partizan belgrade and the players for zoran tosic and adem ljajic to join the club .	联合国很高兴宣布 , 它已经达成了与党的比赛级别和球员的协议 , 加入俱乐部 。
when i go across the developing countries and ask myself what is the largest single explanation for the huge diversity of economic performance , it falls in this territory .	当我走过发展中国家时 , 问自己最大的单一解释是经济性能的巨大多样性 , 它在这个领域下降 。
although a number of projects outerjacketing frame for storeyadding have been accomplished presently , there is little research on design methods for this kind of frame .	尽管目前已完成了许多工程外震框架 , 但对于此类框架的设计方法有很少的研究 。
plan 1 is that heating in winter and cooling in summer is realized by gas direct fired lithium bromide absorbent type cool heaters using natural gas for fuel .	计划1是 , 在夏天的冬冷和冷却的夏天 , 由气体直接燃烧锂溴化物吸收式冷却器实现 。
the body position i end up in – with the tennis ball trapped in between my racket and the fence – is very similar to what your contact point will be when you actually serve .	我结束的身体位置 , 随着网球在我的射击和脚趾之间陷入了一定程度上 , 与您的接触点相似 。
l929 cells were cocultured with the porous chitosan membranes and biocompatible observation was performed with scanning electron microscope .	采用扫描电镜对l929细胞进行多孔壳聚糖膜和生物相容观察 。
the spirit of new asia college meant different signification by different period , but qian mu's noble ambition of developing chinese culture was always incarnated in it .	新亚大学的精神意味着不同时期的意义不同 , 但qianmu在发展中华文化的诺贵雄心总是在其中 。
ceramides are a type of lipid found in cell membranes , and they also serve as signals in the body's stress response , summers explained .	夏天说 , 陶瓷是细胞膜中发现的一种脂肪酰胺 , 并且它们也作为体内应力响应的信号 。
microsoft corp . , for example , has built up its cash levels to $60 . 9 billion , including equity and others investments as of march .	例如 , 微软公司已经建立其现金水平到60.9亿美元 , 包括股权和其他投资3月 。
the official jobless rate , which garners the bulk of attention from politicians and the public , was reported on friday to have risen to 9 . 7 percent in august .	据报道 , 8月份的官方工作失业率上升至9.7% 。
methods preoperative fine needle aspiration biopsy findings were compared with the final pathologic diagnosis of the surgically resected specimen in 241 cases .	方法对241例手术切除指标的最后病理诊断进行比较 。
when cave , as a kind of natural geomorphologic landscape , is developed and utilized by human being as a kind of tourism resource , we call it tourism cave .	当洞穴时 , 作为一种自然地理景观 , 由人类作为一种旅游资源的开发利用 , 我们称之为旅游洞 。
angle: it turned green because the soda water contains alkali . things like soda water which can turn the juice into green , are called alkaline matters .	角:它转变绿色 , 因为soda水含碱 , 比如soda水转变成绿色 , 被称为碱质 。
with the development of dance with accompaniment as well as opening of society , permanent theatres came into existence in tang dynasty and perfomances became more frequent .	随着舞蹈伴随着社会的开放 , 唐代永久剧院的发展变得越来越频繁 。
the vehicle frame is the footboard type structure , which is comfortable and convenient in riding and can obviously reduce the labor intensity of riders .	车架是足板式结构 , 具有舒适、方便 , 能明显降低骑手的劳动强度 。
and peng changes food to be caused easily full bilge feeling , the influence dines normally , meet what cloggy body pledges to nurture absorb .	彭改变食物容易产生充分的预测感 , 通常影响饮食 , 满足护理吸收的情况 。
he fled from wenzhou to the united states on september 21 , leaving 1 . 5 billion yuan in debt owed to both chinese banks and individual creditors .	他从温州到美国9月21日离开了15亿元债务 , 由于中国银行和个人债务人员 。
the seismology research centre says the earthquake measured 3 . 8 on the richter scale with an epicenter about 80 kilometers southwest of sydney .	地震学研究中心表示 , 地震震量测量了3.8 , 地震学中心大约80公里的sydney西南部 。
when the drone finally pulls away , his barbed penis andabdominal tissues are ripped from his body . he dies shortly thereafter — what abuzz kill .	当司机终于推出时 , 他的酒吧的佩尼斯和腹部组织被从身体里爬出来 , 他短期死亡了什么 。
the " metalframed composite hoses " are extensively used in industries such as petroleum , chemistry , pharmacy , foodstuff , storage and transportation .	" 金属框架复合房屋 " 广泛应用于石油、化学、药物、食品、储存和运输等行业 。
the phrase requiring the programmingtools word set shall be appended to the label of standard programs that require the system to provide the programmingtools word set .	要求程序tools设置的类型应该适用于标准程序集的标准程序标准的标准程序 , 以提供程序工具集 。
this course asks fundamental questions like why is the electric charge in nature quantized ? and why can't we find an isolated magnetic north or south pole ?	这个课程要求基本问题如何在自然定量的电荷 ? 为什么我们不能找到一个孤立的磁场或南极 ?
a dead turtle floats on a pool of oil from the deepwater horizon spill in barataria bay off the coast of louisiana monday , june , 7 , 2010 .	6月7日 , 2010年6月7日 , 巴拉特里亚海岸的路易斯安娜海岸 , 一只石油从深水水平线溢出的石油 。
conclusion the level of leukocyte cd18 and mpo increases and the leukocyte count decreases during reperfusion injury of rat island flaps .	结论白细胞cd18和mpo在大鼠岛平面重复损伤中增加和白细胞数量减少 。
france is expected to pledge 150 gendarmes to head an afghan police training mission , with a further 150 coming from mainly mediterranean countries .	法国预计将承诺150个升级到阿富汗警察培训任务 , 主要来自中海国家的进一步150个 。
we hold that the implementation of omc is a realistic choice of eu , though not enough to help eu to achieve health care integration in the end for its own weaknesses .	我们坚持说 , omc实施是欧盟现实选择 , 尽管欧盟不足以帮助欧盟实现健康保健整合 , 最终是自己的弱点 。
this article consists of five chapters: chapter one and two introduce the basic information of vor , including the source , definition , basic theory and value .	本文包括五章:第一章和两章介绍vor的基本信息 , 包括源、定义、基本理论和值 。
but the sun is on our backs . with limited time to wander , why trail down to the grotto when we can see it , all mystery preserved , from the ramparts of the basilica ?	但是太阳在我们的背部 , 带着有限的时间去走路 , 为什么我们可以看到的时候 , 所有神秘保留下来 , 从巴西亚的rampart ?
during 10 years since rgs come into being , it has bred about 10 high yield , high quality rice varieties , brought hugely contribution to jilin province .	从rgs进入10年以来 , 大约有10个高产、高品质水稻品种 , 给吉林省带来了巨大的贡献 。
check classified ads , both in print and online , to see what's available and what the going rate is in a particular neighborhood . get the earliest edition you can .	检查分类广告 , 在线和网上 , 看看你可以在一个特别邻居的东西 , 获得最早的版本 。
in a unique aviation experiment recently , the 170seat boeing 727 was made to crash in a controlled manner in a remote part of mexico's sonoran desert .	在最近 , 最近 , 170座座位boing727座位于墨西哥州索诺兰沙漠的遥控方式下 , 制造了一个独特的航空实验 。
i tell jurors at the very beginning of a trial that the freedom we usually have to jump to conclusions in everyday life is , for the purpose of this trial , now suspended .	我告诉陪审员们 , 我们通常必须跳到日常生活中结论的自由 , 因为这项试验的目的 , 现在悬挂了 。
this indeed is the one that i inscribe here as a balance to what is involved in meaning , it is the locus of that which , through the parlêtre , is designated in conscience as power .	事实上 , 我将这里描述为参与意义的平衡 , 它是通过参与议会的定位 , 被指定为权力 。
this paper builds the multiple scattering model of imaging in fog and presents the algorithm of fog water content measure based on images blur degree .	本文建立了fog成像多散射模型 , 提出了基于b模糊度的雾水含量测量算法 。
the silkworm , bombyx mori , as a completely domesticated insect with good breeding and genetic system , has been considered as an ideal model for lepidoptera .	作为一种具有良好的育种和遗传系统的全国性昆虫 , 被认为是一种理想模型 。
i fly the aircraft back down to the 1 , 500foot line at 500 feet and modify my airspeed to get at show center for the pullup . i level off at about 500 feet .	我飞机回到了500英尺的1500英尺 , 修改了飞机的速度 , 让我在飞机展示中心 , 我离开500英尺 。
many have cautioned investors not to make rash decisions , such as liquidating all their lowrisk government bonds in order to sniff the green paper bill for just a minute .	许多投资者不要制定冲突决策 , 比如液化他们的低危政府债券 , 以便只需一分钟就可以吸烟绿色纸币 。
in his youth , lawrence kessenich often clashed with his father over politics and religion , but he also admired his dad’s commitment to helping the poor and homeless .	在他年轻的时候 , 律师基斯尼奇常与他父亲在政治和宗教上讲话 , 但他也承认他父亲的承诺帮助贫困和家庭无家 。
arsenal can take positives from the result and most of the performance , city can take heart from the fact that even with 10 men they gave us a game until the second goal went in .	阿森纳可以采取积极的结果和大多数的表现 , 城市可以从事实上采取心脏 , 即使10名男子给我们一场比赛 , 直到第二个进球 。
what should we call these iphonelike , touch screen wifi phones with music and video , real web browsers , email , sensors , and , above all , app stores ?	我们应该把这些iphone类似的 , 触摸屏屏屏幕wfi手机 , 音乐和视频 , 真正的web浏览器 , 电子邮件 , 传感器 , 以及上面的应用程序存储 ?
results the automatically rotating km—5000d microkeratome system comprised three parts: microcut system , double electronic dynamic device and control panel .	结果自动旋转km-5000d微震系统包括三个部分:微切割系统、双电子动态装置和控制面板 。
impressed by the official's work , the gates foundation decided to adopt her model of prevention and outreach and replicate it in major cities across 12 provinces .	由官方工作的印象 , 盖茨基金会决定采取她的预防和出口模型 , 并在12个省内复制它 。
despite u . s . misgivings , britainsaid earlier this month it would join the aiib . france , germany and italy quicklyfollowed .	尽管今月早些时候 , 英国错误也会加入aib.法国、德国和意大利 。
but on the other hand , with the increase of the intrafirm trade and intraindustry trade , which is brought by multinational companies , the fdi has a positive effect on trade .	另一方面 , 随着企业内部贸易和内部贸易的增加 , 由多国公司带来的贸易效应 , fdi对贸易具有积极的影响 。
interactive charts will show investors how their risk exposure changes when they buy more microsoft options , or hold fewer chinese stocks , or short the price of oil .	交互图将显示投资者如何购买更多微软选项的风险暴露变化 , 或持有较少的中国股票 , 或短期石油价格 。
they and their patients have been very worried about the cardiovascular safety of rosiglitazone due to the meta analysis paper from new england journal of medicine .	他们和他们的病人一直担心由于新英格兰医学杂志的冶金分析 , 由于罗格里斯坦酮的心血管安全 。
a few insect species including beetles and katydids actively bleed when attacked , but the benefits of taking such extreme measures were not clear .	一些昆虫 , 包括啤酒和肉类活跃出血 , 但采取这种极端措施的好处并不清楚 。
infrared searching and tracking systems find wide use in military and civil applications . airborne irst systems are described , and its application examples are introduced .	介绍了红外搜索和跟踪系统在军事和民事应用中的广泛应用 , 并介绍了其应用实例 。
the gravel , grave cement and concrete thickness are given for reference only ; the final thickness will be accurately calculated according to chinese regulation .	根据中国规定 , 给出了石灰、石灰水泥和混凝土厚度 , 最后的厚度将准确计算 。
energy prices eased a bit tuesday , with oil hovering around$134 . 01 a barrel and gas prices at $4 . 078 a gallon .	星期二 , 能源价格简单 , 油价约134.01美元 , 每加仑4.078美元 。
even though its owners lacked all six required licenses , it operated on state property in full view of a stateowned mine for more than three years , the official said .	官员说 , 尽管其所有六个需要许可证都缺乏 , 但在全国有三年内 , 国有财产运行 。
for average people in china , they hope to find something from those countries that we can learn from , meanwhile intimidated by the potential despise or discrimination we might get in reward .	对于中国人来说 , 他们希望从那些我们可以学到的国家中找到一些东西 , 同时我们可能得到奖励 。
medvedev people in more than she had in mind the same year 1909 , the washington state governor to respond to announce the third sunday in june as father's day .	1909年 , 华盛顿州州州长在六月份宣布第三个星期日 。
a report by the world's leading international health organizations today calls for joint action to accelerate the development and licensing of a highly effective malaria vaccine .	今天 , 世界领先的国际卫生组织呼吁加快联合行动的发展和许可 , 以加快一个高效疟疾疫苗的发展和认可 。
the building faces south to capture the best views and has sweeping terraces that overhang by 2 . 5 metres to prevent glare into the rooms below .	南面捕捉最好的观点 , 超过2.5米 , 防止玻璃到下面的房间 。
designing your threadsafe class in this fashion allows it to be used in a multithreaded application as easily as a nonthreadsafe class , but with a higher level of safety .	在这个时尚设计线程安全类 , 可以在多线程应用中使用它作为一个非线程安全类 , 但具有较高的安全性 。
productivity in the united states has fluctuated widely in recent decades . from 1979 to 1990 , u . s . productivity grew by a slow 1 . 4% annually .	1979年至1990年 , 美国的生产力越来越广泛 , 从1979年到1990年 , 年度增长1.4% 。
but the researchers suggest that if the weakening trend continues , there could be more severe cyclones , even during the summer monsoon months of june to september .	但是 , 研究人员建议 , 如果减弱趋势持续 , 即使在6月到9月的夏季季季季 , 可能会有更严重的循环 。
moreover , this paper takes an example of the renewal and transformation of haohe in nantong , analyzing the experience from the investigation about background and course of it .	此外 , 文章从研究背景和过程的研究过程中分析了海河的再生和转变的实例 。
however , the compressed air pass the same large area of laval nozzle in the traditional vacuum ejector all through the working process , so its large shortcoming is high compressed air consumption .	然而 , 压缩空气通过传统真空喷嘴的大面积 , 因此它的大型低压空气消耗较高 。
democrats such as mr . hoyer blame the deficit largely on the bush administration , which inherited budget surpluses , but left office with deficits .	像霍耶先生这样的民主党 , 大部分责任布什政府的赤字 , 继承预算过剩 , 但缺陷的办公室 。
in addition to the sparql endpoints that appear on the public internet , others are appearing behind firewalls to ease crosssilo querying of enterprise data .	除了在公共互联网上出现的sparql端点外 , 其他人出现在火墙后面 , 使企业数据的交叉查询 。
cherie blair , the wife of prime minister tony blair , posed nude for a painting when she was a trainee lawyer in her mid20s , the times reported .	据《时代》报道 , 当她是一名中20年代中期的火车律师的火车律师的时候 , 切丽·布莱尔的妻子 。
neither fighter has ever appeared out of shape or drastically ran out of gas during a distance fight , but both tend to fade a bit over the second half of a 12round bout .	在距离战斗期间 , 战斗者从未出现形状或暴力跑出气体 , 但两者都倾向于在12周围的一半 。
the results can be shown by numerical value and by graphic in the developed software that make it be seen directly . besides , the working interface is easy for workers to use .	此结果可以直接看到它的开发软件的数值和图形 , 此外工作界面容易使用 。
you can now adjust your websphere integration developer authentication to use your administrator user , leaving the wpsserver id for use only by your server process .	您现在可以调整您的websphere集成开发人员验证 , 以使用您的管理员用户 , 只要您的服务器id使用 。
although figure 5 shows an mvclike model as an example , you can apply the basic principles of the rich web application backplane to any model and page design methodology .	虽然图5显示了一个mvc类似模型作为一个例子 , 但您可以应用丰富的web应用背景到任何模型和页面设计方法的基本原理 。
the new economic realities may lead to flat matchday revenues . while attendances continue to hold up well , many clubs have frozen or reduced ticket prices .	新的经济现象可能导致平均比赛日收入 , 同时 , 许多俱乐部仍然冻结或减少票价 。
on tv , a news reporter states that the vice president has the largest campaign war chest in history and is therefore the oddson favorite to win her party’s nomination .	在电视台上 , 一位新闻记者声明 , 副总统在历史上拥有最大的竞选战争支持 , 因此奥德森最喜欢赢得党的提名 。
based on the bidirectional properties of semiconductor cooler , we designed a bidirectional active highaccurated temperature controller , with broad working range .	基于半导体冷却器的双向性能 , 设计了一种双向高精度的高精度控制器 , 具有广泛的工作范围 。
although the ford fseries was the number one best selling vehicle in the us last year , there were six foreign owned models in the top ten list in 2010 .	虽然福特公司是美国去年销售汽车的数字最佳 , 但在2010年最高的十名单中有六个外国拥有的模型 。
occasionally , a follicle doesn't open to release the egg or recloses after releasing the egg and swells with fluid , forming an ovarian cyst .	偶尔 , 在释放卵子和汗后不开放卵子或卵子 , 形成卵巢囊 。
'we are not receiving special treatment ; we compete for business just like every other company , ' the fairfield , conn . , conglomerate said recently on its website .	" 我们并不接受特殊的治疗 , 我们只是像其他公司一样竞争 , " 公平场 " , 康纳特说 , 最近在其网站上说 。
he faces an investigation in france about allegations he sexually attacked a young novelist in 2003 , and a civil suit in new york by ms . diallo .	他面对法国的一项调查 , 他在2003年性侵袭了一名年轻小说家 , 并在纽约的一家民事服装 。
results show that the thermal comfort of combined system is the best , and the risk of condensation is lower than that when chilled ceiling panel operates individually .	结果表明 , 结合系统的热舒适性是最好的 , 混凝的风险比填充式天花板运行时的风险要低 。
at worst , he and his wife would earn about 600 yuan a month ; at the busiest times , when production ran until 2am , they could take home 2 , 100 yuan each .	最糟糕的是 , 他和他的妻子每月收到约600元 ; 在繁忙的时候 , 当产量跑到2am之前 , 他们可以每次回家2 , 100元 。
i could throw a few words at you supporting , sharing dreams and aspirations , confiding , loving , compromising but these are just words unless you act upon them .	我可以在你支持、共享梦想和渴望的几个词 , 信心 , 爱 , 妥协 , 除非你对他们行动 。
napolitano's comments came days after a nigerian man was arrested for igniting a small explosion on a northwest airline flight bound for detroit friday .	纳波利塔诺的评论是星期五在西北航班边的一条小爆炸之后 , 尼日利亚人被捕 。
our production team had tried many kinds of " idol " style selection shows in the past , " said jin , who was previously bestknown for his 2007 show " my hero " .	我们的生产团队已经尝试了很多 " 偶像 " 风格选择展示的 " , " 金先前为他2007年的英雄展示了 " 英雄 " 。
" we view them as very similar things , " says erik , a 28yearold assistant professor , referring to math and art . " they're both creative processes .	" 我们认为他们是非常相似的东西 , " 28岁的助理教授伊里克说 , 指数学和艺术 。
mr . noda's move raised speculation that he may be trying to show opposition members he is serious about cooperating with them in shaping budget and tax policies .	诺达先生的举措提高了预算和税收政策的反对成员 。
a taper company sends me the sample by there a/c . i did't like the sample then i send the sample to that company by my a/c and he made the same one . now we are doing great business .	一个taper公司把样本发送到a/c 。 我不喜欢样本 , 然后我将样本发送到a/c , 现在我们正在做好伟大的业务 。
to study relations between rrti and blood zinc value of children , blood zinc value of 35 cases of rrti were compared with that of 40 cases of no rrti .	对35例rti与血锌值的关系进行了比较 , 对40例无rti患者的血锌值进行比较 。
however , after choosing it , the subject would find a silver lining: " with a broken leg , i will be able to lie in bed watching tv , guiltfree .	然而 , 在选择之后 , 这个主题会发现一个银狮: " 一个破碎的腿 , 我可以躺在床上看电视 , 无罪 。
in this paper , ningbo is used as an object , and detail investigation and re search on present situation of science and technology resources have been done on it .	本文采用宁波作为对象 , 详细的调查和搜索目前科技资源的现状 。
where the losses in a traffic accident are caused intentionally by the driver of a nonmotor vehicle or a pedestrian , the driver of the motor vehicle shall not bear liability .	在交通事故的损失中 , 由非摩托车司机或行人引起的车辆损失 , 车辆驾驶员不承担责任 。
" cashforclunkers " programmes whereby governments subsidise the purchase of a new vehicle to replace old energyinefficient vehicles have been widely used .	" 现金包装商 " 项目 , 因此政府将购买新的汽车 , 以代替旧能源工程车已经广泛应用 。
this paper deals with the threshold condition of double resonance parametric oscillation when the absorption coefficient of the signal light is different from that of the idling light .	本文分析了双共振参数振荡的阈值条件 , 在信号光的吸收系数不同于同光 。
twentyfive years ago , for a chinese person to visit a foreign country or even to visit hong kong , part of our own country , it was very difficult or almost impossible .	二十五年前 , 中国人参观一个外国或甚至访问香港 , 我国的一部分 , 很难或几乎不可能 。
supporters prepare a huge inflatable figure of venezuela's president hugo chavez outside the national assembly building in caracas august 15 , 2007 .	支持者在2007年8月15日在卡萨斯州的国家组装建建筑外准备了巨大的不平坦数字 。
the influence of the ratio of alg , w component and porosity upon the resistivity of ag w electro contact material were examined by the computer simulation approach .	通过计算机仿真方法考察了agw电接触材料的电阻率和孔径对alg、w组分比的影响 。
it is possessed of delicate and symmetrical appearance and accords with the conventions of chinese traditional decoration and aesthetics , therefore , it is named chinese knot .	根据中国传统装饰与美学的约定 , 所以它被称为 " 汉语 " 。
traffic was snarled in cities from los angeles to washington , d . c . , as antiwar protesters blocked off major intersections , some chaining themselves together .	路透洛杉矶到华盛顿的城市 , 正如抗war抗议者一起阻止了主要的交流 , 有些链接在一起 。
as a communication interface of a downhole instrument composed of multicomputers , it exchanges commands and data with the data acquisition system through asynchronous serial port .	作为一个由多个计算机组成的下孔仪器的通信接口 , 它通过异步序列端口交换命令和数据 。
on the other side , the request of microwave communicating system becomes more and more critical to the performance of microwave passive device including coupler , splitter .	另一方面 , 微波通信系统的要求越来越关键于微波传感装置的性能 , 包括copler、分割器 。
in xun zi's view of history , the relationship between the saint and the tao not only has logical consistency , but also has a rich and diverse relationships in different historical periods .	在徐子的历史观念中 , 圣与道之间的关系不仅具有逻辑一致性 , 而且在不同历史阶段也具有丰富多样的关系 。
this allows chiquita to deliver bananas with the colors requested by the customers , which falls anywhere on a ninepoint scale ranging from green to deep yellow .	这允许chinas与客户所需的颜色交付香蕉 , 这些颜色都会从绿色到深黄色的9点范围下降 。
here , on a site once meant for processing spent nuclear fuel rods , an unusual textiles factory is setting up shop to serve the auto body construction industry .	在此基础上 , 一旦加工核燃料棒 , 一个普遍的纺织厂正在建立商店 , 以服务汽车建设行业 。
a high degree of reproducibility was also demonstrated . the tcb is a noninvasive , simple and convenient monitoring and screening device for neonatal jaundice .	同时也证明了一种高度的生殖能力 , tcb是一种非侵袭性、简单、方便的监测和筛选装置 。
a thousand feet underground , the cave of crystals is just one of a series of glittering caverns beneath the chihuahuan desert's naica mountain .	一千英尺的地下 , 水晶洞只是壳华沙漠附近的一系列闪烁洞之一 。
the kopeck weary performance mainly manifests in the hit probability , before already carried on season in the middle of match kopeck shooting average only then pitiful 36% .	kopeck的性能主要表现出来 , 在比赛kopeck拍摄平均36%之前 , kopeck的性能已经在赛季中赛季运行 。
since minimal invasive surgery is still “major” surgery , all the usual complications such as heart attack , stroke and even death are rare but possible .	由于最小侵入手术仍然是 " 主要手术 , 所有普通并发症如心脏攻击、中风甚至死亡 。
jianjiang , shexian county native during the late ming and early qing dynasties , whose buddhist name is hongren , was a pioneer of xin'an art school .	建江 , 沈安县位于明末清初期 , 是新南艺术学校的首领 。
the intellectualized thermoregulation principle of wool fabric finished by nanomicrocapsule is analyzed . the ideal heatabsorbing model is built .	分析了纳米胶囊制成的羊毛织物的智能化调节原理 , 建立了理想的吸热模型 。
scientific , procedure , computery , system management , corrective as always and set up the best products for our goal . fulfil the quality procedure to satisfy customers .	科学、程序、计算机、系统管理、校正 , 为我们的目标建立最好的产品 , 满足客户的质量程序 。
sanshandao gold mine is the first hard rock mine carrying out undersea mining in china , which adopts the mechanical upward horizontal slice stopingfilling method with pointed pillars .	三山大金矿是我国首次采矿的硬岩 , 采用机械上升水平板填充方法 。
all values in a specific column of a database table are encrypted with the same password provided by the user , the same encryption algorithm , and the same cipher mode .	数据库表中的所有值都是由用户提供的同一个密码 , 同样加密算法和相同的cipher模式加密的 。
pickled the movie , a surf flick by billabong usa featuring 8 worldclass surfers , 8 exotic countries , 1 total wannabe and a jar of pickles .	选举电影 , 比尔伯龙美洲特色8个世界级旅游商 , 8个外国 , 1个万纳贝和一瓶挑选 。
inverse archshaped bending of curved forms , ridged rear driving cabins on a slightly convex , continuous glass packaging and elegant surrounding the...	针对曲线形式的逆变拱形弯曲 , 在稍微的输送、连续玻璃包装和优雅的环境下 。
in this article , the progress of precoated steel for household appliance at baosteel is described . the quality , varieties and problems in the production are also mentioned with suggestions .	本文叙述了宝钢家用预制钢的进展 , 提出了生产质量、品种和问题 。
futurism , an early twentiethcentury movement in craft , rejected entire institutions and tried to exalt contemporary life by emphasizing the machine and film .	五十世纪早期的工艺运动 , 拒绝整个机构 , 试图通过强调机器和电影来解决当代生活 。
former ministry of labor , " the labor contract system off and notice a number of issues , " the fifth requirement: " the labor contract may provide for the effective time of the contract .	劳动合同制度的前一部 , 注意到许多问题 , " 第五条要求: " 劳动合同可能为合同有效时间提供有效的合同 。
mainly used in communications products , personal digital assistant , watches clocks , all kinds of instruments , office machinery , computer , car audio electric toy products .	主要用于通信产品、个人数码辅助、看钟、各种仪器、办公机、电脑、汽车玩具产品 。
its original meaning is that the fox borrows the tiger's ferocity to bluster other animals . its extended meaning is to bully people by virtue of somebody's influence .	它最初的意思是 , 狐狸借给了其他的动物 , 它的扩展意义是通过某些人影响的美德来掩盖人们的影响 。
objective to investigate the heartprotective effects of compound chinese medicine of tianma gouteng prescription on renal hypertensive rats and to explore its mechanism .	目的探讨天马高血压大鼠复方药物心脏保护作用 , 探讨其机制 。
dedicated hydroelectric projects are often built to provide the substantial amounts of electricity needed for aluminium electrolytic plants , for example .	例如 , 建立了用于铝电解厂需要的大量电力工程 。
it is the type of wood used to smoke the tobacco leaves and the amount of smoke exposure that gives firecured tobacco leaves their distinctive flavours .	烟草叶和烟草暴露量的烟草叶和烟草暴露 , 使烟草的烟草留下了不同的味道 。
among all the modules , we focus on the design of indexer and searcher based on the multilevel partitioning strategy , a novel index partition strategy proposed by us .	在所有模块中 , 我们关注了基于多级分区策略的索引和搜索器设计 , 提出了一种新的指标分区策略 。
objective:to study the effects of masticatory movements on the functional activity of brain by comparing the blood flow change before and after rpd restoration of freeend edentia .	目的:探讨胃运动对脑功能活动的影响 , 比较血流变化前后的rpd恢复 。
the stability and global convergence properties analysis of the multivariable generalized predictive poleassignment selftuning control recursive algorithm is presented .	提出了多变预测极分配自调控制回收算法的稳定性和全局收敛特性 。
the invention relates to a method for manufacturing a flatplate heat tube . the method comprises the following steps: providing an upper cover plate and a lower cover plate ;	本发明涉及一种平板热管制造方法 , 包括以下步骤:提供上盖板和低盖板 ;
the main buildings in that temple are then daxiong hall , the sutra hall , the clock tower , the in script ion " midnight bells " , the first floor of maple river .	那座寺里的主要建筑是大厦、超级大厅、钟塔、脚本电离 " 夜钟钟钟 " 、地下第一层 。
since asphaltic concrete materials are temperature dependent in nature , measured deflections and hence the structural capacity of pavement vary with temperature .	由于沥青混凝土材料具有温度依赖性 , 测量反射 , 因此 , 与温度不同的结构能力 。
in 1995 wu li took the strategic goal of shanghai in terms of domestic and international status and role as the basis for devising the rational size of population .	1995年 , 吴丽在国内地位和国际地位方面取得了战略目标 , 作为人口合理规模的基础 。
the fatty secamines can be directly prepared by the catalytic hydrogenation of the fatty nitriles , using ammonia synthesis gas instead of pure hydrogen .	采用氨基合成气代替纯氢 。
also the scholar thinks: itch becoming aware basically is by cuticular derma of the boundary sensory experience with place of shallowlayer skin clump conduct .	同样 , 学者认为 , 它基本上是由特殊的边界感觉体验与浅层剪切的位置进行的边界感觉 。
eventually , the system could use software or hardware to deal with emergencies such as giving an alarm for abnormity , poweroff , stopping charging and stopping discharging and so on .	最后 , 该系统可以使用软件或硬件处理紧急情况 , 例如给出异常、电源、停止电荷和停止放电等 。
taxation is a significant means for accommodating economics , and the arrangement of the tax system and tax administration can influence the development of nonstate enterprises greatly .	税收是适应税收制度的重要手段 , 税收管理的安排可以大大地影响非地区企业的发展 。
if the ribbon was severed , the top would burn up in the atmosphere , and the bottom would flutter to the ground " with the force of a sheet of paper , " according to liftport .	根据利物浦的报道说 , 如果利比昂被关押 , 顶部将燃烧在大气中 , 底部将会燃烧到地面上 " 的纸张力量 " 。
the demonstrations come a day before the centreright coalition of chancellor angela merkel is due to discuss the date when germany's nuclear reactors will finally be shut down .	当德国核反应堆最终将关闭的时候 , 这个示威是一天之前的一天 。
applying the theory of metaphors , familybased moral systems and contemporary american politics to the study of presidential campaign speeches entails dual meanings .	应用隐喻理论、家庭道德体系和当代美国政治研究总统演讲的双重意义 。
insiders pointed out that the two companies will now be entertainment devices sold at much lower profit , expect this market share , and rely on the application of highprofit game to get the benefits .	内部人士指出 , 两家公司现在将在较低利润销售的娱乐设备 , 期望本市场份额 , 并依赖高盈游戏的应用 。
dengue , for example , has notoriously emerged as one of the fastest growing disease burdens in the world ; today , cases are reported in many regions formerly free of the disease .	例如 , 登革在世界上最快的疾病负担之一 , 今天在许多地区的疾病免费报道 。
less than 70% of those with concerns about their periods have ever spoken to a gp , a survey of 600 women aged 1645 for the haemophilia society says .	哈莫菲利亚社会的一项调查显示 , 约70%的关注时期的女性在gp上发表了一个gp 。
or , you might encounter the task of transforming xml data into xhtml to deliver an attractive , interactive , and usable interface for mobile users and various web browsers .	或者 , 您可能会遇到转换xml数据的任务 , 将xhtml数据传送到xhtml , 交互 , 以及用于移动用户和各种浏览器的接口 。
like a savvy career counselor or financial planner , the right advisor can help you build a solid foundation as well as steer you through choppy waters once you open your doors .	正确的顾问可以帮助您建立一个固体基础 , 以及在开放你的门口之后 , 您就可以帮助你建立一个固体的基础 。
" i'd like present you orion . " the orion , billed as the next generation of manned spacecraft , has been de scribed by some nasa engineers as " apollo on steroids " .	" 我喜欢你们的洋葱 , " 洋葱 " 作为下一代人类航天飞船的下一代 , 已经被一些nasa工程师描述为 " apollo " 。
working into the wee hours totally disrupts worklife balance , causes you to miss out on time with loved ones , and more often than not , leads you to lose precious hours of sleep .	整个小时工作完全失败工作平衡 , 导致你错过时候爱人 , 而且往往不超过 , 导致你失去睡眠的时候 。
in kurdish legend , the holiday celebrates the deliverance of the kurds from a tyrant , and it is seen as another way of demonstrating support for the kurdish cause .	在kurdish传奇中 , 节日庆祝库尔德的交付 , 被视为库尔德兰原因的另一途径 。
firstclass passengers get directv for the same price as a glass of champagne — for free — and coach passengers pay $6 to go channel surfing .	第一类乘客可以直接为同样的价格 , 因为自由的玻璃 , 教练乘客支付6美元的通道冲浪 。
considering chinese labor is up to 3times more expensive now than places like vietnam , why aren't we making an effort to manufacture in those cheaper countries if we have too ?	考虑中国劳动的价格比越南等地方更昂贵 , 为什么我们也要努力制造更便宜的国家呢 ?
on the other hand , the suitable reinforced method is selected in comparison with various reinforcement schemes such as injection root pile , nonskid pile , anchor bar and so on .	另一方面 , 选择适合加固方法 , 比较各种加固方案 , 如注射根桩、非滑桩、锚杆等 。
“the current mood is that his resignation is likely to be accepted but no decision has been made yet , ” an official at the presidential blue house told the financial times .	" 目前的情绪是 , 他的辞职可能接受 , 但没有决定 , " 总统蓝宫官员告诉金融时代 。
in this paper , multiscale wavelet decomposition and susan operator are synthetically used in image processing , then the locations of feature points are rapidly acquired .	本文综合应用多尺度小波分解和san操作符 , 然后快速获得特征点的位置 。
one " bad apple " can spread negative behavior like a virus to bring down officemates or destroy a good team , according to a new study examining conflict in the workplace .	根据工作场的一项新的研究对象 , 一个 " 坏苹果 " 可以传播负面行为 , 比如病毒带下办公室或破坏良好的团队 。
" it's all about the product development capability , " yoshikazu tanaka , chief executive officer of japan's no . 3 social networking operator , gree inc (	" 这都是关于产品开发能力的 , " 日本第三社交网运营商yoshikazzutanaka , 首席执行官yoshizutanaka " 。
she also sent photographs of the orphanage and told me about the caregivers , or “mommas , ” as they were called—most of them youngish haitian women with families of their own .	她还发出了孤儿的照片 , 并告诉我关于生育者的照片 , 或者 " 妈妈 " , 因为他们被称为 " 大多数年轻的海地主义女性家庭 。
and here i want to warn all my relatives and people close to me that these services will use all means to trap and try to kill and liquidate me either physically , socially or professionally .	在这里 , 我想要警告所有的亲戚和接近我 , 这些服务将使用所有的手段来捕捉并试图杀死和液体 , 社交或专业 。
but attention soon shifted away from the rainforest to issues like climate change and organic agriculture , and now the amazon is disappearing at about the same rate it was in the 1980s .	然而 , 很快从雨林中转移到如气候变化和有机农业这样的问题 , 现在亚马逊在1980年代就消失了相同的速度 。
the company says it was able to raise such a large round because programmable logic device chips are the most profitable sector in the semiconductor market , with gross margins of 65 percent .	该公司说 , 它能提高这样一个大圆 , 因为可编程逻辑设备芯片是半导体市场中最利润的部门 , 占65% 。
article 14 the government may require a communications enterprise to take necessary emergency measures for the public interest in the event of natural disasters or emergencies .	第十四条政府可能需要通信企业采取必要的应急措施 , 用于自然灾害事件或紧急事件中公共利益的公共应急措施 。
instead , he focused on what the company already allows users to do on musician pages on the site via music player applications and the like , many of which come from thirdparty developers .	相反 , 他关注公司已经允许用户通过音乐玩家应用程序和第三方开发人员在网站上做音乐家页面 。
mr . liu found fulltime work as a laborer ; his wife took a part time job and watched over the family’s two children , a daughter and their young son liu jingjun .	刘先生发现全职工作是劳动者 ; 他的妻子拿了一份时间工作 , 看着家里两个孩子 , 一个女儿刘静俊 。
senior lieutenant colonel tran thanh hang , who is responsible for receiving war memorabilia donated to the museum , said as yet , no one knows who le d . tuan was .	由于接受战争纪念物馆捐赠的战争纪念碑 , 高级联合国人也不知道谁是谁 。
having one global file to update means less of a headache , just remember to update it when you add or delete a user , then push it out to all boxes again via scp .	有一个全球文件更新意味着头痛的更新 , 只要记住在添加或删除用户时更新它 , 然后将它放到所有的框中 。
based on the keywords our clients suggested to us , we bought up several keywordrich urls , for anywhere from $100 to $4 , 000 per url .	基于我们的客户建议的关键字 , 我们购买了几个关键字url , 因为任何地方每url100至4000美元 。
we have discussed how the custom administrative client receives information from the websphere environment , but how does it in turn push the information to the monitoring tools ?	我们讨论了如何从webspherre环境获取信息 , 但如何将信息推到监控工具 ?
emphases of the paper are on constructing a reasonable data structure and realizing the basic function of solid modeling such as rotation , zoom , pan and section view . etc .	本文重点建立合理的数据结构和实现固体建模的基本功能 , 如旋转、zoom、pan和部分视图等 。
phyllis ring , 81 , of fort collins , colorado , watched the speech from her wheelchair in the end zone of denver's invesco football stadium .	菲利斯环 , 81岁 , 福特科林斯 , 科罗拉多 , 看着丹佛的投资足球场的最后一个地区的演讲 。
one development that wolfram is especially excited about is using wolfram alpha's ability to understand and compute natural language queries in order to create mathematica programs .	沃尔夫拉姆特别是兴奋的一个开发 , 使用沃尔夫拉姆·阿尔法的能力理解和计算自然语言查询来创建数学程序 。
elisa is a young married lady working on an isolated farm and proud of her skills in growing flowers . one day , she suddenly feels a desire to communicate with .	伊丽莎是一位年轻的婚姻女士 , 工作于一个独立的农场和自豪的技能 , 一天 , 她突然感觉到了与她沟通的欲望 。
volunteer mentors are expected to spend 6090 minutes a week helping newcomers on work culture , contacts , writing applications and learning about professional associations .	志愿者预计每周在工作文化、接触、编程应用和学习专业协会上花6090分钟 。
it has mobilized 11 air force planes , four navy vessels with divers and a tanker for the retrieval operation that jobim said was being carried out in a 120mile radius .	它已经移动了11架空军飞机 , 四艘海军舰队和一艘坦克人在120英里半径的检索操作中说正在进行 。
caracas , venezuela – a plane carrying 51 people crashed monday in eastern venezuela , and officials said 33 survived while at least 14 were killed .	卡萨斯 , 委内瑞拉 , 一个飞机在东部委内瑞拉的51人坠毁 , 官员称 , 至少14人死亡 。
a breakdown of the numbers by country reveals authorities are seeking 7590 chinese , 5050 americans , 4020 malaysians and 3470 british .	据国家公布的数字突破 , 正在寻求7590名中国、50名美国人、4020名马来西亚人和3470名英国人 。
good looks can slay a woman's chances of snaring jobs considered " manly , " along to a learn along the university of colorado denver business school .	好看起来可以奴隶一个女人在科罗拉多丹佛商学院学习的 " 男人 " 的机会 。
andrea pirlo had an early freekick charged down by the defensive wall while clarence seedorf and cresp both had halfchances as sampdoria massed in defence .	安德雷亚·皮洛早期被防御墙负责 , 而克拉斯·塞多夫和克莱斯普都有半机会 。
the human infections of diphyllobothrium latum , toxocara canis , and triodontophorus minor discovered by lin from beijing were the first records in the country .	北京林的第一个记录是第一个记录 。
britain's prince william will marry his longtime girlfriend kate middleton in 2012 , on the eve of the london olympics , the news of the world reported sunday .	据世界新闻报道 , 英国王子威廉将于2012年嫁给他的长期女朋友凯特·米德尔顿 。
when a user's mail file is set to use the inotes6 . ntf template , it inherits all the design elements in this template and also inherits the reference to the shared forms file .	当用户的邮件设置使用inotes6.ntf模板时 , 它继承了这个模板中的所有设计元素 , 并继承共享形式文件的参考 。
however , phenolic plastic prepared with twostep method is mostly cured with htma and this curing process will release ammonia from htma , which will corrode the copper or brass parts .	然而 , 用两步法制备的苯丙烯塑料主要用于htma , 这种诅咒过程将从htma发布氨基 , 这将腐蚀铜或铜部件 。
clapper rails in particular are highly dependent on the marshes—including fiddler crabs , a dietary staple—and they'll have nowhere to go if the oil arrives .	特别是石油到达的话 , 克拉普勒铁路是高度依赖于马什的 。
“the government says everything is fine , ” said aleksandra volgina , 31 , the leader of candle , a russian aids organization based in st . petersburg .	" 政府说 , 所有东西都很好 , " 圣彼得堡的俄罗斯援助组织的领导人阿里克拉·沃纳说 。
“we have discovered that no class of drugs had been spared , ” said aline plançon , the head of interpol’s counterfeit drug department . “it’s not just primary medicines .	" 我们发现 , 没有一类药物被撕裂 , " a线平面on说 , 互联药物部的首席执行官 , " 这不仅是主要药物 。
the mycelium biomass of trichoderma koniggi tr6 and saccharomyces cerevisiae cb2 were found to has a good linear relation with the content of ergosterine .	结果发现 , 三角形koniggitr6和sacarchomycescb2具有良好的线性关系 。
to determine the rate of cd4 testing completion , we reviewed the records of all clinic patients who tested positive for hiv between january 2008 and february 2009 .	为了确定cd4测试完成率 , 我们回顾了2008年2月至2009年2月间测试艾滋病毒的所有临床病人记录 。
taking an accurate census in china is a difficult task with the millions of migrant workers who've left their official addresses in the countryside for opportunities in the cities .	在中国采取精确的审查任务是一个艰难的任务 , 那些在城市的正式地址留下了数百万名移民工 。
based on the communication control system of metro vehicles in shenzhen metro phase 1 , this paper presents the realization principle and the application method in actual operation of trb mode .	基于深圳市地铁车辆通信控制系统 , 提出了实现trb模式的实际运行原理和应用方法 。
the improved malachite green method utilizes the malachite green dye and molybdate , which forms a stable colored complex specifically with inorganic phosphate .	改进的马来石绿法利用马来石墨绿色染料和钼 , 形成稳定的色泽复杂 。
the total length of 80page paper , over 120 doctorate awarded by the school committee determined to be plagiarism , twothirds did not indicate the bibliography .	80页的论文总长度 , 学校委员会授予的120多名医生决定是平等主义 , 三分之二没有指出这本书 。
children fathered by older men are likely to be less intelligent than the offspring of younger dads , australian and us scientists have found in a report published yesterday .	澳大利亚和美国科学家昨天在一份报告中发现 , 那些年轻的爸爸、澳大利亚和美国科学家的父亲可能比去年的孩子更少的智力 。
apply the established evaluation criteria number system to research the ride feature of wmtc test cycle and the difference with ftp , ece etc emission test cycle .	应用建立了wmtc测试循环的评价标准号系统 , 研究了ftp、ece排放测试周期的骑行特性和差异 。
eileen chang' s original is possessed of female narrative , it is decided by the writer' s sex and demonstrates that female deconstruct masculinist .	《女性叙事》是由作家性行为决定的 , 并展示女性解剖肿瘤学家 。
the mechanism , parameter design and application of a new type of high frequency electromagnetic antiscaling equipment based on frequency scanning technique are discussed .	讨论了一种基于频扫描技术的高频电磁防范设备的新型机理、参数设计和应用 。
as a source , we can find the clear humanism moulage from baixianyong's personal life experience , religious emotion and the influence over chinese and foreign literature legacy .	作为一个来源 , 我们可以从白建永个人生活经验、宗教情绪和对中国文学遗产影响的清晰人文主义模块 。
radiographic examination in experimental group showed much callus than that in control group . after 4 weeks , gross observation showed large amount of new bone trabeculae in two groups .	实验组的放射检查显示 , 在4周之后 , 观察结果显示两组新骨轨道大量 。
" all the foul stuff from the latrines and all the rubbish thrown down the chute accumulate and compost , as in a septic tank , " wallacehadrill said .	沃拉斯哈德里尔说: " 所有的泡沫都从拉里尼斯和所有的橡胶扔下了切尔积累和复合物 , 比如在一个秘密坦克里 。 "
the 50 l novel bioreactor named as fus 50l was designed and the data acquisition system for both pilot and production scales was developed according to the proposed principle .	根据该原理 , 设计了50l作为fus50l的l型生物反应器 , 研制了飞行器和生产规模的数据采集系统 。
intake was calculated using the nutrition data system for research version 2007 , and consumption was monitored using diet diaries and by measuring the weights of the returned pistachios .	利用2007年的研究版本的营养数据系统 , 利用糖尿病检测 , 测量回收pistaos的重量 。
other universal banks have much lower shares , according to data from scorpio partnership , a consultancy , with private banking at hsbc making up only 6 percent of profit .	根据scorpio合作数据 , 其他普通银行股票的数据 , 只有6%的利润 。
according to popsugar , we will get to see john mayer and jennifer aniston walk the red carpet together at the oscars this sunday , february 22nd .	据popsugar报道 , 我们将于今天2月22日在奥斯卡举行红地毯 。
then the two corresponding communicational tendencies , highcontext and lowcontext communications , are put forward , which exert great influence on interpreting activity .	然后提出了两种相应的沟通趋势、高上下文和低上下文通信 , 对解释活动具有重要影响 。
piano and cello are given equal roles in the sonata in a , a break with the 18thcentury format of a piano sonata accompanied by an instrumental obbligato .	钢琴和cello在sonata中扮演同样的角色 , 一个18世纪的钢琴索纳塔格式与仪器的义巴格式相结合 。
brilliant , iconoclastic , and witty , he had won election in traditionally republican arizona and had succeeded as an activist , progressive governor .	他在传统的共和党亚利桑那赢得了选举 , 成功成为一个活动主义、进步的州长 。
koller was impressed , thought it likely to be useful in eye operations and two months later tried it out , first on animals and then on his own eyes with complete success .	科勒被印象深刻 , 认为在眼睛操作中有用 , 两个月后 , 首先尝试出来 , 然后他自己的眼睛完全成功 。
the diagnostic value of p300 in diabetic encephalopathy was evaluated . methods erp were tested in 50 type 2 diabetic patients and 30 healthy control group .	评价了50型糖尿病患者和30例健康控制组的诊断价值 。
thus it threw shadows of these obscure and homely figures every evening with as much care over each contour as if it had been the profile of a court beauty on a palace wall ;	因此 , 每天晚上都要关心每个轨道的影子 , 就像是一座宫墙上的一个法庭美丽的概念 ;
by analyzing the basic characteristics of nonvesseloperating carrier , the paper confers its identification and its limitation of liability for maritime claims and its lien on cargo and so on .	通过分析非开发载体的基本特点 , 阐述了海事责任的识别及其限制 。
when i went with my second brother to ahmedabad , some enthusiastic friend of mine took me by surprise by printing and publishing it and sending me a copy .	当我和第二个兄弟去阿哈姆·贝达 , 一些热情的朋友通过印刷和发布版 , 让我感到惊讶 。
when an enterprise submits an enterprise income tax return , the financial statements and other related materials shall be attached in accordance with the related provisions .	当企业提交企业收入税收回时 , 金融声明和其他相关资料应依照相关规定附加 。
these indicate that hd is closely related to cmv infection . cmv infection may be an important teratological factor of some congenital malformations including hd .	这些表明 , hd与cmv感染密切相关 , cmv感染可能是hd的一些先天性畸形的重要地区因素 。
several studies have shown that low and middle level executives show many stress symptoms , like ulcers , high blood pressure , tension , burnout and so on .	几项研究表明 , 低和中级执行官表现出许多应激症状 , 如溃疡、高血压、张力、烧伤等 。
california natural chicken & brown rice dry cat and kitten food is made with only five pure & simple ingredients to meet the needs of your special cat .	加利福尼亚自然鸡和棕米干猫 , 只有五个纯纯、简单成分 , 才能满足特殊猫的需求 。
this piece nominated the award of berlin jin xiong 1999 , but defeated the red of " of american excellent movie with powerful actual strength finally cautionary " .	本片提名了柏林金正1999年奖 , 但打败了 " 美国优秀电影 " 的红色 , 最终有强大的实际力量 。
preliminary computations indicate that the model demonstrate rather higher skill of predictions , it shows perspective of realizable approach to forecast shortterm regional climate .	初步计算表明 , 该模型具有较高的预测能力 , 显示了可实现的方法预测短期区域气候 。
the antiwar groundswell brought out thousands of counter demonstrators , including 2 , 000 who gathered outside the state capitol in mississippi .	抗war地壳带来了数千名反对示威者 , 其中包括2 , 000名在密西西比州的国务员 。
the shandong provincial quality control and inspecting center for bearings is located in the factory taking up the task of quality inspecting and arbitrament of the province's bearing products .	山东省质量控制和检测中心位于工厂采用质量检测和质量检测产品的任务 。
the full text of the treaty to be enshrined in the egyptian hieroglyphs temple of karnak at thebes and the temple of ramses the wall .	在埃及hieroglyph寺和rams的寺庙中 , 充分的条约 。
according to the design of spillway dam on arch dam in wanjiagou reservoir , this paper elaborates special problems and solving method of spillway dam in design and construction .	根据武家沟水库拱坝的设计 , 阐述了设计和施工中的特殊问题和解决方法 。
credible dynamic parameters of dam materials obtained from indoor tests are the key to the accuracy of dynamical analysis for earthrock dam .	室内试验得到的坝材料的可信动力学参数是地球岩坝动力学分析精度的关键 。
still , i haven't yet had enough experience to determine if the android market is an adequate substitute for the apple app store , or to explore many of the features and apps .	然而 , 我还没有足够的经验来确定安德鲁id市场是否适用于苹果应用程序存储的完全替代 , 或者探索许多特性和应用程序 。
the paper has studied into the hydraulic system of two cylinders synchronization and accurate orientation , then designed the synchronized system that could meet the requirement .	本文研究了两缸同步和准确定向量的液压系统 , 设计了可满足要求的同步系统 。
the index's annualized growth rate remained unchanged at negative 23 . 9 percent , with the previous week's figure revised higher from negative 24 . 1 percent .	指数年增长率仍然不变于负面23.9% , 前周的数字从负面24.1%升高 。
applied to cotton , linen , silk , wool , cashmere , synthetic fiber , blended , underwear and infants , and other types of clothing and cleaning .	适用于棉、线、丝、毛、现金、合成纤维、混合、服装、婴儿等类型的衣服和清洁 。
finally , an organization framework of multiscale spatiotemporal data is proposed to facilitate the data access based on the characteristic of multispatialscale data .	最后 , 提出了一种基于多空间尺度数据的多尺度空间时空数据的组织框架 。
in order to search and solve the adsl line fault when the user accesses the net , we introduce one kind adsl fault detect i ng instrument in this thesis .	为了搜索并解决adsl线故障时 , 用户访问网络时 , 我们介绍了一种adsl故障检测我在本论文中的ng仪器 。
after the equilibrium of fast exchange process is reached , the slow exchange process can be treated as pseudosingle exchange center system by means of the differential kinetic equation .	在快速交换过程平衡后 , 通过微分动力学方程 , 可以将缓慢交换过程作为伪交换中心系统 。
the topography is from digital elevation data collected by the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite .	地形是由美国航天卫星上所收集的高空热排放和反射辐射辐射器收集的数字排放数据 。
the invention discloses a shutter type environmental wind guiding device of an air cooling island of a power plant , belonging to the technical field of energy power .	本发明公开了一种电厂空冷岛的关闭环境风引导装置 , 属于能源的技术领域 。
hehui is a kind of temporary mutual aid of old times to circulate necessary funds . it was always organized among the kin's and neighborhood .	河徽是一种传统必要基金循环的临时互助 , 它总是组织在金刚和邻居之间 。
objective:to investigate the surgical indications , operational methods and clinical applications of modified hysterectomy within the tunica vaginalis by using celioscope .	目的:探讨冠状腺切除术、手术方法及临床应用 。
under root's guidance , the renamed colt patent firearms manufacturing company hired talented mechanics and engineers who continued the innovations colt had begun .	在根源指导下 , 著名的钴专利火焰制造公司雇佣了天赋力学和工程师 , 继续创新领域开始 。
the 19ye arold is a regular for his country's under20 te am and was a key performer in liverpool's second string landing the le ague title last season .	19岁的阿尔德是利物浦上赛季第二场联赛冠军的一个关键演员 。
the tundra extends endlessly , all leached out colours , smudgy greens and browns , merging with the sky into a distant greyblue nothingness .	无尽的延伸 , 所有的叶子都离开了颜色 , 泥绿和棕色 , 与天空融合到遥远的绿色无处 。
the gymnasium complex is part of the massive sports facilities that were built by the chinese for the 2008 summer olympic games in beijing and surrounding areas .	2008年夏季奥运会在北京和周围地区建设的大型体育设施之一 。
but mr . khan was vexed by the striking inequalities — the new hummers cruising by endless shantytowns — and the growing rumblings of tribal politics .	但是 , 韩先生被打击不平等的新罕默斯破坏了 , 以及部落政治的日益增长 。
the u . n . 's food security analysis unit and a famine warning project known as fewsnet say the famine in southern somalia is growing worse .	美国食品安全分析单位和名声警告项目称 , 南索马里南部的著名警告项目越来越严重 。
the focus on a reduced footprint implementation of eobject is also noteworthy , with some clients using it to achieve more than 60percent reduction in footprint .	关注eobject的脚印实现也值得注意 , 一些客户使用它来实现60%的脚印减少 。
glaciers in the french alps have lost a quarter of their area in the past four decades , according to research by scientists at the university of savoie , the bbc said .	bbc说 , 在过去的四十年里 , 法国阿尔卑斯的冰川已经失去了四分之一的地区 。
knowing the basics of populations , sampling , and statistical significance will help you to understand what's possible , and to better understand and interpret what the results mean .	了解人口、采样和统计意义的基础 , 将帮助您理解什么可能性 , 更好地理解结果意义 。
german crown prince . the son of emperor william ii , he commanded troops in the battle of verdun and renounced the crown at the close of world war i .	德国冠王子 , 王子威廉二世 , 他命令军队在维登战斗中 , 重新宣布了世界大战的冠军 。
web page has to show a large number of realtime data in computeruser interface of a bridge health monitoring system based on b/s model , result in frequently updating pages .	网页必须在基于b/s模型的桥梁卫生监测系统中显示大量实时数据 , 导致通常更新页面 。
the new site concrete exposed surfaces , timely with plastic and heat preservation material covered in ( hscmt condition maintenance , concrete shall not watering .	新型的网站混凝土透露表面 , 随着塑料和保温材料覆盖 , ( hscmt条件维护 , 混凝土不能水 。
on 9/2/02 in our local paper , there was an article by tony pugh of the knightridder newspapers entitled " doctors closing the door to drug salespeople . "	在本地论文中 , 本地报纸中有一篇文章 , 针对骑士报纸的 " 医生关闭药品销售规范 " 的玩具插图 。
our former striker mikael forssell reminded us what he can do inside the opening quarter of an hour , and bruce was delighted to have him back leading the birmingham line .	我们前锋米卡尔·福塞尔提醒我们可以在开幕季度做什么 , 而布鲁斯很高兴把他带回了伯明翰线 。
the press takes use of advanced twoway cartridge valve system and imported electric pump technology which can realize double closed loop control of pressure and flow rate .	采用先进的二路卡车阀系统和进口电泵技术 , 实现双闭环控制压力和流速控制 。
design and configuration process about the control system of a mechanical arm are introduced based on mcgs configuration software and siemens s7 200 series programmable logic controller ;	介绍了基于mcgs配置软件和siemenss7200系列可编程逻辑控制器的控制系统的设计和配置过程 ;
insulin secretion from the beta cells in the part of the pancreas called the islets of langerhan is a complicated process , which if it fails to work properly induces diabetes .	胰岛素分泌是一种复杂的过程 , 如果没有正确的诱导糖尿病 , 那么胰岛素分泌是胰岛素分泌的 。
grand buddha at ling shan the grand buddha at ling shan situated in the small ling shan area in the south of the maji mountain , wuxi , jiangsu province .	岭岭岭山大佛位于大岭山南小岭山区 , 武西 , 江苏省 。
that is why i select " citizenship education in american schools " as my research field . both the research methods of literature gathering and comparing have been adopted in the thesis .	这就是为什么我选择 " 美国学校公民教育 " 作为我的研究领域 , 文学聚集和比较的研究方法 。
on christmas day , the miami heat and dwyane wade will take on the cleveland cavaliers and lebron james in a matchup of two of the best young players in the league .	在圣诞节上 , 迈阿密热和戴维安·瓦德将采取克莱夫兰队员和莱布伦·詹姆斯在联赛中最佳两名年轻球员的比赛 。
this is why web designers , and their close cousins , banner , header and footer designers , can charge up to $50 for one good web page header , and more for a complete set .	这就是为什么web设计师和他们的密切的coins、banner、头部和ofter设计师 , 可以收费50美元的一个好网页头 , 以及一个完整的集 。
the paper got across the study about isokinetic technique applying conditions and resolving problem , and provided reference which can made isokinetic technique apply in martial art .	本文从语音技术和解决问题的研究中得到了语音技术 , 并给出了在武术中应用语音技术的参考 。
currently , the value of human capital in enterprises is mostly measured from accounting perspective , and the specialized in assessment of management humancapital is rare .	目前 , 企业资本价值主要由会计视角测量 , 专门评估人力资本不少 。
the algorithm presented in this paper incorporates the trust region method into the restricted simplicial decomposition algorithm to solve the master problem of rsd .	本文介绍了信任区域方法的方法 , 为了解决rsd的主要问题 , 将信任区域算法融入限制的简单分解算法 。
portsmouth are the cook islands , or whatever pacific islands are most threatened by global warming . they are sinking fast , soon to disappear without trace .	波斯茅斯是烹饪岛屿 , 或太平洋岛屿最受全球变暖威胁的威胁 , 很快就消失了 。
shenzhen yirui electronic technology co . , ltd . is a professional led manufacturer in r&d , production , sales and services which founded in 2006 .	深圳irui电子科技有限公司是一家专业led制造商 , 生产、销售和服务于2006年成立的专业led制造商 。
rio ferdinand will miss middlesbrough's visit to old trafford on monday after suffering a back spasm in the warmup at the britannia stadium .	里奥·费德南德将错过中产阶级的访问 , 周一在布里塔尼亚体育场的背空间中遭遇了一场温暖的空间 。
van gogh painted 'patch of grass' in 1887 in paris and it hangs in the krollermuller museum in the dutch eastern city of otterlo .	1887年 , 范戈尔在巴黎画了 " 草地 " , 并在荷兰东部城市的克鲁勒姆尔博物馆里挂着它 。
the goal of this study was to determine the acute effects of decaffeinated coffee , chlorogenic acid , and trigonelline on glucose tolerance in 15 overweight men .	本研究的目标是确定15名超重男性葡萄糖耐药的急性效应 。
from a practical viewpoint , consumers value poultry welfare , so better market access may be obtained by producers who ensure good welfare in their flocks .	从实际观点出发 , 消费者价值人口福利 , 因此更好的市场访问可以通过生产者来确保他们的群体中的好福利获得 。
mr . greenspan maintains that the development of china and other factors fostered low rates around the globe and not just in the u . s . contributing to a housing boom that was worldwide .	格林斯潘先生保持着中国和其他因素在全球范围内的发展 , 不仅在美国的房地产繁荣的贡献 。
based on an analysis of industrial cluster this paper defines the industrial cluster a new kind of organization mode of spatial economy that is different from market and hierarchy system .	本文根据工业集群的分析 , 定义了不同于市场和层次系统的新型空间经济体系的工业集群 。
now folds the lily all her sweetness up , and slips into the bosom of the lake: so fold thyself , my dearest , thou , and slip into my bosom and be lost in me .	现在折叠了她的甜蜜 , 滑进湖底的底层:那么你自己 , 最亲爱的 , 你和我一起丢失了 。
thus mr specter’s move will both increase mr obama’s chances of getting his domestic agenda through congress and boost his ability to put liberals in the courts .	因此 , 观众的移动都会增加奥巴马先生通过国会获得国内议程的机会 , 提高他的能力 。
this year xinran arranged for me to meet a maker of paper lanterns who had the same thing happen to him during a more recent clearance round nanjing’s confucius temple .	今年 , 新南京最近一轮的孔子庙 , 就会见一位纸灯制造商 , 同样的事情发生在他身上 。
those beautiful promises , those sweet smiles on the photos , which are as warm as the sunshine , in turn slowly freeze the curve in the middle of my right hand .	那些美丽的承诺 , 那些在照片上的甜美的笑容 , 这就像阳光一样温暖 , 在我右手中慢慢冻结了曲线 。
priority reverse is a kind of phenomenon that the higher priority task is blocked by the lower priority task since they are using the same share sources in real time system .	优先的反向是一种基于实时系统的同样共享源的高优先任务的现象 。
by the model , the contour error vectors were computed with tool position points from the interpolator of computer numerical control and position tracking errors of servo systems .	通过模型 , 利用计算机数控控制和位置跟踪误差的工具位置点计算了误差矢量 。
it realized rational general layout in narrow area by making use of abandoned excavated materials and overall construction site allocation in longtan hydropower station .	它通过利用废弃挖掘材料和整体建筑站分配 , 实现窄区域的合理通用布局 。
strengthen the practice teaching , pay attention to the thought and the capacity of innovation of the students culturing , and it gets manifest achievement .	加强实践教学 , 注重学生培养思想和创新能力 , 获得了显著成就 。
these temperature shifts are heavily influenced by entirely natural ocean cycle fluctuations that affect heat transfer patterns from the tropics .	这些温度转变受热带传热模式影响的全天然海洋周期波动的影响 。
wang fuzhi's interpretation undoubtedly degraded zhuang zi's xiaoyao from the realm of heaven and earth to confucian humanity concernment .	王福志的解释无疑从天地和地球到儒家人文关注中降解了庄子的小姚 。
these greater concentrations have the unfortunate side effect of making blue tiberium highly volatile and explosive , making harvesting the crystals extremely dangerous .	这些更大的浓度对制备蓝钛高挥发性和爆炸性的不幸副作用 , 使得晶体极为危险 。
the company handles image processing for other wedding photographers and also teaches them to use lightroom 2 efficiently so they can save time and money processing smaller jobs themselves .	公司处理其他婚礼摄影师的图像处理 , 同时也教他们使用光室2 , 这样他们可以节省时间和更小的工作 。
the prescription of the tissue culture of petunie hybrida and the dna level of phenotypic variation seed lings produced by tissue were discussed .	讨论了punie杂交的组织培养和组织产生的dna水平 。
its university , founded in 575 , was a noted center for the study of theology , science , and medicine in the 7th and 8th centuries . population , 04 , 2' .	575年创立的大学 , 是一项研究理论、科学和医学的研究中心 。 人口04 , 2' 。
a phase i clinical trial has shown that miv210 administered to healthy volunteers has a very good oral bioavailability and achieves high blood plasma levels .	我的临床试验表明 , miv210管理到健康志愿者具有很好的口服生物可用性 , 达到高血浆水平 。
the correlation of ratooning rate to the yield relating characters of main crop and ratoon crop in rice was studied with 30 different types of rice varieties and hybrids .	采用30种不同类型的稻种和混合材料 , 研究了大麦主要作物产量与ratoon作物的相关性 。
local codimension two bifurcation of maps , associated with hopfpitchfork case , is analyzed using the center manifold theorem and normal form method of maps .	利用图像中心定理和正常形式方法分析了地图的局部编码两个分布 。
bank staff involved in indonesia’s tsunami recovery say governmentled plan , communitybased reconstruction are critical in natural disaster response .	印尼西亚海啸恢复的银行工作人员说 , 基于社区的重建是自然灾难反应的关键 。
“he was my only son , ” said ma xiangqian’s father , ma zishan , a struggling farmer of landscape plants and trees grown for use in the bustling cities .	" 他是我唯一的儿子 , " 马湘乾的父亲马沙安说 , 一个斗争的农民和树木生长在繁荣的城市 。
use the index or primary key field to select the key columns that the q apply program uses to identify replicated rows and correctly order transactions .	使用指数或主要键字段来选择q应用程序的关键列 , 以确定复制行和正确顺序事务 。
but the great souls having taken refuge of the divine nature , o arjuna , render devotional service unto me with undeviated mind knowing me as the imperishable origin of all creation .	然而 , 伟大的灵魂已经拒绝了神圣的自然 , 奥贾纳 , 渲染的服务 , 让我知道我成为所有创造的真实原因 。
late at night , the international atomic energy agency announced that japan had added a third plant to the list because radiation had been detected outside its walls .	晚些时候 , 国际原子能源机构宣布 , 日本已经增加了第三个植物 , 因为辐射在墙外被检测 。
he proposed " the situation " is not only thinking of the late ming zun situation of an important stage in development , but also of his literary activities of the theoretical basis .	他提出的 " 情境 " 不仅是思考了明迅发展的一个重要阶段 , 也是他对理论基础的文学活动 。
yanov chomsky pointed out that the diversification of gas supply also increased , which will enable the implementation of natural gas exports have become more flexible .	yanovchomsky指出 , 气体供应的多样化也会增加 , 这将使自然气体出口的实现变得更灵活 。
although the traditional is easy for installation and operation , but because of the limited capacity , it can not satisfy the requirement of large scale foam project .	虽然传统的安装和操作方便 , 但由于有限的能力 , 但不能满足大规模泡沫项目的要求 。
instead of letting his star player force a move , ferguson reminded rooney who was boss a lesson learned long ago by cantona , roy keane and david beckham .	弗格森提醒罗尼老板在加拿大、罗尼、科恩和大卫贝克汉姆学到的教训 。
as for john f . and robert f . kennedy — the story ends in 1969 , and teddy is nowhere to be seen — the kennedys presents them as men of deep integrity .	对于约翰f和罗伯特f.肯尼迪 , 1969年结束的故事 , 泰迪目前被看成是肯尼迪的男人 。
jesus offered himself as a sacrificial being before heaven for the sake of the one will , without pursuing his own happiness but for the benefit of humankind on the earth .	耶稣在天堂前作为牺牲者 , 没有追求自己的幸福 , 而对人类的益处 。
then , can social responsibility help increase customers'satisfaction ? if so , what is the mechanism and how important is it ? this research is to answer these questions .	然后 , 社会责任可以帮助增加客户的满意度 ? 如果这样 , 那么 , 什么机制是怎样的 , 这个研究是如何回答这些问题 。
litchfield said that he warned oracle of the problem in november , hoping that the company would fix the flaw when it issued a group of quarterly security patches in january .	利切菲尔德说 , 他在11月警告奥克莱问题 , 希望该公司在1月发布了一组四分之一的安全补贴时将定位 。
a bit . instead of a few hundred thousand , as he initially suggested , the gateses are going with 10% of their wealth . so . . . more like hundreds of millions .	比如他最初建议的几千万 , 盖茨将会有10%的财富 , 比如数百万 。
hugh hefner , the 84yearold " playboy " magazine founder , said he is considering marrying girlfriend crystal harris , aged 24 , the us media reported .	美国媒体报道 , 84岁的 " 玩耍男孩 " 杂志创始人hghhhhefner称 , 他正考虑结婚女朋友哈里斯 。
after constructing the model of motion of the target and the kinetic kill vehicle , constraints of interception were analyzed and the computing method of orbit transfer was also derived .	分析了目标运动模型及动力杀死车、拦截约束以及轨道转移的计算方法 。
jinan is also famous for the spring city . the abundant groundwater of mount tai flows down the north , spews in the urban areas and forms numerous springs .	金南也是春城著名的泉水 , 山北流下 , 城市的泉水 , 形成了许多春天 。
twoeyes , however , made them welcome , and was kind to them , and took care of them , so that they both with all their hearts repented the evil that they had done their sister in their youth .	然而 , 两眼 , 让他们欢迎他们 , 很喜欢他们 , 照顾他们 , 因此他们的心都代表了他们年轻的妹妹们 。
people believe that the number is useful when they are in danger,such as in the valley or in the mountain area . even through the signal is very bad , the police could know where you are .	人们相信 , 当他们处于危险的时候 , 就像山谷或山区一样有用 , 甚至通过信号很糟糕 , 警察可以知道你在哪里 。
in day after day to repeat life , we use own small head fit many concept , significance , formula... but that is filled with pain and tears behind too much fun and laughter .	日后 , 我们用自己的小头适合许多概念 , 意义 , 公式...但这充满了痛苦和泪水的背后太有趣 。
the point , buffett repeats in all his appearances in china , is that by quitting stanford and trying to make a go of it in music , he was doing the same thing his father did .	巴菲特在中国所有外貌都重复重复出现 , 是通过辞职斯坦福德 , 试图在音乐上做一件同样的事情 。
the values may be different depending on the manufacturer of the wire and the ambient temperature , so we recommend you recalculate the values based on your particular requirements .	因此 , 我们建议基于您的特定要求的计算值 。
the smoke screen that may absorb and scatter infrared , heavily attenuates energy of guidance head , and then will reduce the probability of missile shooting .	可以吸收和散射红外的吸烟屏幕 , 重量引头的能量 , 然后降低导弹射击的概率 。
this paper is focus on small set character recognition . based on skeleton graphics , handwriting chinese character is defined as a set of isolated branch , isolated loop and component . relation...	本文以骨架图形、手写汉字为一组分离分离分离分离分离环、分离环和组件的关系定义 。
he is seen as an important figure who made great contribution to modern art , a pioneer on the path of painting practice , and a pilot due to his intelligent painting theory .	他被视为现代艺术的重要人物 , 是由于他的智能绘画理论而引起的先锋 。
wang yuquan , a chief consultant at frost and sullivan in beijing , told ap that the announcement is a subtle warning to skype not to grow too large .	北京佛罗斯和苏利凡首席顾问王元泉告诉说 , 宣布不太大 。
instead , while hong kong is feeling the heat of competition from china , its economy is thriving having just experienced its fastest three years of growth since the late 1980s .	相反 , 香港正在感受中国的竞争热量 , 但它的经济正在促进了自1980年代末以来最快的三年生长 。
this paper discusses causation and preventing measure of settlement difference in high and low stride building , and points out characteristic and feasibility to use cincture constructing later .	本文讨论了高、低边建筑中沉降差的原因及防治措施 , 并指出了利用粘土建设的特点和可行性 。
'i don't see anything changing in the next two or three years , ' said john deal , a 50yearold individual investor who works in walnut creek , calif .	" 我未来两或三年不会看到任何变化 , " 卡尔if工作的50岁的个人投资者约翰·交易说 。
he is the greatest teacher i have ever seen . he is able , without visible effort , to make a lecture to students seem like an intimate , socratic dialogue .	他是我曾见过过的最伟大的老师 , 他能没有可见的努力 , 让学生们看起来像一个愚蠢的、社会对话 。
scream 4 offers little more than a group of familiar characters wandering around a horror movie setting and uttering selfreferential oneliners as the body count mounts .	螺钉4提供了一组熟悉的字符 , 包括一个恐怖电影设置和自我引用的单线程作为身体数字 。
another problem with the statement that the more televised governmental proceedings , the better , is that it assumes that people actually watch the proceedings when they are broadcast .	另一个问题是 , 越来越多的电视政府进程 , 更好的是 , 人们认为当他们广播时 , 人们实际上看到过程的过程 。
until 24 february , when the us air force awarded the kcx contest to boeing , eads appeared to have a strong chance of parking its tanker on boeing's lawn .	直到2月24日 , 当美国空军获得了kcx竞争的时候 , 埃德斯出现了强烈的停车机会 。
some are masters of new or traditional media ; some are religious leaders , and a few are top officials of those governments that do have the ability to project their influence globally .	有些是新传统媒体的大师 ; 有些是宗教领导人 , 而且一些是政府的最高官员 , 这些都是全球影响他们的能力 。
the architects recommend careful use of express bus rapid transit—the cheapest public transportation option—and increased capacity for bicyclists and pedestrians .	建筑师建议小心使用表达总线快速交通 , 最便宜的公共交通选项 , 增加了自行车列表和行业人员的能力 。
for example , an older system might store the term " dog " with a broader term of " mammal " and narrower terms of " dachshund " or " bulldog . "	例如 , 一个旧的系统可能会存储 " 狗 " 的术语 , 更广泛的 " 哺乳 " 和 " 小鼠 " 或 " 小鼠 " 。
in ding zhuren eyes , wuxi ming is tall , handsome youth , talk funny , work carefully , to accept strong , quick thinking , practical work hard .	在丁庄眼中 , 吴明高 , 青少年 , 小心工作 , 接受强壮、快速思维、实践工作 。
in addition , connection strings constructed at run time from unvalidated user input can lead to string injection attacks , jeopardizing security at the data source .	此外 , 运行时的连接字符串可以导致字符串注射攻击、jeopard化安全 。
as the debate continues , mr donkin needs to grapple with the fact that , particularly in america , ordinary people have seen their incomes stagnate since the 1970s .	随着辩论继续延续 , 唐金先生需要把握事实 , 尤其是在美国 , 普通人民从1970年代开始看到他们的收入稳定 。
i felt extremely welcomed into your friendly school community and am amazed by the dedication of all the studentsit is obviously a very successful school .	我感到非常欢迎您的友好学校团体 , 令学生们感到惊讶 , 很明显是一个非常成功的学校 。
always , always pay yourself first from your wage , then pay your creditors . in that single act , you are telling the universe that you are worthy and deserving f more .	总是 , 总是从你的工资中付出自己 , 然后支付你的信用者 。 在那个单一行动中 , 你告诉宇宙 , 你值得更多 。
currently under construction , the mine is estimated to contain a staggering 40 million tons of copper and 46 million ounces of gold and should start operating in 2012 .	目前在建筑下 , 矿石预计将包含一个4000万吨铜和4600万盎司金 , 应该在2012年开始运营 。
as a result , de rothschild originally set his launch date for 28 april exactly 62 years to the day when heyerdahl set out on his epic journey across the pacific .	结果 , 罗斯童年4月28日在太平洋的史诗旅程中设置了他的发射日期 。
experiment proved that phagocytic percentage and phagocytic index of celiac macrophage could be increased , transformation of lymphocyte could be increased by xin an grain .	实验证明 , 纤维宏观形态下淋巴细胞转化可以提高淋巴细胞的平均百分比和平衡指标 , 提高淋巴细胞的转化 。
he also noted that when looking for solutions to the problems , equal consideration should be given to denuclearizing the korean peninsula and addressing the security concerns of the dprk .	他还注意到 , 当寻找解决问题的时候 , 应该对朝鲜半岛的核化和解决dprk的安全关注 。
methods:221 patients with depression and 178 normal controls were measured with the family dynamics questionnaire and family environment scalechinese version . results: 1 .	方法:采用家庭动态问卷和家庭环境规模版对221例抑郁症患者及178例正常对照进行测量 。
the main business profit is an important index that department in charge , stockholder and user of the statements pay great attention to , its truthfulness is the main task of the auditing work .	主要业务利润是审计工作的重要任务 。
analysis and explorations are made to the rupture phenomena of te first cross member in sh6700 light bus floor . 3structure improvement plans are put forward on the basis .	针对sh6700光总线地板破裂现象进行了分析和探讨 , 提出了基于结构改进方案 。
the second part analyses the concept , background and current situation of watersaving green space , and makes sure the need and feasibility of watersaving green space development ;	第二部分分析了水保绿空间的概念、背景和现状 , 确保水保绿空间开发的需要和可行性 ;
by pursuing graduate studies , they can get the chance to be a member of civil servants or political department and get high salary as well as get a higher social status .	通过追求毕业生的研究 , 他们可以获得公务员或政治部门成员的机会 , 获得更高的社会状况 。
an old well , abandoned wilderness , in the writer's eyes are beautiful , it nourished a few generations of the world lives and depleted the number of trickling effort ?	作家的眼睛是美丽的 , 保持了几代世界生活 , 放弃了野生的努力呢 ?
for example , a number of research studies found that social science majors had achieved greater managerial success than those who had technical training or preprofessional courses .	例如 , 许多研究发现 , 社会科学主要成功比那些有技术培训或专业课程的更大经理成功 。
in 2004 , sh company is facing duple restrictions from the market and bank , which result in the problem of repayment of bank loan , difficulty in raising money and shortage of working capital .	2004年 , sh公司面临着市场和银行的双重限制 , 导致银行贷款的问题 , 难以提高工作资本的缺陷 。
this paper introduces the solution of incomplete separation of waste alkali liquor in the cyclohexane oxidation unit applying coalescence separation through experiment and innovation .	通过实验和创新 , 介绍了废碱液不完全分离的解决方案 。
the recreational corner of the bedroom , black cloth art ground lamp is tiein and coriaceous single person sofa and footrest , arranged the good place of individual have a rest .	卧室、黑布艺术地灯的娱乐角落是蒂宁和皮肤单人沙发和脚趾 , 安排了个体的好地方 。
marion lynette snowden:hope you can build an international jci standard hospital with us , let all mothers and babies in china can get best medical care and on the same steps with the world .	玛丽妮特·雪登:尽管你可以与我们建立一个国际jci标准医院 , 让全国母亲和婴儿在一起医疗保健和同一步 。
liverpool are expected to overcome psv eindhoven after chalking up a 30 quarterfinal firstleg lead and that will provide chelsea with the opportunity to finally get even with the merseysiders .	利物浦预计将克服psveindhoven , 然后在3季度的第一季度领导之后 , 这将提供切尔西最终与merseyssiders的机会 。
the ship auction committee shall be composed of three or five persons , that is , execution officers appointed , as well as auctioneers and surveyors engaged by the maritime court .	船舶拍卖委员会应由三或五人组成 , 这是由海事法院执行官任命 , 以及海事法院的拍卖人员和调查人员 。
yago loaned to bari after sergio bernardo almiron , another bianconero left turin to move to bari . it is young spanish player yago silva falque .	雅格奥在塞尔吉奥伯纳多·贝尔蒙之后借给巴里 , 另一个比安科罗左转转到巴黎 , 这是年轻的西班牙球员 。
the party's sixth plenary of sixteen session made a series of entire and specific arrangements for harmonious culture construction for current and future a period .	十六届会议的第六次 , 为当前和谐文化建设提供了一系列的整体和具体的安排 。
to do this , use the find utility to locate and review all files you've accessed or changed during a certain time period today , yesterday , or at any date or segment of time in the past .	为了这样做 , 使用发现实用程序来定位和评估你在过去一段时间访问或更改的所有文件 。
based on the submarine soft rock supporting engineering in beizao mine of longkou mining corporation , the physical model tests of interaction of usteel support and roadway were carried out .	根据北京龙口矿区的潜艇软岩支持工程 , 提出了利用usteel支持和道路交互的物理模型试验 。
methods:cell growth and differentiation were analysed by trypan blue dye exclusion test , 7690 xu fluorescein staining and transmission electric microscopy .	方法:采用trypan蓝染料排除试验、7690u荧光染色及传输电镜分析细胞生长和分化 。
objective to inquire into the adsorptivity of hcv rna by the inner surface of machinecollected plasma bags and their tubes which were produced , using pvc as main raw material .	目的探讨hcvrna内表面吸附性及其主要原料生产的管道 。
the solidification model of twinroller strip casting is established . the solidification process of strip casting is mathematically simulated by using the finite element software .	建立了双辊带铸件固化模型 , 采用有限元软件模拟了带铸的固化过程 。
the intellectual property rights for all prizewinning works will belong to the mcu r&d division . works will be published in the special 22st mcu literary prize magazine .	所有奖励作品的知识产权将属于mcur&d部门 , 作品将在特殊2stmcu文学奖杂志上发表 。
for example , evaporation from water surface decreased , relative humidity near to the ground surface increased , sunshine hours reduced and wind speed decreased .	例如 , 从水表面的蒸发下降 , 地表面附近的湿度增加 , 阳光小时降低和风速减小 。
it is named after wilbur l . scoville , an american scientist who , in 1912 , developed a test to measure levels of capsaicin , the chemical that creates the heat in chilli .	1912年 , 美国科学家wilburl.scoville在美国科学家 , 研制了一项测量卡普萨辛的化学水平的试验 。
when blood sugar rises to a certain degree , saturated central issue gastric disorder signal . if all the nutrients , to reduce weight a biscuit products .	当血糖升高到某些程度时 , 饱和的中央问题胃障碍信号 , 如果营养物 , 减少双cuit产品 。
and here , through the mere excitement , i rapped heavily , with a cane which i held in my hand , upon that very portion of the brickwork behind which stood the corpse of the wife of my bosom .	在这里 , 只有激动 , 我把握在我的手中 , 手中 , 拿着一只剑 , 然后面有一部分的砖壁作品 , 阻止了我的妻子的尸体 。
each one of a person’s ten fingers leaves a distinct impression , and the elasticity of skin makes it all but impossible to leave precisely the same fingerprint impression twice .	每个手指都留下一个不同的印象 , 而皮肤的弹性使得皮肤的弹性变得不可能 , 但不可能精确地留下两倍的指纹印象 。
xiong yumei , deputy director of beijing tourism administration , said , " the booking rate in all starrated hotels in beijing in july increased one percent from may . "	北京旅游管理局副主任谢梅说: " 今年7月北京各家星级酒店的订票率增加了5月份的一% 。 "
colombia's carbon emissions are relatively low because of plentiful river systems feed enough hydropower generators to supply some 70% of electricity needs . 10 .	哥伦比亚的碳排放量比较低 , 因为充足的河系饲养足够的水电发电器 , 供应约70%的电力需求 。
d latch and d flipflop circuits using floatinggate mos are designed . in order to introduce the application of d flipflop , we design the register and counter by d flipflops .	设计了采用浮动mos的dlatch和dfliflopp流电路 , 为了介绍dfflop应用 , 设计了注册和对策 。
fed by the 100plus inches of rain per year that fall in olympic national park , evergreen trees rise above the fog that fills this olympic mountain's valley .	在奥林匹克国家公园下降的100英寸的雨量每年降至100英寸 , 曾经绿树上升 , 填满了这座奥林匹克山谷 。
the superantigen fusion protein cell factor is actually a substitute for the antigen in the prior art , has a targeting function and is a new prospective medicament different from the antigen .	超原融合蛋白因子实际上是抗原艺术的替代 , 具有目标功能 , 是抗原不同的新前瞻性介质 。
project management is a carefully planned and organized effort to accomplish a specific onetime effort , for example , construct a building or implement a new computer system .	项目管理是一个精心计划和组织的努力 , 实现一个特定的一次努力 , 例如 , 建立一个建筑或实现新的计算机系统 。
the geological cause of the mixed layer and its distributing characters are defined by spore pollen analysis , scanning electron microscope and c14 isotope test in this paper .	本文采用spore调查、扫描电镜和c14异位测试 , 定义混合层的地质原因及其分布特征 。
the modern people want to understand correctly three big nutrients , these three big nutrient everybody attention , first controls animalism , along with age increase , decreases progressively .	现代人士想理解正确的三大营养物 , 这些三大营养大家注意力 , 首先控制动物主义 , 随着年龄的增加而降低 。
dedication to make friends , and friends , the heart of india , the situation tied up , helping hands , sincere cooperation , mutual benefit and create a better tomorrow !	为了让朋友们 , 朋友们 , 印度的心 , 情景结束 , 帮助手 , 诚挚合作 , 互利 , 明天创造一个更好的 !
china has enlisted pakistani cooperation in quashing potential muslim insurgencies in its farwestern province of xinjiang , bordering pakistan and afghanistan .	中国在新疆、巴基斯坦、边境巴基斯坦和阿富汗西部地区穆斯林叛乱中加强了巴基斯坦合作 。
soft start valves are used to throttle the gas flow in roughing lines . they prevent turbulences in piping and containers , particulate contamination in vacuum installations .	软启动阀用于冲击粗糙线的气流 , 防止管道和容器的涡流 , 尤其是真空安装中的污染 。
food intolerance can also be used to describe a much less welldefined collection of symptoms that some people suffer from on consuming certain foods for which no clear basis is known .	食物不容也可以用来描述一个较少的定义的症状 , 有些人在消费的某些食物中受到某些食物 , 没有清晰的基础上不清楚的食物 。
the boiling point rise of dilute solution in physical chemistry seems to contradict with vapor distillation in experiment of organic chemistry . actually , they are of different principles .	物理化学中稀释溶液的沸点上升似乎与蒸汽蒸馏在有机化学实验中具有不同的原理相矛盾 。
the deck erection gantry is a specialized equipment for erection of suspension bridge deck segments , it has mainly two forms of winch type and hydraulic lifting type .	锁闸门是悬挂桥段切割的专业设备 , 主要有两种优化型和液压升降型 。
on july 21 , 2005 , premier wen jiabao of the state council met in the great of the people with guyana's prime minister samuel hinds who is paying a working visit to china .	2005年7月21日 , 国务院总理温家宝会见到了贵安亚总理萨缪尔后面 , 他们正在访问中国 。
chapter iii should be natural and the reality of conflict , analyzed and discussed the people's jury selection , training , legal empowerment and supervision of several elements .	第二章应当是自然和冲突现实 , 分析和探讨人民陪审选、培训、法律实施和监督 。
on the basis of this , the paper divides the whole chapter into nine sections , with each section divided into three parts of " original text " , " textual research " , and " interpretations " .	本文根据这一点 , 分为九部分 , 分为 " 原文 " 、 " 文本研究 " 、 " 解释 " 三部分 。
secondly , the scheme scanning exterior environment and the scheme evaluating quantitatively exterior environment of institutes' transformation with efe matrix method are discussed ;	其次 , 讨论了以efe矩阵法的变换定量外部环境及其方案评价方案 。
jobs become scarcer and the wallace children begin to realize that their father is a violent monster who daily terrorizes their mother and refuses to feed his children .	工作变得聪明 , 沃尔兰孩子开始认识到他们的父亲是一个暴力怪物 , 每天恐惧他们的母亲 , 拒绝喂他的孩子 。
the second chapter is a detailed explication on the techniques in image creation , effects of special language structures , and formalism in textual arrangement in classical chinese poetry .	第二章对中国古典诗歌中特殊语言结构的形象创造、影响及其形式主义进行了详细的阐述 。
thirdly , based on theoretical hypotheses of collective identity , the paper classifies the theories of european identity into two perspectives: primordialism and constructivism .	第三 , 根据集体身份理论假设 , 将欧洲身份的理论分为两个方面:原始主义和建构主义 。
the influential factors of noise for dimethyl ether engine are studied and analyzed through experiments by using method of combustion noise and effective solutions for noise reduction are found out .	利用燃烧噪声和有效解决方法研究了二甲醚发动机噪声的影响因素 。
skyrocketing food prices have increased attention to the larger challenge of overcoming hunger and malnutrition , the “forgotten” u . n . millennium development goal .	超过饥饿和营养的更大挑战 , 美国千年发展目标 。
he had been stranded since saturday evening , when he and his 67yearold uncle got into trouble during a hunting expedition and the ice floe on which he was standing broke away .	自周六晚上以来 , 他和67岁的叔叔在狩猎过程中遇到了麻烦 , 还有他站起来的冰流 。
many kinds of hormone are involved in the regulation of uterine action by autocrine or paracrine fashion , such as oxytocin , prostaglandins and endothelin et al .	许多激素涉及自动分泌或帕克里恩时尚调控子宫行动 , 如氧协议、前列腺素和内皮素等 。
while pastis had depicted various crocodiles in the strip as early as february 2004 , these crocs were relatively competent and spoke normal english in a normal typeface .	2004年2月早些时候 , 这些词汇相对竞争力和正常英语 。
if you can't read the data when you have accessed it , the decryption keys are corrupted , or the server rejects it because the vendor is using its own encryption algorithm .	如果您在访问它时不能阅读数据 , 那么解密密钥被腐败 , 或者服务器拒绝它 , 因为供应商使用自己的加密算法 。
he it is who weaves the web of this in evanescent hues of gold and silver , blue and green , and lets peep out through the folds his feet , at whose touch i forget myself .	他是谁穿着金银色、蓝色和绿色的网络 , 让自己忘记自己 。
relying on its favorable conditions of humane resources for tourism , shanxi province is now famous for its compound culture while keen competition among its compounds begins .	山西省人类资源的优越条件 , 目前已知名于其复合文化 , 同时在其化合物的竞争开始 。
adults are usually absent in blyton's books , allowing children to be powerful: travelling and cooking for themselves , visiting magic lands or solving mysteries .	成年人通常不在布里顿的书中 , 允许孩子们强大:旅行和烹饪自己 , 访问魔法的土地或解决神秘 。
a crucial issue for the popularization of high viscous polymer devolatilization process is to develop high efficiency mass transfer apparatus with improved surface renewal rate .	高粘聚合物偏振过程的普及问题是开发高效质量传输装置 , 提高了表面再生速率 。
this group teaching program had a positive effect on heart attack patients not only for improving knowledge but lowering the degree of uncertainty and depression throughout the disease course .	本组教学项目对心脏攻击患者不仅为提高知识 , 而且在疾病过程中降低了不确定性和抑郁程度 。
results the recovery and total effective rates were 93 . 3% and 62 . 2% for group of hypertonic saline , and significantly higher than those of ns plus oral prednisone group .	结果超子盐组复苏总有效率为93.3% , 62.2% , 高子盐组均有显著高于ns加口服前列酮组 。
the game of bingo is an ongong american custom that is encouraged by civic groups , and is condoned by the church as well , in exchange for the needed income the game provides .	bingo的游戏是一个强大的美国风俗 , 鼓励民间团体的鼓励 , 并且由教会所提供的需要收入提供的交换 。
box 12: gross weight in kilos should be shown here . other units of measurement e . g . volume or number of items which would indicate exact quantities may be used when customary .	盒12:kilos中的gros体重应该在这里显示 , 其他测量单位 , 或者在定义时可以使用的项目 。
crossing over the highway , away from the shenzhen international airport , the port only a dozen kilometers away from guangzhou new baiyun international airport , one hour full speed .	跨越高速公路 , 远离深圳国际机场 , 港口仅离广州新白云国际机场 , 一小时完全速度 。
with the built of marketing economy system , the rapid development of national economy and enhancement of human living standards , medicine and healthcare industries have been developed rapidly .	随着市场经济体制的发展 , 国民经济的迅速发展和人类生活标准、医药和医疗保健产业已迅速发展 。
the second floor of the pavilion will be transparent . the pavilion will symbolize the imagination and creativity of hong kong people , said ng hon wing , director of the pavilion .	香港人民的想象和创造力将是透明的 。
sarge explained why he picked me: “a player can have great skills , but his talent won’t mean much if he doesn’t apply himself and get the job done , ” he said .	他说: " 球员可以有很好的技能 , 但他不会用自己 , 如果他不适应工作 , 那么他就不会意味着 。 "
chapter 1 mainly introduces the current export situation of chinese textiles and apparel , especially the new problems arising from the soaring volumes and slumping export prices .	第一章主要介绍了中国纺织服装的出口情况 , 尤其是从音量和出口价格的新问题 。
different specifications for heating glassware , but i guarantee the quality of drying , heating system and below the nozzle position , the inclination should be able to easily adjust .	不同的加热玻璃件 , 但我保证干燥、加热系统的质量 , 低于喷嘴位置 , 应该容易调整 。
such different sources as the native americans , rudolph steiner and our friends at findhorn have influenced our learning of the appropriate harmonic role in relation to the earth .	这种不同的来源是当地美国人、俄罗德尔夫斯坦诺和我们的朋友对地球的合适和谐作用有影响 。
the 23 existing couplets belonging to the mansion house best manifest zhang's wit and humor , his political ambition , attitude and his attachment to hometown and relatives .	23个存在的夫妻属于管理家最好的张智慧和幽默 , 他的政治雄心、态度和他的亲属 。
whereas turks tend to be warm and extrovert , your average georgian seems much more selfcontained and reserved – not entirely dissimilar to your average briton , really .	尽管土耳其倾向于温暖和外向 , 你的平均格鲁吉亚似乎比你平均英国更自我包含和储备更多 。
displaying its spectrum of shades in an attempt to attract the attention of the less vibrant brown spiders , the creature reveals hues of orange , yellow , green and blue .	展示了它的影像 , 吸引着少振动棕色蜘蛛的注意力 , 生物显示了橙色、黄色、绿色和蓝色的黄色 。
" i'm not going to go up against guillem if his best investigative report says there is a deal in place playertoclub i believe that , what i think is shameless is calderon , " said hunter .	亨特说: " 如果他最好的调查报告说 , 我相信 , 我认为无形的是卡尔登 。 "
they see their province as teeming with resources ? fish , forests , minerals and now oil ? that outsiders have profited from , sometimes unfairly , leaving only crumbs behind .	他们看到他们的省作为资源 , 鱼 , 森林 , 矿物和石油呢 ? 有时候 , 只留下了蟹 。
some schools have already started separating the sexes for some lessons and say it has eliminated the " peacock effect " of boys showing off and provided a more equal distribution of teacher time .	一些学校已经开始分离一些教训的性别 , 并且说它消除了男孩的 " 和平效应 " , 并且提供了更多的老师时间分布 。
in retrospect , kafka was a noble attempt to adapt the complexity of kafka's work to the movies , and it hinted at soderbergh's genre experiments to come .	在回顾方面 , kafka是一种新颖的尝试 , 适应kafka的工作复杂性 , 并且在索德伯格的广告实验中隐藏着 。
after world war i , henry ford and general motors' alfred sloan moved world manufacture from centuries of craft production led by european firms into the age of mass production .	世界大战后 , 亨利福特和普通电机的福雷斯隆从世纪的工艺生产领导到大众生产年龄 。
professor popkin says american schools also need to improve their nutrition . for example , schools may have vending machellones that offer what many people would consider junk food .	比如 , 波京教授说 , 美国学校也需要改善营养 。 例如 , 学校可以提供许多人会考虑垃圾食品 。
but wga west president patric verrone told the more than 3 , 000 writers in attendance saturday night that the strike would end only after they voted to approve the contract .	然而 , wga西总统帕特里克·弗朗星期六晚上说 , 只有在投票批准合同之后才能结束300多名作家 。
amoi is a wellknown domestic mobile phone manufacturing enterprise . because of a8 , a " will dancing " mobile phone , amoi earned much money in 2002 and 2003 .	amoi是一家著名的国内移动手机制造企业 , 因为a8 , amoi将跳舞 " 手机 " , 2002年和2003年赚得了很多钱 。
while this may sound inefficient , remember that in most observer situations , each component has a small number of listeners , and insertions and removal are greatly outnumbered by traversals .	虽然这听起来有效 , 但记得在大多数观察器情况下 , 每个组件都有一个小的听众 , 插入和删除大大多数 。
the belief possesses three characteristics such as the abundant mazu temples , rich poems in praise of mazu and its close relation with the activities of fujian businessmen .	信念具有丰富的马祖寺、丰富的诗歌与福建商人活动密切的关系 。
the website says: " this silicon small sex dolls is our unique design on market in 2016 , sex dolls with hot japanese pure girl , female real sex doll robot for man . "	网站说: " 这款硅小型性能美元是我们在2016年市场独特的设计 , 性爱的日本纯洁女孩 , 女性真正的性爱机器人 。 "
jobs , pi: as time marched on , the moustache made a comeback rumours that he was going to ditch silicon valley for the san fernando valley proved unfounded .	乔布斯:随着时间3月3日 , 穆斯塔奇就开始了一个回归的谣言 , 他将为圣弗南多山谷发掘硅谷的证据证明 。
he lost out but we reckon that , given he got to hang on for lots more films instead of wearing a turban and then getting done in by an 11 yearold , he's probably over it now .	他失去了 , 但我们回答说 , 由于他要挂上很多电影 , 而不要穿一座城市 , 然后在11岁的时候 , 他可能已经过去了 。
more than 90% of employees in selfgoverning firms , and twothirds in the informedacquiescence category , agreed that " good ideas are readily adopted by my company " .	自治公司的员工超过90% , 以及我公司的三分之二 , 同意 " 良好的想法 " 准备采用 。
article 102 after placing the subject matter in escrow , the obligor shall timely notify the obligee or his heir or guardian , except where the obligee cannot be located .	第十二条第十二条规定主体事件后 , 义务人应当随时通知对象或他的头发或卫生人 , 除非对象不能被定位 。
more earnings from s&p 500 companies and a steady stream of toptier economic indicators will give investors more evidence of the economy's health throughout the week .	从标准普尔500家公司和高层经济指标的稳定流动将给投资者更多的证据显示在整个星期内的经济健康 。
the fractal parameters of pore structure are estimated based on the capillary pressure data before and after waterflooding to investigate the effect of waterflooding on variation of pore structure .	基于毛细压数据和水流后水流量对孔结构变化的影响 , 估计孔结构的分形参数 。
methods we observed effects of antiarrhythmic agents and synchronized cardioversion treatment of atrial fibrillation in 19 patients with preexcitation syndrome .	方法观察19例急性综合征患者心肌纤维同步治疗的效果 。
conclusion both the nickel titanium patella fixation and the adjustable patella fracture reduce device have the satisfactory effect for treatment of patella fracture .	结论镍钛板固定与可调性帕特拉骨折降低装置具有良好的疗效 。
established in 2006 , shenzhen siemax cables technology co . , ltd , is one of the leading suppliers for the " structured communications solutions " in china .	2006年 , 深圳西马克电缆技术有限公司是我国 " 结构通信解决方案 " 的领先供应商之一 。
professionally producing transmission belt , oil seal , mould rubber parts , silicon hose , tensioner for passenger cars , light and heavy duty vehicles .	专业生产传输带 , 油密封 , 橡胶零件 , 硅钩 , 紧张客车 , 轻型和重型职责车 。
this private residence , located in the dongcheng district of beijing , is a traditional " siheyuan " type of residence where the courtyard is the center of the house .	这座私人住宅位于北京东城区 , 是一个传统的 " 西川 " 住宅类型的传统住宅中心 。
the color male money of these dress composed , female money is bold and unrestrained , but the figure that having same heavy and complicated , artistic touch is dyeinthewood .	这些衣服的颜色男性金钱 , 女性金钱不受限制 , 但有相同重量复杂 , 艺术触摸是染色的 。
telecommunications technology co . , ltd . shenzhen peng is a research and development , production , sales and service into a professional led screen manufacturer of digital control information .	深圳鹏是一家研发、生产、销售、服务的专业led屏幕制造商 。
depict the influence on the plant cellular , caused by the added high electrostatic field , by the bimolecular lipid membranes , and deduce the micro principles .	通过双分子脂膜对植物细胞的影响 , 将增加高静电场 , 导致植物细胞的影响 , 降低微原理 。
it turns out that the knapsacks were brighter than the polo shirts . the thread color that looked good on the knapsacks was too dark to read on the shirts .	结果表明 , knapsacksack比polo衬衫更明亮 , 线程色彩看上去像knapsacksacks太黑了 。
article 19 1 the adjusted net capital amount of futures commission merchants shall not be less than 6 percent of the total amount of customer margin account .	第九十一条未来委员会资本额调整的净资本额不应低于客户边缘总额的6% 。
by the determination of multistyle elastic silk of single or double layer , it shows that the elasticity of the prepared fabrics can all reach medium or low levels .	通过测定单层或双层的多层弹性丝的测定 , 表明 , 制备的织物的弹性能可以达到媒体或低水平 。
the mechanism , structure features of dynamic wave wet scrubber are briefly presented , and its applications in sulfuric acid and compound fertilizer productions are exemplified .	简要介绍了动波湿锈胶的机理、结构特点 , 并阐述了其在硫酸和复合肥料生产中的应用 。
but despite efforts to step up enforcement , including suspending production last month at a number of battery factories , the government's response remains faltering .	不过 , 尽管政府的反应仍然不断改变 。
on the basis of analysis , the qingdao port group's overall development strategy is developed . finally , a number of recommendations to enhance the competitiveness of the group are presented .	针对青岛港口集团整体开发战略的分析 , 提出了提高群体竞争力的建议 。
in addition , on the aspect of the sziit supervisor's observation on class performance , the teaching contents are totally different , and the experimental classes' performances are more active .	此外 , 在sziit监督者对类性能的观察方面 , 教学内容完全不同 , 实验类的性能更活跃 。
ten days later , during the 36th week of gestation , word arrived that a baby had died during or shortly after birth and the parents had agreed to donate the infant's heart .	十天后 , 在第三个星期 , 一个婴儿在出生之后死亡 , 父母同意捐赠婴儿的心脏 。
chief introduction of the company jingu eastro handicraft limited company is a professional enterprise specializing in the production of handicrafts with fully minor ethnic group features .	公司的首席介绍是一家专业生产工艺专业化的小型民族特色的专业企业 。
there is no need to maintain session affinity at the plugin router level , as session affinities will be taken care of by the odrs when the requests are forwarded on to the application servers .	插件路由级没有需要维持会话融合性 , 因为在应用程序服务器的请求时 , 会话融合性将被odrs所带来的关注 。
following an investigation into the possibilities of materials including recycled glass , stucco and marble , the architects settled on stone as the best option .	通过对包括回收玻璃、ucco和大理的可能性进行调查 , 建筑师将石作为最佳选项 。
yu'ebao , china's most popular internet fund , is an investment service jointly offered by alipay , china's leading online payments provider , and tianhong asset management .	中国最受欢迎的互联网基金 , 是一家投资服务联合支付 , 中国在线支付提供商和天虹资产管理的投资服务 。
underwater gps positioning system includes four parts which are gps differential reference station , gps buoy subsystem , underwater pinger , shipbased data processing and control center .	水下gps定位系统包括四个部分gps微分参考站、gpsbuy子系统、水下平台、船舶数据处理和控制中心 。
" i think luxehomes' content is very comprehensive . i particularly like the stories with forwardlooking angles , " says louis ho , a director of centaline's stately homes .	" 我认为卢克霍姆斯的内容非常全面 , 我特别喜欢前瞻角度的故事 , " 中央国家主任路易斯霍说 。
results:during the procedure of combined liver and kidney harvesting , 1 right renal vein and 2 left renal arteries were injured , 3 renal perfusion were not satisfied .	结果:对结合肝脏和肾收获过程、1右肾静脉和2左肾动脉损伤 , 3肾灌注不满意 。
a source of electricity consisting of a number of alternating disks of two different metals separated by acidmoistened pads , forming primary cells connected in series .	一种由两种不同金属分离的不同金属盘的电源 , 形成了一系列的主要细胞 。
the letter to the hebrews , one letter of john , he rejects the shepherd of hermas , which is a book that we include in a groupings of writing we call the apostolic fathers .	约翰的一封信 , 约翰的一封信 , 他拒绝了赫马斯的牧师 , 这是我们包括一组我们所称的 " 愚蠢的父亲 " 。
in west germany , foreign minister hansdietrich genscher urged moscowto shut all nuclearpower plants similar to the one at chernobyl .	在西德 , 外交部长汉沙特里奇基因scher敦促莫斯科托关闭所有核能源植物相似于切尔诺贝尔 。
various designs of single stage , double stage and multistage or their combination can be customized accordingly for deferent demands of sterilization , insulation and cooling .	根据稳定、绝缘和冷却要求 , 可根据单阶段、双阶段和多阶段的设计定制 。
folders , for example , are a wellknown metaphor for file organization , and they have replaced “directories , ” which were used previously in commandline operating systems .	例如 , 文件组织是一个著名的隐喻 , 它们已经取代了 " 目录 " , 这些用于命令行操作系统 。
phonetics , grammar , vocabulary , listening , speaking , reading and writing skills in this stage , to realize breakthrough , to lay the foundation , a habit .	语法 , 语法 , 词汇 , 听 , 听 , 阅读和写作技能 , 实现突破 , 以实现基础 , 建立习惯 。
the lack of legal foundation of defense counsel in procedure for review of death sentences leads to the obstacles on operation and guarantee of defense of the counsel .	国防部委员会缺乏法律基础 , 导致国防部的运行和保障 。
the results of the experiment indicated that the training system for athletes of speed strength events and groups could lead to a remarkable adaptive change in cardiac shapes and functions .	实验结果表明 , 运动速度事件和组运动员的培训系统可能导致心脏形态和功能显著的自适应变化 。
to resolve the large time jitter error of middlelong range action in uwb fuse systems , a novel time system base on crystal frequency division has been proposed .	为了解决uwb融合系统中长范围行为的大时间jitter错误 , 提出了一种基于晶频分割的新型时间系统 。
big accounting firms are offering similar increases , according to j . patrick gorman , founder of ifind group , a new yorkbased cpa recruiting firm .	纽约的cpa招聘公司的创始人j.帕特里克·戈尔曼说 , 大型会计企业正在增加类似的增加 。
in a study involving 2 , 604 residents of hisayama , japan , the researchers examined the association between serum cholesterol level and incidence of gastric cancer .	在一项研究中 , 研究人员考察了血清胆固醇水平与胃癌发生的关系 。
methods 37 cases who had taken relative exploring sign underwent cholangiography before choledochotomy , and the negative patients would not take choledochus exploration .	方法37例胆道切除术前相对探索标志的37例 , 消极病人不会采取胆道探索 。
i have been fortunate to work with hitachi for over 25years starting with delivery of the transilift to hitachi port in 1984 and i am looking forward to the continuation of our relationship .	1984年 , 我一直很幸运和hitachi合作 , 与hitachi港口交付25年以来 , 我期待我们的关系继续发展 。
tentatively , this study introduced simple and economical dynamic cone penetrometer and impact soil tester for facilitating the investigation of subgrade and upgrading its quality .	本研究介绍了简单、经济动态混凝土试验仪和冲击土试验仪 , 促进亚级调查 , 提高其质量 。
aim using the variance matrix of estimated error , positional accuracy can be compared with different mixing together data , it has put forward a kind of basis for system location to select data .	目的利用估计误差的变化矩阵 , 可以比较不同混合数据的位置精度 , 提出了一种基于系统位置的方法 。
lccs have benefited from increasing price sensitivity of consumers and business travellers and lower oil prices that have flowed from the global economic malaise .	lccs的价格敏感性增加了消费者和商业旅游者的价格敏感性 , 降低了全球经济疟疾的石油价格 。
these groups are especially vulnerable because they often experience extended survival during which neurocognitive complications of therapy may cause more impairment than the tumor itself .	这些群体尤其是脆弱 , 因为它们经常经验扩展了治疗神经认知并发症时 , 可能比肿瘤本身造成更多的损害 。
the simulation experiment shows that the parallel processing method obtains sub linear speedup , and the requirement for real time identification of internal model online is basically satisfied .	仿真实验表明 , 平行处理方法获得子线性速度 , 基本满足了内部模型的实时识别要求 。
the measles initiative is a collaborative effort of who , unicef , the american red cross , the united states centers for disease control and prevention , and the united nations foundation .	这个措施是谁、联合国、美国红十字、美国疾病控制中心和防治联合国基金会的合作努力 。
the paper focuses on the emerging social historical grounds of new realism novels and discusses how the writers direct the contemporary literature development and cognitive strategies .	本文着重讨论了新现实主义小说的新兴社会历史背景 , 并探讨了当代文学发展和认知策略 。
thirdly , it exposes the corruption of fedual government , which derives from niu xiu " s advanced political thoughts and rough official career . "	第三 , 阐述了美联政府的腐败 , 来自niu " 先进政治思想和粗糙官方职业 。
companies and enterprises should also pay attention to the mental health of employees and help them relieve pressure through lectures and psychological counseling , wu suggested .	吴建议 , 公司和企业也应注重员工心理健康 , 帮助他们通过讲座和心理咨询来减轻压力 。
through the analysis on phenomenon of big tree into city and the status quo of scenic forest in city , the necessity and urgency of scenic forest protection were expounded .	通过对城市景观森林现象的分析 , 阐述了景观森林保护的必要性和紧迫性 。
adhesive , disintegrating agent and enteric garment to put on weight , with the release of reduced glutathione degree as the optimum prescription of entericcoated .	粘结剂、消毒剂和进口服装 , 随着降低葡萄糖离子度的释放 , 降低了进口涂料的最佳配方 。
the attitude of magnetic foliation , which clearly suggests the emplacement of the magma in different tectonic units , is consistent with rock shapes and distribution of rock units .	磁泡的态度明显提示了不同构造单元的磁性气泡 , 与岩单元的岩形状和分布一致 。
actually dao yin didn't also want to good want to sell , he just wanted to see if they can make any repercussions , dao yin renhui won't inherit his judge the proposal .	实际上 , 戴宁不想卖好 , 他只想看看他们是否能做任何修复 , 戴宁仁惠不会继承法官 。
spoon into the prepared muffin tin , filling each cup twothirds full . bake in the preheated 190c/375f oven for 2025 minutes , or until golden brown .	2025分钟 , 将每一杯两分之二的杯全面填入 , 预热190c/375炉炉 , 或者直到金棕色 。
besides , great importance was attached to the building of teaching and learning atmosphere . ten regulations made by the founder zhiyi ensured good teaching atmosphere .	除此之外 , 大气附属于教学和学习氛围的建设 , 创始人zhiyi保证了良好教学氛围的十项规定 。
this article discusses a serious of problems exposed during the actual operation and application of the internal heat coke oven , analyses the reason and puts forward improvement schemes .	本文讨论了内热炉在实际运行过程中暴露的问题 , 分析了内热炉的原因 , 并提出了改进方案 。
objective to investigate the relationship between gliosis , synaptic reorganization and the mechanism of chronic temporal lobe epilepsy induced by kainic acid .	目的探讨结合酸诱导慢性颞叶癫痫的关系及其机制 。
to some extent , it is more practical to explain the process of determination by using signal detection theory than holding the ideal hypothesis of regarding the judge as reasonable .	对于某些程度来说 , 利用信号检测理论来解释法官理想假设的过程 。
it is pointed out that , in the case of having radial flexible mechanism , the wear between anti rotation mechanism and scroll wrap exhibits synchronism and self compensation .	指出了辐射柔性机制 , 抗旋转机制与滚包表现同步和自补偿之间的磨损 。
numerical analysis illustrates that the improved genetic algorithm designing is successful in solving highdimension , multiconstrains , and nonlinear uc problem .	数值分析表明 , 改进的遗传算法在解决高维、多元应变和非线性uc问题中成功 。
the bank manager and other relevant bank personnels should be charged of breach of duty for causing the loss of 17 , 000 yuans . so why aren't they charged ?	银行经理和其他相关银行人员应该负责呼吸责任造成17 , 000元失去的责任 , 所以为什么他们不负责 ?
as a signal molecule , h2o2 derived from polyamine oxidation mediates cell death , the hypersensitive response and the expression of defence genes .	作为一种信号分子 , h2o2从多胺氧化介质中产生的h2o2 , 高敏反应和防御基因的表达 。
the offshore oil industry is built with high risks and investment intensified . improper use of operating fluids during development stage may cause reservoir damages .	高风险和投资强化 , 开发阶段运行流体的不当使用可能导致储层损害 。
the united states , he argues , needs to partner with iran and turkey to create a " powerful triangle " whose activities would promote a culture of democracy and combat extremism .	他说 , 美国需要与伊朗和土耳其合作 , 创造一个 " 强大的三角 " 的活动将促进民主和战争极端主义的文化 。
this was hard to swallow for tunisians proud of the once exemplary educational system nurtured by their first president , habib bourguiba , whom ben ali ousted in 1987 .	1987年 , 哈比伯伯伯里古巴的首席教育体系培养的突尼斯人非常自豪 。
this is not to inhibit full and free expression: this is not to lose spontaneity ; authenticity , and the important sincerity we communicate simultaneously .	这不能抑制全自由表达:这不会失去自我性 ; 认证性和我们同时沟通的重要真诚性 。
she goes on , " we're electrical engineers , and we really needed more help from ocean engineers , but to get them we needed more funding , and to get more funding we needed to show some success . "	她继续说: " 我们是电工程师 , 我们真的需要更多的帮助海洋工程师的帮助 , 但我们需要更多的资金 , 获得更多的成功 。 "
“we can put your mom’s picture and her jewelry box right here on top , ”michele said , and kristen felt so lucky to have a family who loved her and wanted to make her happy .	米切尔说: " 我们可以把你的妈的照片和她的珠宝盒放在这里 。 "
instead , he thinks yoga helps keep people more in tune with their bodies and eating habits and aware of bad habits , such as eating because of stress , boredom or depression .	相反 , 他认为瑜伽帮助人们更多地用自己的身体和吃习惯和意识到坏习惯 , 比如吃压力、混沌或抑郁等 。
volunteers who worked in rooms lit by a lamp with an incandescent light bulb instead of overhead fluorescents solved problems requiring novel thinking more successfully .	在室里工作的志愿者 , 灯光灯的灯泡取代了过头荧光的问题 , 更成功地解决了小说思考的问题 。
five loud blasts were reported at gaddafi's bab alaziziya compound , where he had made an address on tuesday night and which had been first attacked on sunday night .	星期二晚上 , 卡扎菲的婴儿阿拉齐亚化合物报道了五个大声爆炸 , 他已经在星期二袭击了一场地址 。
with a certain assumption , we conclude that the relationship between price level , quantity produced and cost parameter is same at both extreme levels of risk avoidance .	通过一定的假设 , 结论价格水平、价格与成本参数的关系与风险避免的极端水平相同 。
the material balance equation for gas reservoir has been used to determine reserves and ogip of gas reservoir , judge its driving type and predict its production performance .	采用气藏材料平衡方程 , 确定气藏的储量和ogip , 判断其驱动类型 , 并预测其生产性能 。
wan hui see tang sugar home happy , tang li and tian xin see tang sugar after come back home , it suggested that put home decorate the home to also can spacious points , everyone to move to villa .	万慧看到唐糖家快乐、唐李和天新看到唐糖回家后 , 建议把家装饰装修也可以太空 , 每个人都搬到维拉 。
the trend in the prosperity of new year films shows that it results from the close relationship between the social and cultural accumulation and the psychological sublimation to the films .	新年电影的繁荣趋势显示 , 从社会和文化积累的密切关系和心理沉降到电影 。
this program focuses on helping mathematical teachers construct conceptual maps of the development of children's mathematical cognition through education practices and coresearching .	本项目主要通过教育实践和核心搜索来构建儿童数学认知发展概念地图 。
theaverage of t/es during the whole stages was about 2 . 06 . the maximum of it appeared in flag stage was about 78 , and its minimum appeared in winter was close to zero .	整个阶段的t/e平均值约为2.06 , 旗阶段的最大值出现在约78年 , 冬季最低出现 。
huoshan industrial economy which is called huoshan phenomenon by those who study economy had a sharp rise in this years , though it was a poverty county of national level .	湖山工业经济称为胡山现象 , 今年的研究经济增长了严重 , 虽然这是一个国家水平的贫困县 。
that's because the new u . s . military strategy no longer focuses on going after enemy fighters in the mountains , but on winning over afghans in the cities and villages .	这是因为新美国军事战略不再集中在山区敌人战斗之后 , 但在城市和村庄中赢得了阿富汗 。
in fact , foreign volunteers would like to deliver extemporaneously though they got prepared . and local teachers thought foreigners acted as trainer just for fun .	事实上 , 外国志愿者希望能尽管他们得到准备 , 但当地老师认为外国人只是为了有趣的培训人员 。
vacationer accomodations are a nearby solarpowered hostel , with gardens and wild chickens . but by far , the highlight of the trip is the chance to see the grampians .	假设者配偶是一个附近的太阳能旅馆 , 花园和野鸡 , 但目前为止 , 旅行的高度是看到草坪人 。
analyzing the function of firingoil tax , the paper discusses the influence of the coming firingoil tax in logistics industry and gives out the relevant countermeasures .	分析了火油税的功能 , 论述了物流产业未来火油税的影响 , 并提出了相应的对策 。
as ken tucker wrote at the time: ''finally , in his greatest moments of grief and fury , he showed us the most vulnerable , despairing side of the man of action . ''	随着肯·杜克尔写道: " 最后 , 在他最伟大的悲伤和愤怒时刻 , 他向我们展示了最脆弱的一面行动的人 。 "
handsome but also because of the floating children , had to rise in confidence , remembering their home made of silk and lu lin to discuss business , can open a silk line .	还有由于浮动孩子 , 必须自信上升 , 记得他们家由丝绸和卢琳讨论业务 , 才能开一丝绸线 。
adding leafy greens to a dish is an easy way to add color , flavor and nutrients , writes martha rose shulman in this week's recipes for health .	添加叶绿是一种易于添加颜色、风味和营养物的方法 , 在本周的健康方式下 , 马瑟拉·舒尔曼写道 。
from how to conduct yourself as an employee to what's considered competition , it's likely that you'll see something formalized about how the company views social media and your participation in it .	从如何把自己作为一个员工作为一个被认为是竞争的员工 , 你可能会看到公司的观点是如何形式化的 , 社会媒体和参与 。
the forest is fragrant , damp , and resonant . someone’s distant voice , someone’s protracted call or response reverberates marvelously in the far distant thickets .	森林是分裂、阻尼和谐振的 , 有人远处的声音 , 有人在远距离厚度的反应下 , 或反应 。
mr . jobs , who was treated for pancreatic cancer five years ago , went on medical leave in midjanuary to receive a liver transplant after exhibiting noticeable weight loss .	乔布斯先生在五年前曾经治疗胰腺癌的治疗 , 在一月中旬 , 医学留下了肝移植 , 以便在展示可注意的重量损失之后接受肝移植 。
this method improves the estimating precision of the point spread function . wiener filter is fabricated for recovering the defocused image based on the defocused point spread function .	该方法改进了点传播函数的估计精度 , 建立了基于注意点传播函数的重点图像 。
actually , each chapter and each caption formed the integral framework that knowledge of whole horse sagacious nods , this frame basically is build by fundamental rise .	实际上 , 每个章节和每个节点都形成了整匹马的整体框架 , 这些框架基本上升 。
on this basis , it raises a query optimization model for oql by introducing some query theories of rdb into the query process of oodb , and gives its implement strategy .	在此基础上 , 通过引入一些rdb查询过程的查询理论 , 提出了一个查询优化模型 , 并给出了其实现策略 。
the men with a genetic tendency toward lower bdnf levels seemed to lose their ability to perform complicated tasks at almost double the rate of the men without the variation .	低bdnf水平的男性似乎失去了复杂的任务 , 几乎没有变化的男性几乎双倍 。
it is because they are afraid that theprivate employer will cutdown onjobs and many people , especially those whoare used to getting their wageswithout doing any work will lose their jobs .	这是因为他们担心私人雇主将削减对职业和许多人 , 尤其是那些曾经得到工资的那些人会失去工作 。
similarly indicative of this seachange in government policy , the chinese government has announced it will to ban shops from giving away free plastic shopping bags , effective from june 2008 .	2008年6月 , 中国政府宣布禁止自由塑料购物袋 , 禁止购物袋 , 禁止购物袋 。
studying representation method of fusee and small spindle part of the caseandknowledgebased , the described method of objected oriented of geometry feature and process feature information is built .	建立了基于病例的小脊柱部分的研究表征方法 , 建立了几何特征和过程特征信息的对象定向方法 。
last year , venturecapital firms invested $3 . 5 billion in u . s . alternativeenergy companies , while they invested only $330 million in chinese companies , ms . guzy said .	古泽说 , 去年 , 风险资本公司投资35亿美元 , 而在中国公司投资只有33000万美元 。
a component of the hals design is the spraycool multiplatform enclosure which enables the electronics to be located near the radar currently mounted on the front of the black hawk .	hals设计的一个组件是喷雾多平台封装 , 它可以使电子设置在黑鹰前部的雷达电流附近 。
it is representing the hope of tea person , representing china tea industry will more flourishing , the tea course of study of the motherland is sure to have more brilliant than former days tomorrow !	它代表着茶人希望 , 代表中国茶业将更加繁荣 , 母亲茶课程的研究肯定比以前的日子更明显 。
an environmentallyfriendly antirusting coatings has been prepared , based on non toxic calcium phosphite as dominant antirust pigment and phosphates as auxiliary antirust pigment .	制备了一种具有毒性的抗腐蚀性的抗腐蚀涂料 , 基于非毒性磷酸钙作为主要的抗腐蚀剂和磷酸盐 。
according to the terrain and topographical features , the sandy land in beijing mainly were divided into three types that are mountain ground , the transition zone from hill to plain and plain .	根据地形和地形特征 , 北京沙地主要分为三种类型 , 山地转移区和平原三种 。
the paper also presents the optimization principle of seismic features and the seismic feature optimization method based on gene tic algorithm in porosity prediction with cusi network .	提出了基于基因算法的地震特征优化原理和地震特征优化方法 。
when older adults cannot do the recommended amounts of physical activity due to health conditions , they should be as physically active as their abilities and conditions allow .	由于健康状况 , 老年人不能做出推荐的物理活动 , 因此它们应该是物理活动和条件 。
lukacs exposed universal problems of verdinglichung and alienation in capitalist society from commodity and proved importance of its overall category from the opposite side .	卢克斯在资本主义社会中暴露了普遍存在的问题 , 从商品上证明了其整体范畴的重要性 。
fractal dimensions of the 200 biggest intercity bus hubs from 2000 to 2004 were 1 . 4862 to 1 . 5118 , and that is consistent with fractal dimensions of chinese urban system sizes .	从2000年至2004年最大的城市公共汽车的分形维度为1.4862 , 至1.518 , 这与中国城市体系的分形尺寸一致 。
this paper tries to explore the phenomenon with the concepts of absolute poverty and relative poverty , and to elaborate this issue with a historical comparison of chinese and british society .	本文试图探讨绝对贫困和相对贫困的概念 , 探讨中英社会的历史比较 。
by the foundation of 2110 safety management mode , the basis of petrochina company limited safety management has become more strengthened and petrochina has achieved remarkable safety performances .	通过2110安全管理模式的基础 , 石油公司有限的安全管理已经成为更加强化和石油安全性能的基础 。
then based on the characteristic of reversible counter , fourvalued d flipflop was used as the core component to design fourvalued synchronous reversible counter which has reset function .	然后应用四值dfliflop作为设计四值同步反馈对策的核心组件 。
the court found ms deng guilty of causing injury with intent but freed her without a sentence on the grounds that a " mood disorder " absolved her of criminal responsibility .	法院发现 , 邓警方引起伤害 , 但她没有一句 " 情绪障碍 " 的句子解决了她的刑事责任 。
in addition to representing individuals who have been injured as a result of negligent medical treatment , we also represent the victims of health care fraud and hmo disputes .	除了被伤害的个体外 , 我们也代表了健康护理诈骗和hmo争议的受害者 。
objective: to investigate the feasibility and potential roles of targetcontrolled propofol infusion in combination with enflurane inhalation in the oral and maxillofacial surgery .	目的:探讨目标控制解决方案融合在口腔和颌面手术中的可行性和潜在作用 。
the major findings of this research were listed as follows: the elementary school special education teachers in kaohsiung and pingtung areas were willing to use technology integration ;	本研究的主要研究成果列为以下:高中小学专业教师和平东地区 , 愿意使用技术集成 ;
rob patz , kristen stewart and the rest of the gang are already filming the third movie in the twilight series eclipse in canada . eclipse is due out in may 2010 .	2010年5月 , 加拿大的第三部电影已经拍摄了第三部电影 。
article 16 the state science and technology commission shall , jointly with other departments concerned , inspect at regular intervals the new and high technology industries development zones .	第十六条国家科技委员会应与其他部门关注 , 经常间隔新技术产业开发区联合检查 。
the influences of managerial culture on employee's work motivations are regarded widely , but there isn't an exercisable framework on relations between culture and work motivations till now .	经营文化对员工工作动机的影响广泛 , 但目前还没有一个可行的框架对文化动机的关系 。
it is tough work for the multinational crew of 30 in this roughandready little boat , prettified below deck with posters of orangutans and sunflowers painted in the toilets .	在这个粗糙的小船中 , 30名多国级船员的工作很艰难 , 下面有橘子和太阳花在厕所绘画 。
gold has weakened its link to other commodities this year , managing to rise strongly in the first half while oil and copper slipped . this reflects its increasing value as a currency play .	黄金今年将其与其他商品的联系减弱 , 在石油和铜上升 , 这反映了货币的增加值 。
they're breaking out of the conventional life pattern go to school , fall in love , get married , buy a house , have babies...instead , they've skipped some steps and added others .	他们从传统生活模式中断 , 去学校 , 结婚 , 买一间房子...相反 , 他们已经滑了一些步骤 , 加上其他人 。
chained data structure keep hitset by its llength . it does not need to create ancestor nodes , so it can reduce the saving of none hitset and the room of matching the patterns .	链接的数据结构保持了它的打击 , 它不需要创建祖先节点 , 因此它可以减少无人打击和匹配模式的节省 。
once you're in proper position you need to relax your drawingside arm muscles . remember that this is easiest when your drawwrist is kept straight and forearm muscles are relaxed .	一旦你在适当的位置 , 你需要放松你的绘画侧臂肌肉 。 记住 , 当你的绘画手腕保持直臂和前臂肌肉时 , 这很容易 。
separately , toyota said monday it has expanded a u . s . service campaign for leaking oil hoses to cover 934 , 000 vehicles with sixcylinder engines .	丰田周一表示 , 它已经扩大了美国的一项服务活动 , 为了泄漏石油站覆盖934 , 000辆车辆六缸发动机 。
but it it requires that i pull out a book to understand more of the topic , or exchange numerous emails with the sender to figure out more details about the problem , i simply do not have the time .	但是 , 我要求一本书来理解更多的话题 , 或者与发送者交换许多电子邮件 , 要求更详细的解决问题 , 我只是没有时间 。
in the current issue of natural history , yale professor frank a . beach tells how lower primates can learn to love money ; some even turn into subhuman capitalists .	在当前的自然历史问题中 , yale教授弗兰克·a.海滩告诉了如何更低的原始能学到爱金 ; 有些甚至变成亚uman资本主义者 。
getting independent news from north korea is extremely rare but china correspondent damian grammaticas has travelled to the border to meet north koreans who have recently escaped .	朝鲜的独立消息非常罕见 , 但中国相应的大坝语法学家已经旅行到了最近逃离北韩的边境 。
therefore , in order to ensure to fairly deal with cases of arbitration , national arbitration legislation and civil legislation , all have the system of judicial supervision of arbitral awards .	因此 , 为了确保与仲裁案件、国家仲裁立法和民事立法相关 , 都具有司法监督制度 。
his father , alois , is thought to have been the illegitimate offspring of a maid and a 19yearold jewish man . this would have made the man who inspired the holocaust onequarter jewish .	他的父亲阿洛伊斯认为这是一个女性和一个19岁的犹太人 , 这将使得那些激励全球一分之一犹太人 。
rights groups say government troops killed at least 41 civilians tuesday throughout syria , including 20 in an assault on the central protest hub of helfaya .	权利组织周二表示 , 政府部队死亡至少41名民事人 , 其中包括在半亚中部抗议厅的20名 。
a local official tells the newspaper that in response to demand , the oneday tour will include a visit to beichuan high school , where students were buried in the rubble .	当地官员告诉报纸 , 要求回应的报纸 , 一天的旅行将包括访问北川高中 , 在那里学生被埋藏在垃圾中 。
as luck would have it , there happens to be a woman out there named belle with a heart big enough to share with unfortunatelooking people such as the beast , and she's not too bad to look at either .	就像幸运一样 , 就会有一个女人 , 那里有一个叫做 " 钟 " 的女人 , 有足够大的分享 , 比如野兽 , 她也不太糟糕 。
if only the xmx setting is used , 25% of the xmx value is used for the maximum nursery size , and the size of the nursery is permitted to grow and shrink within that 25% .	如果使用xmx设置 , 25%的xmx值用于最大护理尺寸 , 护士尺寸可以在那25%内增长和缩短 。
the other is a conflict that america did not seek ; one in which we are joined by 42 other countries including norway in an effort to defend ourselves and all nations from further attacks .	另一方面是一个冲突 , 美国并没有寻求 ; 我们是由42个国家加入的 , 包括挪威在努力保护自己和所有国家进一步攻击 。
one dollar store had not open yet , so i went into no frills . its dish detergent was expensive , so i picked up two cups of yogurt and told the cashier gave me some quarters .	一家美元商店还没有开放 , 所以我没有进入冰箱里 , 它的菜单降低了 , 所以我拿起了两杯瑜伽 , 告诉我一些季度 。
in the framework of this request , cen and cenelec will develop one or several horizontal standard containing generic requirements applicable to various types of energyrelated products .	在本请求的框架下 , cen和cenelec将开发一个或几个水平标准包含各种类型的能量相关产品 。
the method is divided into two working procedures when in the lighting wheel integrated processing , i . e . , the surface cut is a former procedure and the extrusion processing is a latter procedure .	该方法分为光轮集成加工过程、表面切割是一个前程序 , 挤出加工是后程序 。
blake said that on june 2 there will be both privatesector and government meetings , including the u . s . india business council , which will be holding its 35th annual meeting .	布莱克说 , 在6月2日 , 将有私人部门和政府会议 , 包括印度商务委员会 , 这将持有35年会议 。
telemarketers will not be permitted to call any of the numbers on the national donotcall list , unless they already have an existing business relationship with the consumer or individual .	除非他们已经与消费者或个人有现有的商业关系 , 否则电话市场不允许电话名单上的任何数字 。
brazil's drought is limited to isolated areas ; with the exception of rio grande do sul and parana , where irreversible damage appears to be widespread throughout the state .	巴西的干旱有限于孤立区域 ; 除了里奥·格兰德和巴拉那之外 , 在那里不可逆的破坏似乎是广泛的 。
an even more hazardous device , popular in america , was the instantaneous light boxa bottle filled with sulphuric acid into which splints treated with chemicals were dipped .	一个更危险的装置 , 流行在美国 , 是用硫酸填充的瞬时光盒瓶 。
and in the dream she was told by a lady by the name of nice virtures accomplished that some tibetans could also see the contents of the website in the lake just as through a computer monitor screen .	在梦中 , 她被一名女士告诉女士 , 通过计算机监视屏幕 , 实现一些藏人也可以看到在湖边的网站内容 。
tacit knowledge is the highly individual knowledge that has accumulated a wealth of experience and can't make a systematic exposition , that is , can be sensed , but not explained in words .	战术知识是积累体验丰富的个人知识 , 无法制造一个系统的暴露 , 这是可以感觉的 , 但不能解释的词 。
this type of scenario usually occurs when clevel executives who want to drive business and it change across the enterprise provide proactive sponsorship to aid their strategic agendas .	这种类型的场景通常发生在希望驱动业务的clevel执行官时 , 它将会改变企业提供积极的赞助代理 。
utilising wild country's 'extended eps system' – the 360 offers market leading front , side and rear impact protection , making it one of the safest helmets available .	利用野生国家的 " 扩展eps系统 " -360提供市场前沿、侧面和后冲击保护 , 使它成为最安全的头盔之一 。
beijing ya wen sheng ya painting art sales center was founded in 1995 , hall established the world's largest artist communitiesbeijing songzhuang artist village .	1995年建立了北京最大的艺术家宋庄艺术家村 。
membership in oaspa is open to both scholar publishers and professional publishing organizations , including university presses and for profit and nonprofit organizations .	澳大利亚学出版社和专业出版社 , 包括大学出版社和非营利组织 。
these specialists know how to operate the diagnostic and treatment equipment used in that particular branch of medicine , but they are also trained in emergency intervention techniques such as cpr .	这些专家知道如何运行诊断和治疗设备 , 尤其是医药的分支 , 但他们也在紧急干预技术中培训 。
the waterfire tube boiler with threestructure assembling is a new idea of dzl type hot water boilers . twostep series inject technology is applied in this type boiler recently .	三种结构组装水火管锅炉是一种新颖的dzl型热水锅炉 , 最近在本类锅炉中应用两步喷射技术 。
six months later , donations allow a bridge to be built between the two mountains and wawa finally gets to walk to school , wearing the boots his sister wanted to give to him .	六个月后 , 捐款允许两座山之间建立桥梁 , 终于走到学校 , 穿着靴子想给他 。
the cold spell in the northwestern cupped both the invasion and retain a subtropical air temperature and humidity , is a typical north to the warm temperate subtropical climate transition .	西北地区的冷喷都被侵入和保持亚热带空气温度和湿度 , 是一种典型的北热带气候变化 。
it is studied further that the dissolubility of the bismuthous sulfide in the solutions of the nonoxidative strong acid through the experiment by means of chemical thermodynamics .	进一步研究了化学热力学解决非氧化强酸的溶解性 。
this paper analyses the reason , harm and forming process distortion of the rotor winding on the end of turbogenerators with various kinds in frequent cyclic operation and suggests preventive measure .	本文分析了不同类型的涡轮发电机末端转子绕动器的损害、损害和形成过程变化 , 提出了防止措施 。
mcdonald's spokeswoman told the wall street journal last week the company couldn't rule out the possibility of replacing osi as a supplier over the long term .	mcdonald的发言人上周告诉华尔街日报 , 该公司不能规定更换osi的可能性 。
as a rule , the trend will turn up in the middle of the third week and close higher at the end of the third week , the stock only moving 3 weeks against the main trend .	作为一项规则 , 第三周中期的趋势将升至第三周 , 第三周末 , 股市只移动3周的主要趋势 。
cla shows a remarkable anticancer effect and offers other nutritional benefits . this paper discusses cla's multiple physiological multifunctionality and its pathogenesis .	阐述了一种显著的抗癌作用及其它营养效果 , 探讨了cla的多生理多功能及其病理生成 。
japan's osaka sangyo university released an official apology on june 10 because one employee called the confucius institute a cultural intelligence agency .	日本奥斯卡大学于6月10日发布了正式的道歉 , 因为一名员工称孔子学院一个文化智能机构 。
the first stirrings of a backlash have already been felt about the socalled " olympic lanes " that will whisk 18 , 000 athletes and officials around the capital during the games .	在比赛期间 , 第一场 " 奥运巷 " 的第一场搅拌已经感觉到了所谓的 " 奥林匹克巷 " 的 " 运动员和官员 。
there was very significant difference in bacteria number between group i and group ii . the efficacy of cleaning hand with xiaodulin was obviously superior to that of washing hand with suds .	小岛清洗手效果明显优于洗手效果 。
in a young woman with no physical findings indicating malignancy , the patient should return 3 to 10 days after the next menstruation begins to determine if the lump regresses .	在没有物理发现的年轻女性中 , 患者应该返回3 ~ 10天后 , 开始确定肺回归 。
comprehensive randomized controlled spa intervention studies with longer followup periods may be helpful in further delineating the therapeutic efficacy of balneotherapy in as patients .	综合随机控制空间干预研究 , 随访期长期可能有助于进一步探讨balneot治疗的疗效 。
i understand that in all circumstances during the period of my stay in chinaas a volunteer , the sowers action will not be held liable for any issues or incidents arose out of my other capacities .	我明白 , 在我呆在中国的一位志愿者期间 , 解决方案不会对任何问题或事件进行责任 。
one of the most handy menu entries in gnome is the connect to server entry in the places menu . this allows the user to connect to nearly any type of server quickly and easily .	gnome中最简单的菜单属性之一是服务器进入的连接 , 这允许用户连接到任何类型服务器快速和容易 。
at the foot of the mountains , international kindergarten attached to sun yatsen university is situated in a pleasant environment with a good view of fabulous sights .	在山脚 , 国际幼儿园附近太阳雅典大学 , 位于一个愉悦的环境中 , 景观良好 。
conclusions . use of 3 induced sputum samples was more sensitive than use of 3 gastric washings for diagnosis of tuberculosis in patients who could not expectorate spontaneously .	结论:采用3种诱导型痰样品 , 比自发性自发诊断3例胃清洗更敏感 。
his eastern policies mainly focused on alliances with tartars of mongolia , aiming to consolidate its position of power within rus and gain stable status during the fight against the west .	他的东方政策主要集中在蒙古的标志上 , 旨在巩固它在俄罗斯和西方战争中获得稳定的权力位置 。
we took lots of pictures as we drove through texas , new mexico , arizona , california , nevada , utah , colorado , nebraska , and all the way into minnesota .	我们在德克萨斯、新墨西哥、加利福尼亚、内瓦达、科罗拉多、内布拉斯加等方面采取了很多图片 。
but it reflects the fact that , like past world’s fairs , the shanghai expo is intended mainly to impress a domestic audience – well over 90 percent of visitors come from the host country .	但是 , 就像过去世界公平一样 , 上海博览会主要是印象国内观众 , 超过90%的访问者来自主国 。
on the day of the marathon i started well , but after half marathon i developed muscle cramps on both legs which caused me to fall on the tarmac , which caused my right knee to be badly bruised .	在马拉松的日子里 , 我开始很好 , 但在半个马拉松之后 , 我开发了肌肉裂纹 , 导致我下降到塔姆卡 , 这导致了我的右膝损坏 。
two israelis , shai pollicker , a medical engineer , and dr . edy soffer , a prominent gastroenterologist , joined a seattlebased engineering team to help with the design .	以色列两位 , 陕波利克博士 , 医学工程师 , 埃迪·索夫斯博士 , 一个突出的气象学家 , 加入一个基于satle的工程团队来帮助设计 。
phoebe looks out the window dubiously . “this reminds me of that movie where the family in an rv pulls into a little town and the mutants come out at night and eat them . ”	菲比看着窗户 , " 这意味着我想起那部电影里的那个家庭在一个小镇里拉进了一个小镇 , 夜晚就吃了 。 "
based on the implementation of a strategy aimed at technological innovation , china should step up exploration and development in order to secure more reserves and to reduce exposure to oil imports .	根据技术创新的实施 , 我国应逐步探索和发展 , 以保障油进口的储备 , 降低油进口的暴露 。
witnesses and security camera video of the gunmen built a portrait of them as young men dressed in jeans and trendy tshirts , bearing rucksacks and guns .	目击者和安全相机视频的枪手建立了一个肖像 , 因为年轻人穿着牛仔裤和潮湿衬衫 , 轴承橡胶和枪 。
one generalpurpose eigenvalue routine , a singleshift complex qz algorithm not in linpack or eispack , was developed for all complex and generalized eigenvalue problems .	针对所有复杂的生成值问题 , 提出了一种单移复杂的qz算法 。
in the recent years , researchers have made their studies of european work satisfaction from its relation with work agreement , worktime , marriage and family status , gender and age , and work autonomy .	近年来 , 研究人员对欧洲工作满意度、工作时间、婚姻状况、性别和工作自治关系进行了研究 。
wellheeled shoppers and alfresco diners keep the place busy until late , and if you are looking for a memorable meal or a browse through some of shanghai's more fashionable shops , this is the place .	酒店和alfresco餐厅 , 直到晚些时尚店 , 如果你正在寻找一个可记忆的饭或者浏览上海更多的时尚店 , 这是一个地方 。
in order to improve the production efficiency of the clothing manufacturing industry , it must combine the body measure , pattern design and clothing making of traditional clothing production .	为了提高服装制造业的生产效率 , 必须结合传统服装生产模式、模式设计和服装制作 。
the related expenses incurred for the transfer of technology will not be qualified as tax deduction items unless the corresponding contract is approved by the relevant authorities .	除非相关机构批准合同之外 , 技术转移的相关费用不会作为税收减税项 。
currently the mixing proportion of shieldmortar usually use orthogonal test , the shortcomings of which lie in the need of lots of experiments and inevitable much waste of time and money .	目前盾牌混合比通常使用正交测试 , 其中存在很多实验和不可避免的浪费需求 。
among sugarsweetened beverages , cutting out just 1 serving daily was associated with a weight loss of 1 . 1 pounds at 6 months and 1 . 4 pounds at 18 months .	在糖尿饮料中 , 每天只有1磅的每天减肥1磅 , 在6个月和1.4磅 。
china has very serious disaster of frozen and permafrost , therefore , effective and longterm monitor of frozen and permafrost is significant to provide reference information for potential disaster .	因此 , 我国冻结和冻结的严重灾害 , 冻结长期监测和冻结长期监测对潜在灾害提供参考信息 。
the biological features of lycopene , such as molecular structure , metabolism , tissue distribution and its anti cancer function and possible mechanism are reviewed .	综述了分子结构、代谢、组织分布及其抗癌功能及可能机制 。
results: the direct manifestations included bile duct truncation in 9 cases , irregular eccentrical or endocentric narrow in 9 cases , and irregular filling defect in 1 case .	结果:9例无规则中心或内心狭窄 , 非规则填充缺陷 , 1例无规则填充缺陷 。
editra allows you to navigate menus without mousing with its menu mnemonics , automatically checks for updates during startup and allows you to set preferred fonts in your preferences .	编辑器允许您在启动期间没有按摩它的菜单mnemonics , 自动检查更新并允许您设置优先的字体 。
the simulated high head with large vertical velocity of gravitycurrent , the large velocity of underrun and the dense isentropes in the front are closely consistent with those observed .	模拟了重力电流大垂直速度 , 运行的大速度和前面的密度分布符合这些观察 。
proponents of gm foods argue using biotechnology in the production of food products has many benefits: it speeds up the process of breeding plants and animals with desired characteristics ;	利用生物技术对食品产品的生产有很多好处:快速繁殖植物的过程和动物的特点 ;
called up for military service , mr . marokvia spent the war as an illustrator for the wehrmacht , applying brush and pencil in ukraine , italy , finland and yugoslavia .	马克维亚先生把战争称作乌克兰、意大利、芬兰和欧索拉维亚的一个插图者 。
the stronger one must drive out the devil with beelzebub , as the saying goes , to present a dose of countermagic in order to neutralize and overcome that which supports established rule .	更强的一定要驱动魔鬼 , 随着魔鬼说 , 为了中性化和克服那些支持的规则 。
it follows that there is an absolute artistic criterion which means that the unique feelings of every individual is empathized by every other individual through images that can't be duplicated .	随着艺术标准 , 有一个绝对的艺术标准 , 意味着每个人的独特感觉都是通过图像不能复制的 。
iran said the worm was used to attack computers at its bushehr nuclear reactor . there has been widespread speculation that stuxnet actually damaged the plant , something iran denies .	伊朗说 , 这些虫子被用来攻击电脑 , 它的核反应堆 , 已经有广泛的预测 , 实际上已经破坏了该植物 , 一些伊朗否认 。
compared with chaos shift keying , mdcsk has an advantage that multilevel digital signals can be encrypted , by using multiscroll encryption parameters .	与混沌转换密钥相比 , mdcsk具有多级数字信号可以加密的优点 , 使用多滚加密参数 。
this paper explores key issues related to innovation in libraries including the nature , the barriers , and the nays to adopt and implement innovative strategies successfully .	本文探讨了有关图书馆创新的关键问题 , 包括自然、障碍 , 以及成功采用和实现创新策略 。
the code from hsqldbutil . runscripttool was refactored to create a method named launch , which gets the project , main class name and commandline arguments as method parameters .	由hsqldbutil.runscriptool创建一个名为启动的方法 , 它获得了项目、主要类名称和命令行参数 。
russia's twotime olympic pole vault champion and world record holder yelena isinbayeva announced early sunday she is to take an indefinite break from the sport .	俄罗斯的两次奥运极管冠军和世界记录的伊丽娜·艾斯巴娃宣布 , 她是从运动中采取一定的破裂 。
trade secrets law can be regarded as the interests distribution and juristic selections and integration between public interests of the society and the monopoly interests of trade secrets owners .	贸易秘密法可以视为社会利益分配和法律选择与共同利益与贸易秘密的垄断利益 。
taliban fighters appear to have been prepared to blow up large numbers of people in order to assassinate a single target , such as a highranking government official or police chief .	塔利班战斗机似乎已经准备吹大量的人为了减少一个目标 , 例如高级政府官员或警察首席 。
soft x ray microscopy is a microimaging technique using soft x ray as illuminative source . it fills the gap between optical and electron microscopy .	软x射线显微镜是一种利用软x射线作为光源的微成像技术 , 它填充光学和电镜之间的差距 。
weifang threepower group co . , ltd . is a high and new technology manufacturer , which professionally manufacture tobacco extracts , solanesol and nicotine two big series .	公司是一家高新技术制造商 , 专业制造烟草提取、索拉内斯醇和尼古丁两大系列 。
in order to improve the correct rate of eye locating , an algorithm for the refinement of face boundaries and a multilevel eye detection scheme are included in this method .	为了提高眼睛定位的正确率 , 提出了一种面边界的精制算法和多级眼睛检测方案 。
abstract : objective oral mucosa irritation and subcutaneous implantation tests were launched to study the histocompatibility of microarc oxidized zrcualag bulk metallic glass .	摘要:建立目标口腔粘膜灌溉试验 , 探讨微粒氧化zrg型金属玻璃的组织兼容性 。
former arsenal midfielder gilberto has tipped denilson , his successor in the heart of the gunners' midfield , to receive a callup from the brazil national team .	前阿森纳中场吉尔伯托已经提醒了丹尼尔逊 , 他在枪手中场的继任者 , 接到巴西国家队的一场比赛 。
among the few c . i . a . officials who knew thedetails of the detention and interrogation program , there was a tense debateabout where to draw the line in terms of treatment .	在一些c.i.a官员知道拘留和审查项目详细的详细信息中 , 有一个紧张的辩论bout , 在处理条件下绘制线 。
the opening titles inform us that in 1860 , after the collapse of the tokugawa dynasty , samurai were left unemployed and wandered the countryside in search of work .	1860年 , 开放的名字告诉我们 , 在东京的崩溃之后 , 萨姆拉里离开了失业 , 并在寻找工作中带走了国家 。
i feel much gratitude and deeply indebted to the grand master for his vision , devotion , dana , and diligence to bring buddhism to the u . s . a . and to all sentient beings .	我感到很感激 , 深深深地对他的视觉、偏见、dana和勤奋带来了佛教 , 并且对所有的句子都有一定的意义 。
simon ellson , a security expert for antivirus computer firm norton , emphasised that it's crucial to change passwords frequently and avoid repetitions in them .	西蒙·埃尔森是抗病毒电脑公司诺顿的安全专家 , 强调 , 改变密码频繁 , 避免重复 。
through experimental measurements , the surface treatment of steel smoke is only 0 . 008 relative reflectance , absorption device can be used as ideal inside coating material .	通过实验测量 , 钢烟的表面处理只是0.008相对反射 , 吸收装置可作为理想内涂料 。
jing literary school's imagery is a special flay phenomenon in the stage of china traditional culfure's changing into modem culture , and it has a special aesthetic value .	京文学院的形象是我国传统自我变成现代文化阶段的特殊扁现象 , 具有特殊的美学价值 。
the feudal provincial system is the original creation of han wudi on the basis of the successful experiences of the systems for supervision and control of the officials in qin and han dynasties .	封建省制是汉武迪的原始创造 , 是在秦汉汉代官员监督和控制的基础上 , 成功的经验 。
after the meeting , another blogger , zhou shuguang , shared his impressions: 'it shows that the u . s . government and beijing have totally different ways of working . in the u . s .	在会议之后 , 周水广共享他的印象:美国政府和北京必须完全不同的工作方式 。
to promote the applications of ferrites in those areas , it is necessary to synthesize monodisperse superparamagnetic nanostructured ferrites particles with high saturation magnetization .	为了提高铁石在这些领域的应用 , 需要合成高饱和磁化的单体超磁纳米粒子 。
methods examine the 34 patients with ultrasonic b and the mirror for anterior chamber angle , then extractive the foreign body in the anterior chamber angle under the eye speculum .	方法对34例超声波b和前室角的镜子进行检查 , 然后在眼镜下提取外室角 。
malaysian prime minister abdullah badawi is facing calls for his resignation , after his ruling coalition lost critical ground to opposition parties in general elections .	马来西亚总理阿卜杜拉巴达维正面临辞职的呼吁 , 统治联盟失去了一般选举中反对党的关键地点 。
in the movie before the rain , the photographer who has gone through the difficulties of war in bosniaherzogovina utters nonsense as he throws away the film which won him an award .	在电影之前 , 波斯尼亚佐戈维纳的战争困难的摄影师 , 因为他把这部电影扔掉了他奖的电影 。
in this paper , the structureactivity relationships and pharmacological properties of the resveratrol derivatives as a potent chemopreventive agent are reviewed and discussed .	综述了转化剂的结构活性与药理性能 。
article 399 agent's obligation to follow instruction ; deviation from instruction the agent shall handle the entrusted affair in accordance with the instruction of the principal .	第三十九条代理人遵循指令的义务 ; 指令的偏差应当根据原则指令处理信任事务 。
since then , our bilateral relations have made remarkable achievements thanks to efforts of both sides . the two countries have had frequent contacts at the top and other levels .	自从那以来 , 我们的双边关系对双边关系产生了显著的成就 , 感谢双方的努力 , 两国在顶部和其他水平上有频繁的联系 。
in recent years , radix puerariae powder , whose comprehensive value in use has been improved gradually became significant officinal and raw material for industry production .	近年来 , 拉迪克普拉里亚粉 , 应用价值逐步提高了工业生产的正式和原材料 。
the enlistment of a citizen eligible for enlistment may be deferred if he is the only worker in his family providing its means of substance or if he is a student in a fulltime school .	如果他是家庭唯一的工人提供物质 , 或者他是一个全职学校的学生 。
as a result , the thick of branches has great effect on youg trees . it has direct relation with its survival rate , growing conditions as well as commercial rate of young fig trees .	结果 , 分枝厚度对青年树的影响很大 , 与其生存率、生长条件和年轻图树的商业率有直接关系 。
this study described the quantitative simulation of exciting conduction velocity affection on cardiac rhythm with three dimensions realistic torsoheart geometry models .	本文介绍了激励导速度对心脏节奏心肌节奏的定量仿真方法 , 三维实际扭心几何模型 。
two kinds of typical clonal growth architectures , guerilla and phalanx in potaninia mongolica maxim . , which are regarded as the best material in researching clone population .	两种典型的克隆生长架构 , 古拉和法兰克斯 , 作为研究克隆人口的最佳材料 。
libeskind is the master planner behind the redevelopment of new york's world trade center site , which is expected to face years of delays and significant cost overruns .	利比斯金是纽约世界贸易中心开发的主要规划者 , 预计面对延迟和重要成本超越运行 。
the glass free ampoule is comprised of a onepiece molded polyethylene or polypropylene unit that remains intact and sealed until activated by the user .	玻璃自由假设由一个pi成型聚乙烯或聚丙烯单元组成 , 直到用户激活到激活 。
aiming at the problems in chinese medicine education at that time , " the letter from five wellknown scholars " was an effort to keep the principal part nature of chinese medicine education .	针对当时中国医学教育的问题 , " 五名著名学者 " 的信是保持中医教育的主要部份性的努力 。
joel and rachel hoffman , who had been working for the charity mennonite central committee in the country for four months , suffered minor injuries in the earthquake .	约瑟尔和霍夫曼在四个月内工作的慈善男性中心委员会 , 遭受了少数伤害 。
compared with that of the world , china's incidence of tooth decay is not high among students of primary and secondary schools . more prominent however , is the lack of its timely treatment .	与世界相比 , 中国的牙齿衰退的发生并不高于初级和二级学校的学生 , 更显著的是缺乏时间治疗 。
the u . s . population has been growing about 1 percent yearly since 1950 , and nearly 40 percent of that growth is due to foreignborn individuals coming into the united states .	自1950年以来 , 美国人口增长了1% , 近40% , 由于外国人口进入美国 。
noneuro countries highlighted the damage the european crisis was already doing to their economies and underlined the urgent need for action by the 17nation single currency area .	没有欧洲危机的损害已经显示 , 17个国民币区的紧急需求 。
apparent nitrogen digestibility exhibits quadratic curve relationship with dietary ip levels and the highest n digestibility occurs in 18 . 07% ip diet .	18.07%的ip饮食中 , 显著的氮消化程度与饮食ip水平的二次曲线关系和n消化程度最高 。
" in addition , gillian also revealed that during the visit , at all shooting off in many films , most enjoy are " beyond our ken " , she even had the film was nominated for best actress golden .	另外 , 吉利安还揭示了在访问期间 , 在很多电影中 , 大多数喜欢 " 超过我们的肯尼 " , 她甚至已经提名了最好的女演员黄金 。
rc has always been steadily developing and abided the principle of winwin . in the variational industry and market , they are trying to take on flourishing vigor and a steady ascend .	rc总是稳步发展 , 禁止win的原则 , 在变化行业和市场中 , 他们正在试图采取面积活力和稳定的提升 。
other presidents , notably lincoln , were prepared in emergency circumstances to violate the constitution , as when lincoln suspended habeas corpus at the outset of the civil war ;	其他总统林肯在紧急情况下准备违反宪法 , 就像林肯在民间战争的外部悬挂了哈比亚公司 ;
american said in the u . s . borrow money on life , the car can not sell because the old lady and filled with goose six " economic crisis " is finally the haze has been wiped out .	美国人说 , 在美国借钱的生活中 , 汽车不能卖掉 , 因为老太太太太太太太不能满足6个 " 经济危机 " 最终被破坏了 。
we need to make clear the connection between animal research and a grandmother's hip replacement , a father's bypass operation a baby's vaccinations , and even a pet's shots .	我们需要清楚动物研究与一个祖母的hip替代之间的联系 , 父亲的副手术是婴儿的疫苗 , 甚至是宠物的照片 。
conclusion:the risk factors for graft failure after pk were corneal vascularization , regraft , aphakia or pseudophakia , presence of anterior or posterior synechia .	结论:pk后移植失败的危险因素是冠状血管化、移植、假体或预后同步存在 。
almost everything in this temple of consumption , including its lavish layouts and the celebrities who now most often adorn its covers , 35 ) hinges on stuff for sale .	在这个寺庙里几乎所有的东西 , 包括它的劳夫布局和现在最常常装饰的名人 , 35 ) 按照销售的东西 。
" virtually every part of the industry , from upstream to downstream , is completely indonesian: the farmers , the factory owners and workers , the distributors , the sellers and the market , " he said .	他说: " 事实上 , 从上游到下游的每一部分 , 都是印尼西亚:农民、工厂和工人、销售商、销售商和市场 。 "
milan are not dismantling . until today , aside from others who didn't play much , players like emerson and senderos have left , as well as shevchenko and mattioni who haven't been reclaimed .	米兰在今天不会失望 。 除非那些没有玩得多 , 比如艾默森和桑德罗这样的玩家 , 还有西弗切科和马蒂蒂尼 。
by analyzing cases of landscape architecture design , the meaning of literature rhetoric which is used for reference is illustrated , such as hyperbole , figuration and symbolization .	通过对景观建筑设计的分析 , 阐述了应用于引用的文学流变学的意义 , 如高波、图形和符号化等 。
in order to donate pollen to recipient stigmas efficiently , animalpollinated plants have evolved a variety of floral characteristics . pollen presentation schedule is one of them .	为了有效地捐赠花粉 , 动物污染植物已经进化了各种颜色特征 , 花粉展示规划是其中之一 。
i admit that i was disappointed to read the uefa motivations after they decided to readmit us to the tournament , but i don't believe that we will encounter any additional obstacle for this reason .	我承认 , 在他们决定阅读我们的比赛之后 , 我不相信我们会遇到其他障碍 。
penny hardaway scored 22 points , including the gamewinning shot with three seconds left , as the orlando magic defeated the defending champion houston rockets 9290 .	潘尼·哈德韦分22分 , 包括3秒左右的比赛赢得比赛 , 因为奥兰多的魔法击败了国防冠军霍斯顿火箭9290 。
" people who would otherwise be in cds or ultrasafe assets are taking greater risks , " says martin fridson , global credit strategist , bnp paribas investment partners .	bnp巴黎投资伙伴马丁·弗里森说: " 否则在cds或超安全资产中受到更大的风险 。 "
one of them is land for unused , which will increase the forest coverage rate 4 . 1 percentage points . waterfront , roads , farmland and other green potential between 1 . 919 . 27 percentage points .	其中一点是不寻常的土地 , 将增加森林覆盖率4.1% 。 水面前 , 农田和其他绿色潜力点之间 。
in the case of the novelists , the romantic vision tended to express itself in the form hawthorne called the " romance , " a heightened , emotional , and symbolic form of the novel .	在小说家的情况下 , 浪漫视觉倾向于表达自己称为 " 浪漫浪漫 " 、情感和象征形式 。
" the most successful one was the first that was held in houston , texas in 2005 , during which we received more than us$20 million , " lang recalled , " the number exceeded all our expectations . "	" 最成功的是2005年在德克萨斯州霍斯顿举行的第一次 , 我们收到了2000万美元 , " 兰回忆道 , " 我们的期望超过了我们的期望 。 "
" really , it's nothing now for me to deal with these small injuries like hamstring or groin strains – i can understand them , " the 26yearold told the official matchday programme .	这位26岁的官方比赛节目称: " 真的 , 我不知道这些小伤害 , 比如汉姆弦或格林应变这样的小伤害 。 "
from aix 5 . 2 , setting n to b or higher changes the memory layout — it no longer uses segments d and f for shared libraries and allows them to be used for native storage or mmapping .	从aix5.2设置n到b或更高的内存布局 , 它不再使用段d和f共享库 , 允许它们用于本地存储或m映射 。
but now , if we were to fix upon this one aspect of the counter culture — its mystic tendencies and principled funkiness — we would not be doing justice to the deep ambiguity of the movement .	但如今 , 如果我们要修改这个反对文化的某个方面 , 那么它的神秘倾向和原则的乐趣 , 我们不会对运动深刻的愤怒做出正义 。
the houston metro system has successfully tested the breathe safe system , which uses ultraviolet germicidal irradiation to kill up to 99 percent of certain types of bacteria .	该系统成功地测定呼吸安全系统 , 利用紫外线乳腺辐射杀死9%的某些细菌 。
but although justice souter's dedication and integrity were beyond reproach , his hermetically sealed approach to the job limited his influence on the court and outside of it .	但是 , 虽然法官南方对法庭和外部的影响 , 他的遗传密封方法已经超越了反复 , 但他对法院的影响 。
eat: food rich in this mineral and therefore beneficial for arians to include in their diet are: tomatoes , beans , brown rice , lentils , walnuts , olives and onions .	食物丰富 , 因此 , 亚洲人饮食中有益于:番茄 , 豆 , 棕米 , 柠檬 , 橄榄和洋葱 。
jennifer li , baidu's finance director , said: " baidu , the chinese music fans , recording artists and the record companies will all benefit from this winwin partnership . "	百度的金融董事jenniferli说: " 百度 , 中国音乐扇 , 记录艺术家和记录公司将从这个赢得合作中获益 。 "
for example , long distance telephone lines were expensive to install , and the first company to do so , a . t . &t . , wound up being the only provider of long distance service in the united states .	例如 , 长距离电话线是昂贵的安装 , 第一家公司在美国唯一的长距离服务提供商 。
taking secondary board market as its researching object , the thesis analyzes the catalogs , characteristics and targets of trading mechanisms by means of theoretical and empirical perspectives .	本文以二级板市场为研究对象 , 通过理论和经验角度分析了交易机制的目标、特点和目标 。
patients in the immune clearance and reactivation phases , with elevated alanine aminotransferase and hbv dna levels , are candidates for antiviral therapy .	免疫清除和反应阶段患者 , 高氨基氨基转移酶和hbvdna水平是抗病毒治疗的候选人 。
at present , the little swan in the fourthclass city , second only to sales of haier , accounted for 13% , it is apparent that the company's future performance will be greatly improved .	目前 , 四级城市的小天鹅只占海尔销售量的13% , 显然该公司的未来性能将大大提高 。
the provisions of subparagraphs 1 , 13 and 19 of paragraph 1 need not apply where an issuer has engaged a securities underwriter to publicly underwrite its ordinary corporate bonds .	订阅1 , 1 , 13和19页的订阅不需要在哪里申请发布人 , 以公开编写普通公司债券 。
some things that we have left to do are for example jsp tag library support in gsp , possible support for jpa as a plugin , and improvements to our unit testing infrastructure .	例如 , 我们剩下的一些事情是gsp中的jsp标记库支持 , 可能支持jpa作为插件 , 并对我们的单元测试基础设施进行改进 。
the product which has a rich flavour and buttery texture is traditionally a christmas delicacy in france , though it is eaten more widely in the south of the country throughout the year .	法国拥有丰富的黄油和黄油纹理 , 传统上是法国圣诞节美味 , 虽然在整年南方吃得更广泛 。
again this highlights the importance of decision making , composure and passing ability as the player will need to know when to run with the ball or get rid of it , careful not to be caught on the ball .	再次强调决策的重要性 , 作品和传递能力 , 因为玩家需要知道当球运行时 , 或者骑球时 , 否则不会被捕 。
“sitting close to the television may not make a child nearsighted , but a child may sit close to the television because he or she is nearsighted and undiagnosed , ” she reports .	她报道说: " 坐在电视上可能不会让孩子看见 , 但一个孩子可能坐在电视上 , 因为他或她近视和不诊断的情况下 。 "
in order to cooperate happily , lou sheng promised to help kushima takahira out of baoding sales channels , to help lou sheng longping island boarded the baoding ruling position .	为了合作快乐 , 路沈承诺帮助库希玛·塔卡希拉出售渠道 , 以帮助路沈平长松岛标准地位 。
the last time such a large ice island formed was in 1962 when the ward hunt ice shelf calved an island . smaller pieces of that chunk became lodged between real islands inside nares strait .	最后一次形成的冰岛是1962年 , 沃特·亨特·福尔夫镇定了一个岛屿 , 这块块块块块块块块块的小岛在内部的岛屿之间 。
this article introduces the development and application test of japanese high performance industrial furnaces , such as reheating furnace , heat treatment furnace and smelting furnace etc .	本文介绍了日本高性能工业炉的开发及应用试验 , 如加热炉、热炉等 。
if a college degree from a school you never see sounds strange , then consider this: the ou is considered britain’s largest university with over 200 , 000 students enrolled .	如果一个大学毕业生从你从来没有看到过奇怪的学校 , 那么考虑这个问题:欧盟被认为是英国最大的大学 , 超过2000多名学生 。
they lack experience and practical knowledge about the real world , " said yang xiaosong , ceo of an exclusive golf club , as his staff cast a keen eye over hopeful applicants .	他们缺乏对现实世界的经验和实践知识 , " 首席执行高尔夫俱乐部的首席执行官杨晓雄说 。
and , finally , after years of sanctions by the united states and the international community , a much older but equally combative colonel qaddafi was seemingly rehabilitated by the west .	最后 , 由美国和国际社会制定的多年制裁后 , 同样的殖民卡扎菲似乎被西方重建了 。
conclusion under 37°c and protected from light , the kinetics of no released from snp was significantly influenced by the construction and spatial structure of thiols .	结论在37°c和保护下 , np无释放的动力学对厚度的建筑和空间结构有显著影响 。
all kinds of shortages and regrets of the used motorcycle seatsaddle will be overcome by using " caiyun " special seatcover with the function of solarization and health protection .	采用 " 蔡云 " 特殊座位和健康保护的功能 , 将各种短期和遗憾克服 。
this five essential factor conformity forms a system , the science operation can produce the good teaching results , this science operation also is the new time teaching innovation specific measures .	这五个主要因素组成了一个系统 , 科学操作可以产生良好的教学结果 , 这种科学操作也是新时代教学创新措施 。
after this colossal failure , batch stole the remnants of the forces attached to terror and fled to the outer rim territories in his personal imperialclass star destroyer .	在这个殖民失败之后 , 蝙蝠偷走了附近恐怖 , 逃离了他个人帝国皇家星毁灭者的外边边缘地区 。
from the plm sample , monitor collects the useful information , such as the number of ecr status inquiry transactions in one month , the number of ecrs by status , and so on .	从plm样本中 , 监控收集有用的信息 , 例如在一个月的ecr状态调查事务 , 地位数等 。
and jun han joint chiefs of staff chairman of the incident 49 minutes after receiving the report , when he was defense minister kim tae in 52 minutes after receiving the report .	接受报告后49分钟的事故主席janhan联合国首席执行官jamt在接受该报告后 , 他在52分钟被保护部长kimtae 。
the homebased care team consists of several nurses who jump into a small truck every morning and travel out to the community to tend to the health needs of the truly destitute2 .	基于家庭的护理团队由几个护士组成 , 每天早上跳进小卡车 , 旅行到社区 , 倾向于真正的命运需求 。
the special sprinkling system of the body cleaner realizes the water spray with more than two states , thereby the body cleaning range and the body cleaning degree of the body cleaner are improved .	改进了体干净器的特殊喷水系统 , 使体干净范围和体干净程度提高 。
the scene of their arrival at the airport , with an aircraft landing on the runway and their cages taken out of the plane , was broadcast live on japan's public broadcaster nhk .	在机场上 , 机场上 , 飞机登陆在跑道和他们的城市上 , 广播了日本公共广播电脑nhk 。
her hair , a golden lock of which had escaped , seemed very thick , but was severely concealed beneath an ugly , tight , close , nunlike cap , tied under the chin .	她的头发 , 一个金锁已经逃了 , 似乎很厚 , 但在一个丑陋、紧密、密密、unun像帽子下面的严重隐藏着 。
out of the 150 businesses surveyed , twothirds reported that their groupon promotions were profitable–but the remaining third claimed to have lost money on their groupon experience .	在150家企业调查中 , 三分之一的调查显示他们的团体促进利润虽然仍然有三分之一的声称失去了他们的团体经验 。
andy: yes . but qatar also can wear their silver medals with immense pride , it is really a dark horse , it beat iran in a nailbiting battle in the other semifinal .	安迪:是的 。 但是卡塔尔还可以穿着银牌 , 真是一个黑马 , 它在另一个半决赛中打败伊朗 。
some critics , judging the film by its trailers , accused mr . zhang of giving mr . damon a part that should have gone to an asian actor , a practice known as whitewashing .	一些批评家们指责张先生给亚洲演员戴蒙先生提出的一部分应该去亚洲演员 , 一个叫做白色的实践 。
fortunately , concepts like extreme programming and agile development have made it possible to get a lot of these same benefits without an entire team of people whacking on your code .	幸运的是 , 像极端程序和敏捷开发这样的概念使得很多人在代码上没有一个完整的团队获得相同的效益 。
under the situation that matrix organize , study style organize and nonboundary organize have mushroomed today , our choice ought to be based on the given circumstance and target .	在基于矩阵组织的情况下 , 研究风格组织和非边界组织今天已经蘑菇 , 我们的选择应该是基于特定的环境和目标的 。
the flavoring packet contains many spices , pork rib product and dehydrated spring onion . add some flavoring according to different tastes , the noodles will be delicious and fragrant .	香料包含许多香料、猪肉丝绸产品和脱水的春洋葱 , 根据不同的味道添加一些味道 , 口味会很美味和香味 。
this capricious double standard hurts the feelings of both liberals and the han people , and in addition , rides roughshod over academic conscience and distorts the true face of history .	此外 , 这种自由主义双重的标准伤害了汉族和汉族的感觉 , 同时 , 在学术意识上 , 改变了历史真正的面貌 。
this must never be , never whilst this existence continues ; and when time has enrolled us in the list of the departed , surely this friendship will survive to bear our identity to heaven .	这永远不会是 , 永远不会这样存在 ; 当时 , 当然 , 这个友谊就会保存我们的身份 。
those under 36 love social networking via the mobile and expect to pay for it , however , younger adults expect mobile content—especially music and videos—to be free .	然而 , 那些36岁的移动社交网络的年轻人期待手机内容特别是音乐和视频 。
the input analog signal is sampled at a very high frequency and the difference between two samplings is quantified to get digital signal , i . e . , sigmadelta code .	输入模拟信号是非常高频采样的 , 两个样本之间的差异定量化得到数字信号 , 比如信号 。
for they are a bit like me , i think , without the altered i always have a successful , the personality is the reality , but i like a shadow , let me here , it is really pages of my mistakes ?	因为他们像我一样 , 我想 , 没有改变我总是有一个成功的 , 个性是现实 , 但我喜欢一个阴影 , 让我在这里真的错误吗 ?
after two decades , 95 percent of the elemental mercury on the surface of a filling had gone through a chemical reaction . it became betamercury sulfide , a blackcolored solid .	经过两十年后 , 填充物表面的95%的元汞含量已经通过化学反应 , 变成了硫化物 , 一个黑色固体 。
car parks are located in the basement 1 for 18 park positions and there's an electrical room for emergency diesel generator and electrical devises added to four storages in this floor .	汽车公园位于18个公园位置 , 位于该地板的紧急柴油发电机和电器设备 。
ustream , the live video streaming service that hit the mainstream recently thanks to a litter of shiba inu puppies , just announced watershed , a new whitelabel streaming video service .	mtream , 最近打击主流视频流服务的生活视频流服务 , 只是宣布了一个新的白色标签流视频服务 。
main products:ac socket , circuit breaker , dc jack , digital switch , dip switch , emi filter , fuse holder , hook switch , key switch , micro switch , push swit...	主要产品:socket、电路断路器、dcjack、数字开关、dip开关、fuse滤波器、钩开关、关键开关、微开关等 。
he has more than 10 years experience in digital media production , working with video , still images and sound . he travels extensively , pursuing longterm projects on social and environment issues .	他在数字媒体生产中拥有超过10年的经验 , 工作视频 , 仍然是图像和声音 , 他在社会和环境问题上追求长期的项目 。
its race derived technology based on castrol's racing history and testing experience ensures optimum engine performance giving increased acceleration under the most arduous riding conditions .	基于卡斯特罗的赛跑历史和测试经验 , 确保最佳发动机性能在最艰难的骑行条件下增加加加速度 。
the national average price for unleaded gas now tops the fourdollaragallon mark . the highest average prices are in states like alaska , california , connecticut and washington state .	加州、加利福尼亚州、连通州和华盛顿州的全国平均价格 。
however , because of the small size of nanosystems the ordinary external field must be viewed as strong field . that makes the conductivity formula considering nonlinear response very important .	然而 , 由于纳米系统的小尺寸必须被视为强场 , 这使得非线性响应非常重要 。
conclusion:a20 gene can protect the h2o2injured endothelial cells , and may pl ay a certain role in the prevention and treatment of diseases related to the ischemiareperfusion .	结论:a20基因可以保护h2o2受伤的内皮细胞 , 在预防和治疗缺血再灌注方面可能会有一定的作用 。
a method for the determination of 1 , 4dioxane content in alcohol ether sulphates utilizing headspace gas chromatography is discribed . the factor of head space discussed .	介绍了利用头空气色谱法测定酒精硫酸盐中1 , 4-二氧烷含量的方法 , 讨论了头空气色谱的因素 。
so , dress up a warm romantic new home , a warm and overflowing the marriage bed , naturally become a priority among priorities , the traditional department store is on the bed , is so stir a pond .	因此 , 服装温暖的浪漫新家庭 , 温暖和过度的婚姻床 , 自然成为优先级的一家 , 传统的部门商店在床上 , 所以如此搅拌池塘 。
with the foundation and increase the frequency of atrial pacing was reduced atrioventricular node conduction is based on the frequency filtering effect of other physiological phenomena to explain .	根据其它生理现象的频率滤波 , 减少了室内节点导致的频率 。
if you frequently check with particular collections of rules , you might wish to combine them in your own ruleset file , as shown in listing 2 . this rule set imports the basic , naming , and design rules	如果您经常检查规则的特定集合 , 您可能希望将它们结合在自己的规则文件中 , 如清单2所示 , 这个规则设置进口基本、命名和设计规则 。
a policeman escorts a greenpeace member dressed as a whale during a protest march against the special meeting of the international whaling commission in tokyo february 14 , 2007 .	2007年2月14日 , 一名警方代表了一名绿色太空成员穿着鲸 , 在抗议期间 , 一名警方在东京的特别会议上 。
consolidating the existing foodstuff market could remain long and steady export of foodstuff . using comparative advantage solves the problem of the balance of supply and demand of china's foodstuff .	利用比较优势解决了我国食品供应和需求的平衡问题 。
bridge concrete cracks on the types and causes of railway policy of the provisional construction of high bridge pier cracks in the control and preventive measures were analyzed and summarized .	总结了高桥墩裂缝防治措施及防治措施 。
to prevent and resolve traderights groups , the incident must be expanded citizen participation , reform of the governance structure of the industry , the interests of consensusbuilding mechanism .	为防止贸易者群体 , 必须扩大公民参与 , 改革行业治理结构 , 共识建设机制的利益 。
in addition to the north yin feng all , six absolute being temples , with some strong dwell for rest of high mountain river , the hell exerts drive ten palace gentleman the king divide .	除了北阴凤之外 , 六个绝对是寺庙 , 其他高山河的一些强大的dwell , 地狱驱动了十宫绅士 。
objective to study the microanatomy of trigeminal ganglion region and clinical value of robot casr2 assisted system in percutaneous controlled radiofrequency rhizomy for trigeminal neuralgia .	目的探讨机器人casr2协助系统三叉神经网膜瘤临床价值及临床价值 。
shapes and symmetry . go wild . piece together the sticky lines and watch zany picture puzzles come to life while you learn proportion , matching , scale and symmetry .	形状和对称性 。 金野 。 一起 , 坚持的线条和观看zany图片 , 当你学到比例、匹配、标准和对称时 。
until oil and gas made it rich , beginning in the 1960s , this tiny , scalding , pancakeflat peninsula scarcely boasted a settled population , let alone a town of any size .	直到石油和气使它丰富 , 开始于20世纪60年代 , 这个小型、规模化、胰岛半岛大幅增加了一个集体人口 , 让单独一个城镇 。
another view is that mrs thatcher was , as mr cameron now puts it , a " revolutionary but also a gradualist " , who achieved her aims cautiously , often without advertising them in advance .	另一个观点是 , 卡梅隆先生现在把它放到了 , 一个 " 革命主义 " , 也是一个梯度主义者 , 经常没有广告他们的目标 。
after his retirement in 1991 , he maintained a low profile , despite being garlanded with awards . he is survived by his wife , the highly acclaimed beijing opera singer jiang ying .	在1991年退休后 , 他仍然保持低档档档案 , 尽管加拿大奖励 , 他是由妻子幸存的 , 高度声称北京歌手姜静 。
the figure was even higher for the world's most popular networking site , facebook , where members spent 20 . 5 billion minutes , up 566 percent from 3 . 1 percent the previous year , according to the study .	研究表明 , 世界上最流行的网络网站 , facebook的成员花了205亿分钟 , 从前年的3.1%增加了56% 。
in a particularly vicious critique of socalled smectymnuus , an anonymous anglican opponent attacked not only these six presbyterian ministers but attacked milton as well .	尤其是所谓的sctymnuus , 匿名的anglican对手攻击不仅是这些六名预言部长 , 而且攻击milton 。
for an unknown reason , sometime after his promotion to grand admiral , he was situated in the royal palace of theed on the planet naboo where he assisted in the training of elite imperial pilots .	对于一个未知的原因来说 , 有时候 , 他坐落在星球纳波的皇家宫殿里 , 他在精英帝国飞行员训练中帮助培训 。
banks maintain separate entrances formen and women , starbucks restricts women from its openair balcony and mcdonald's makesmen and women queue separately for its burgers .	银行保持独立的入口形式和女性 , 明星巴克限制了她的开放平衡和麦当劳的女性制造者和女性队列 。
the electron's going to come out of that highest occupied atomic orbital , that one that's the highest in energy , because that's going to be the at least amount of energy it needs to eject something .	电子将出现最高的原子轨道 , 这是能量最高的 , 因为这将是最高的能量 , 因为这将是最少的能量 。
when my love comes and sits by my side , when my body trembles and my eyelids droop , the night darkens , the wind blows out the lamp , and the clouds draw veils over the stars .	当我喜欢的时候 , 坐在我的身边 , 当我身边的时候 , 我的眼睛滴下来 , 夜暗 , 风吹出灯光 , 云从明星上抽下来 。
" i am here to tell you that being bad is , and hopefully will always be , bad for business in google’s search results , " wrote amit singhal , google fellow , in a blog post .	" 我在这里告诉你这是坏的 , 希望谷歌搜索结果的业务总是很糟糕 , " 在博客上 , 谷歌联合会写道 。
shiro nakamura , nissan's chief creative officer , said the studio would “enhance our product competitiveness in china and asia , where the automotive industry continues to see robust growth” .	nisan的首席创意官shironakamura说 , 该研究室将 " 提高我们在中国和亚洲的产品竞争力 , 汽车产业继续看到鲁棒的增长 " 。
when you use this erm , please carefully break open the ampoule at the neck and pipette 10ml from the ampoule into 250 ml volumetric flask and bring to volume by purified water .	当您使用这个rm时 , 请仔细打开颈部和皮特10ml , 从ampoule到250ml体积平板 , 并通过纯化水带来体积 。
" we can no longer see hoards only as piggy banks , " says kevin leahy , an authority on anglosaxon history who was entrusted with the task of cataloging the staffordshire treasure .	" 我们不再能看到皮格林银行的保护 , " 格洛萨克逊历史上的一名权威 , 被信任员工希腊财富的任务 。
by analyzing different hyperon decay processes , we derive the general formula for the decay contributions of heavier hyperons to hyperon production rates and finalstate hyperon polarizations .	通过分析不同的超元衰减过程 , 给出了高碳生产速度和最终极极极化的衰减公式 。
most local anaesthetics used clinically are relatively hydrophobic molecules that gain access to their blocking site on the sodium channel by diffusing into or through the cell membrane .	大多数局部麻醉物通过扩散或透过细胞膜来获得它们的阻塞网站来获得相对水解分子 。
the results of 81 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced concrete beams and 66 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced scc beams are used to determine the coefficients in models .	采用81加固钢纤维加固混凝土梁和66种加固钢纤维加固sc梁的试验结果 , 测定模型中的系数 。
the site also uses a custom version of the open source blogging server apache roller weblogger version 4 . 0 . 0 . 12 , mysqltm database server , and memcached .	网站还使用一个自定义版本开源博客服务器apacherollerweblogger版本4.0.12、mysqltm数据库服务器和mmmmcach 。
the bizarre looking 600m tall building , selfsufficient in water and energy , was thought up by belgian designer vincent callebaut and would be based on roosevelt island in new york .	比萨尔看着600米高的建筑 , 在水和能源中自足 , 被贝吉亚设计师维尼亚·卡尔巴特认为是基于罗斯福岛的 。
" box " still stick gave albumen of this farinaceous collagen to dissolve the appearance in water , it is better to tell everybody this product and yoghurt drink flavour together .	" 盒子 " 仍然坚持这张脸色的胶原专辑来解决水中的出现 , 更好地告诉大家这个产品和瑜伽饮料一起 。
given its effects on nociception and muscle contraction , botulinum appears to be an attractive agent in the prophylaxis against chronic daily headache or tensiontype headache .	鉴定其对慢性日头痛或张力型头痛的前列腺癌的影响 。
if these parenting behaviors were placed on a weight scale sidebyside , what would the results be in determining how you fare in building healthy selfesteem vs . low selfesteem in your children ?	如果这些父母的行为放置在体重规模的侧面 , 那么你的孩子们如何建立健康的vs , 低自尊度 ?
" he said that the time is the biggest problem , the central authorities to the general principle that local governments have tabled specific criteria , and thus the " classification " can not be evaded .	他说: " 时代是最大的问题 , 中央当局对当地政府有表特定标准 , 因此 " 分类 " 不能被证明 。
this falsecolor image above , of the grand canyon , displays the fractal pattern created by the colorado river over millions of years . red indicates areas of vegetation in the image .	上面的大峡谷 , 展示了由科罗拉多河创造的分形图形 , 红色指示植被区域 。
recently unearthed fossils trace whales to a doglike predecessor of hoofed planteaters , and genetic analysis has identified hippos as whales' closest living relatives .	近年来 , 未婚的化石追踪鲸鱼的狗类预防者 , 遗传分析发现鲸类最近生活的亲属性 。
a threedimensional organization chart built from reinforced concrete , where each classroom or workshop occupies a differentiated volume , allows the acronyms to be seen from the entire yard .	一个三维组织图表由加固混凝土构建 , 其中每个教室或工作室占据一个不同的体积 , 允许整个院子看到环境 。
the " philosophical counseling " and " philosophical counseling movement " developed in the late twentieth century are influencing people as an emerging discipline in the age of globalization .	二十世纪末期发展的哲学咨询运动和 " 哲学咨询运动 " 是影响全球化时代新兴纪律 。
compared with available envelopes , the standard envelope makes it possible for people to write post codes in standard number mode and for the post office worker to raise letter sorting efficiency .	与可用的封闭相比 , 标准封闭使人们可以在标准数码模式写邮件编码 , 以及提高邮件工作效率 。
products there are various specifications of water beads , nanyang beads , freshwater pearls , beads , semihole loose beads , 3 / 4 loose pearl beads and finished jewelry .	产品有各种规格的水珠、南阳珠、新鲜水珠、半孔松珠、3/4松珠珠等 。
the architectural spirit is to improve technique , the ecology , efficiency and economy ore foe responsibility and obligation undertaken by architects in architecture designs .	建筑精神是提高建筑设计中的生态、效率和经济矿物资源负责和义务 。
on the basis of mass borehole data , the paper analyzed middle jurassic coalbearing strata distributing features , coalbearing property , coalforming period in the yining basin .	结合大孔数据的基础 , 分析了银盆地中侏罗系煤层分布特征、煤承载性能、成藏期 。
as an example , maximum trajectory optimization was applied on a twostage ballistic missile , and a comparison of original and optimal trajectories was presented with figures and tables .	比较了两阶球导弹的最大轨迹优化 , 并提出了一种基于图像和表的最佳轨迹优化 。
the fundamental reason that this is an open source project , and not a closedsource secret bit of technology , is that we have no interest in being in the business of selling or supporting it .	这是一个开源项目的根本原因 , 并非一个关闭的资源秘密点技术 , 是我们对销售或支持业务没有兴趣 。
some of the species are flooded and vanished during the flood season . only some tall grasses survive with high tolerance of submergence . the dominant species belong to gramineae and cyperaceae .	在洪水季节中 , 有些物种被洪水淹没 , 只有一些高草生存 , 主要物种属于青少年和胞胎 。
and they caught every one his fellow by the head , and thrust his sword in his fellow's side ; so they fell down together: wherefore that place was called helkathhazzurim , which is in gibeon .	于是 , 每个人都被头抓住 , 把剑放在他的同胞的旁边 , 所以他们一起落下来 , 所以这里叫赫尔卡扎里姆 。
we describe a consecutive series of patients with unruptured ias treated by a neurosurgeon initiating a dedicated cerebrovascular practice in the " endovascular era . "	我们描述了一系列未经破坏的ias的神经外科医生引起 " 内血管时代的神经外科手术实践 。
the imbalance of public goods supplied by the government for cities and countryside has already become the deepleveled cause which influences narrowing the gap between urban and rural areas .	由政府和农村地区所提供的公共货物的不平衡已经成为影响城市和农村地区的深层原因 。
pass rightness and side to pass in and out a bottle of cage pusher driven by hydraulic power hydraulic system to carry on analysis and point out original the hydraulic system existence of problem .	通过权利和侧向 , 通过液压液压系统驱动并指出液压液压系统存在的瓶瓶 。
“foreign critics would look at today’s data and argue for stronger yuan gains , ” said ben simpfendorfer , a hong kongbased economist at royal bank of scotland plc .	苏格兰皇家银行的香港经济学家本·辛普德弗说: " 外国批评家们将在今天的数据和争论 。 "
bank of china , for example , says its ratio was a healthy 11 . 6% at the end of september , and that number was lower than those for the other two big four banks whose shares are publicly traded .	例如 , 中国银行在9月底是一个健康的11.6% , 比其他两家大银行更低 。
in this paper , we propose a new algorithm based on subaperture and filtered backprojection algorithm to estimate the anisotropy of objects scattering centers in wideaperture imaging .	本文提出了一种基于亚适应和滤波反投影算法的新算法 , 以估计广泛适应成像中心的对象散射中心的异常区域 。
when i was a child growing up in north dakota , my mother cooked bacon for her five children . when it was done , she pulled the hot strips out of the pan and set them on a paper towel to drain .	当我在达科塔北部的一个孩子时 , 我母亲为她的五个孩子做了烹饪袋 , 她把热条带放在纸巾上 。
constraints between rolling section and surface grade in a plan unit and impacts due to temperature of discharging , finishing milling and coiling are considered in the practice in hot rolling factory .	由于排放温度、完成铣削和覆盖在热轧轧厂的实践中考虑了轧辊段与表面级之间的约束 。
one $9 billion lawsuit asserts that hsbc twice hired kpmg , an accounting firm , to probe mr madoff , but that the bank failed to act when concerns were raised .	一个数十亿美元的法律评估 , hsbc两次雇佣kpmg , 一个会计公司探讨madof先生 , 但当担忧时 , 银行失败行 。
instead of waiting listlessly for news from london or piecing out from his mother's gossip some country tragedy of love and jealousy , here , in a few pages , the whole story was laid before him .	除了在伦敦和他母亲的一些国家悲剧之前 , 外 , 还是在几页里 , 整个故事都在他面前 。
business for o’hara brothers , he had visited augusta , a hundred miles up the savannah river , and he had traveled inland far enough to visit the old towns westward from that city .	奥哈拉兄弟的业务 , 他曾经访问奥斯塔 , 一百英里的沙瓦纳河 , 他已经旅行到了这座城市西部 。
the investigation and identification results to the virus varieties of pepper virus disease in shaanxi showed that cmv , tmv , pvy , tev and bbwv had been found , part of them are mixinfection .	研究结果表明 , 陕西病毒多样病毒、tmv、pv、电视、电视、bbbv病毒的一部分是混合感染 。
lax conditions at the 19th century prison , where one mafia godfather is reported to have celebrated his birthday with champagne and lobster , have earned it the nickname “the grand hotel” .	据报道 , 一位马菲亚神父的出生日与香槟和洛布斯特一起庆祝了他的生日 。
since the execution of " temporary method of administrating security funds " in 1997 . 11 , our security funds had got rapid development , had obtained the excellent result in short time .	自1997.11年 " 行政安全基金 " 的临时方法 , 我国安全基金已经迅速发展 , 得到了较好的结果 。
a town of western india eastnortheast of bombay . founded in1610 it is near the site of a mausoleum erected by aurangzeb in honor of his empress . population 284607 .	印度东东部一城 , 位于布比亚东东部 。 建于1610年 , 位于他皇帝荣誉的一座马索勒市附近 。 人口284607 。
in addition to the main course selection , the pony club offers a selection of tapas which reflect mediterranean and seafood influences such as oysters , salmon and prawn fritters .	除了主要课程选择外 , 汤尼俱乐部还提供了一种反映中海和海鲜影响如奥斯特、萨蒙和普拉文字的tapas选择 。
another witness , yuri , who did not give his last name , told russia’s staterun first channel tv that the shock wave was strong enough to throw him to the floor and blow his hat away .	另一位见证人yuri告诉俄罗斯国营第一通道电视说 , 震浪足以把他扔到地板上 , 吹掉帽子 。
israel says its troops only used their pistols after they were attacked , and released a video showing soldiers in riot gear descending from a helicopter into a crowd of men with sticks and clubs .	以色列表示 , 军队只在攻击之后使用他们的手枪 , 并发布了一个视频显示军队从直升机上升到一个拥挤坚持和俱乐部的人群 。
total 59 japonic rice lines from 9 ecotypes were used as materials in this study , and main quality characters of f1 hybrids of 303 combinations created in a diallel set of cross were analysed .	本文采用9种生态类型的日本稻线总59种 , 分析了f1混合材料的主要质量特征 , 并分析了一套交叉集中产生的303种混合材料 。
ruth freed , an anthropologist who worked in india , found that indian families living in chandigarh modified their apartments by using curtains to separate the men's and women's spaces .	印度工作的一个人类学家ruthfreed发现 , 印度家庭通过使用帘子来修改他们的公寓 。
in addition to the problem of underinvestment , who’s director of mental health and substance abuse , shekhar saxena , says low and middleincome countries have very few mental health professionals .	除了理解问题外 , 除了对心理健康和物质的负责人shekharsaxena说 , 低收入国家有很少精神健康专业人员 。
for example , the question of the relative merits of programming languages often degenerates into a religious war , because so many programmers identify as x programmers or y programmers .	例如 , 编程语言相对合并的问题往会变成宗教战争 , 因为许多程序员确定为x程序员或y程序员 。
a white student posing as a study participant makes a racist comment about a black participant when he briefly leaves the room . the remarks ranges from moderate to extreme racial slurs .	一个白人学生作为研究参与者的评论使得一个黑人参与者的评论 , 他简单地留下房间 , 显示出来自中等极端种族污染 。
conclusion the suture of only superficial subcutaneous fat as well as putting rubber drainages in the abdominal incision is a simple and effective way to prevent lipoliquefaction for obese patients .	结论只有超临床脂肪的性能 , 同时在腹部切割中的橡胶排水是一种简单有效的防止肥胖患者脂质的有效途径 。
conclusion: body temperature change is an important factor that influences oxygen supply and oxygen demand at different npt , but the cerebral imbalance during rewarming time needs special attention .	结论:体温变化是影响不同npt的氧供应和氧需求的重要因素 , 但在需要特殊注意的时候 , 大脑不平衡的重要因素 。
beijing police are expected to intervene in domestic violence as legislators mull an amendment to the law on protection of the rights and interests of women , beijing daily said saturday .	北京日报称 , 北京警方预计将在国内暴力中互动 , 作为法官穆尔将对妇女权利保护和利益的修改 。
the results showed that pentosanase improved obviously dough rheology and the processing technology of soybean dietary fiber biscuit . optimal additional range of pentosanase was determined .	结果表明 , 大豆饮食纤维胆固醇酶明显改善 , 测定了大豆饮食纤维胆固醇的加工技术 。
fitch said greek banks' operations in southeast europe and turkey add revenue diversification , but this comes from more volatile economies , some of which also experienced recessionary pressures .	fitch说 , 希腊银行在东南欧和土耳其增加收入多样化 , 但这来自更挥发的经济 , 一些经济也经历了衰退压力 。
in river tracing , swimming meets rock climbing and orienteering meets outdoor survival . with so many skills in play , an expedition team is only as strong as its individual members .	在河道跟踪中 , 游泳会遇到岩石攀岩和东向会见室外生存 , 玩耍的许多技能只是它的个人成员 。
bilberry is a close relative of the blueberry and is known for its dark purple color . bilberry naturally contains anthocyanosides and helps to support healthy eye function .	bilberry是蓝莓的亲戚 , 被称为黑色的紫色 , 自然包含一种细胞 , 帮助支持健康的眼功能 。
there's no question about it: microsoft has a hit on its hands with windows 7 . even in beta form , the company's new desktop os is garnering accolades from all corners of the blogosphere .	没有问题:微软与windows7相撞 , 即使在beta形式下 , 该公司的新桌面os是从博客界的所有角度收集的 。
tired of canned and predictable answers like " i am a hard worker " and " i am thrilled by the new opportunity to learn " at job interviews ? you should consider asking oddball questions .	在工作采访中 , 我是一个艰难的工作人员 , " 我是由新机会引起的 " 学习 " , 你应该考虑奇怪的问题 。
fengyou 54 , is a new indica hybrid rice combination , developed by taizhou agricultural research academy of zhejian province and linhai seed station of zhejian province .	浙江省辽州农业研究学院是浙江省林海种子站开发的一种新型杂交稻组合 。
we're asking the question , taking s2 as given , what s1 maximizes this expression and as the gentleman at the back said , i'm going to differentiate and then i'm going to set the thing equal to 0 .	我们要求问题 , 以s2为给出 , s1最大化这个表达式和gentleman说 , 我将分化 , 然后我将设置等于0 。
trying to shift gears from his major , yu spent much of his fourth year in college preparing for the entrance exam for a humanresources graduate degree at renmin university .	试图从他主要的工作中转移齿轮 , 玉花了大多数时间在大学准备进入考试的人力资源毕业生学位 。
deficiency is the psychological description is overmuch , can be in action , rub depictions of some more , in addition , can also add environment description , this article will look more vivid .	缺乏是心理描述 , 可以在行动、rub描述等方面 , 还可以添加环境描述 , 本文将更多的vivivid 。
as a professional cable manufacturer , kingsignal's products mainly serve mobile communication , digital microwave communication , aerospace , multimedia and milit .	作为一家专业电缆制造商 , 国王信号产品主要服务移动通信、数字微波通信、航空、多媒体和军方 。
5 p . m . explore the cultural melting pot of chungking mansions on tsim sha tsui's nathan road , the setting for another wong karwai movie , " chungking express " .	探讨tsimhasui的nathan路文化熔池 , 建立另一个wongkarwai电影 " unging表达 " 。
after treatment , life signs of subjects were stable and the metabolic support was obvious , which indicated:the bioartificial liver support system which we constructed was safe , stable and efficient .	治疗后 , 我们建立的生物官方肝支持体系稳定、稳定、有效的代谢支持是显著的 。
similarly , on the left , a lack of visibility into the real metrics that motivates the corporation means that the change effort will never be able to factually prove success to the policy makers .	同样 , 在左边 , 缺乏可见性 , 激励公司意味着改变努力永远不能证明政策制定者的成功 。
a wet phosphoric acid purifying extractor descaling method includes: a first step , using hotwater for soaking and extracting organic solvent in the scale , and then emptying hot water ;	采用热水浸泡和提取有机溶剂 , 然后空空热水 ;
most of our products designs are based on classic lines of antique pieces from 16th century european and other eras , and can be modified and combined to individual client's desire and lifestyle .	我们大多数产品都基于16世纪欧洲和其他eras的古典线路 , 可以修改和结合个体客户的欲望和生活方式 。
cai yuanpei is a great thinker , educator and revolutionary . from his thoughts , words and behaviors , we can know his great mind , a philosopher's character and a great man's demeanor .	蔡元北是一位伟大的思想家 , 教育家和革命家 。 从他的思想、词、行为等方面 , 我们可以知道他的伟大思想 , 哲学家的性格和伟大的男人 。
the advantages of hengshui lake to develop ecotourism are environment , plants , wildlife , history and culture . we must also notice some problems . firstly , pay attention to overall distribution .	恒水湖发展生态旅游的优势是环境、植物、野生动物、历史和文化 , 我们也必须注意一些问题 , 首先 , 关注整体分布 。
double strands rna produced posttranscriptional gene silencing technique is being used to alter the relative proportion of the major fatty acids present in oil plants .	采用双带rna制备后描述基因筛选技术 , 改变油厂主要脂肪酸的相对比例 。
china continues to be the world's 2nd largest economy in q3 , with the gdp of $1 . 42 trillion , compared with japan's $1 . 37 trillion , people's daily online reported monday .	据《人民日报》周一报道 , 中国继续成为世界第二大经济 , 与日本每天的1.37万亿美元相比 , 中国的gdp总值为1.42万亿美元 。
the national antiterrorism committee says special forces killed 2 militants and detainees and detained rather a third person during a raid in a town on the outskirts of moscow .	民族反恐委员会表示 , 特殊部队杀死了2名军队和拘留者 , 并且在莫斯科郊区的第三个人 。
results a typical pattern of morphological changes of motoneuron apoptosis in the anterior horn of spinal cord was observed by both tunel staining and electron microscopy .	结果采用隧道染色和电子显微镜观察了脊髓前角形态学变化的典型模式 。
methods: categorize 164 sufferers , carry on rehabilitation education , psychological persuasion talk entertainment activity and various psychology support respectively .	方法:分别对164名患者进行康复教育、心理劝说娱乐活动及各种心理学支持进行 。
finally , has analyzed zhai yongming the poetry writing life significance , had demonstrated the poet can realize the reason which the feminine angle of view surmounted and its be valuable .	最后 , 对赵永明明的诗歌写作意义进行了分析 , 证明了诗人可以实现女性视角的原因和其价值 。
these banks aggressively peddled loans to the finance ministers of poorer countries suffering from balance of payment difficulties , acute unemployment , and consequent internal unrest .	这些银行积极向贫困国家财政部长的贷款 , 从薪酬困难、急性失业和后来的内部失业平衡中受到损害 。
under the infuence of magnetic field , anp can deposit in the target area at large degree , as a result , the density of anp in the nontarget area can be decreased significantly ;	在磁场的影响下 , ap可以大程度上存储在目标区域中 , 因此 , 非目标区的密度可显著降低 ;
passes through from the multiple perspectives slow motion playbacking evidence collection , the leeway which styles had already not quibbled , he prepares to the niu card aspect to apologize .	通过多个视角慢的运动反馈证据收集 , 风格的遗传已经没有迅速 , 他准备了niu卡方面道歉 。
the main source of water pollution in qujiang river basin comes from domestic wastewater , then nonpoint source pollution is also important , and the water pollution from industry contribute little .	泉江盆地水污染主要来源于国内废水 , 然后非点源污染也是产业污染的重要组成部分 。
this paper attempts to seek the cultural root for the militarists' thought on peace by analyzing the influence exerted by confucianism , taoism , mohism and other schools of thinking .	本文试图通过对儒家、道教、动主义等思想的影响 , 探讨军事主义思想的文化根源 。
in the experimental group a repaired tissues represented hyaline , smooth and flat . chondrocytes in the zones of integrating with peripheral native cartilages were more mature .	在实验组中 , 一种修复的组织代表水平、平滑、平滑、平滑的组织 , 周边土地胡萝卜区的胆囊细胞更成熟 。
to investigate the relationship between iop in vertebral body and pulmonary fat embolism , and the relationship between cement injection velocity and pmma leakage into epidural space in pvp .	探讨椎体和肺脂栓塞的关系 , 以及pvp水泥注射速度与pmma泄漏的关系 。
troy , mich . , 12 aug . 2007 . bae systems demonstrated a prototype common modular power system at the national defense industrial association's power and energy symposium .	2007年8月 , 迈克 , 2007年8月12日.bae系统展示了国家防御工业协会的原型功率系统 。
a delegation from the stateowned chinese company , china metallurgical group corporation , visited the site of a copper mine in aynak , a former alqaeda stronghold southeast of kabul , in 2007 .	2007年 , 中国冶金集团参观了一家铜矿的地点 , 位于阿雅纳克州东南卡巴尔东南部的基地组织 。
this stateoftheart , fastacting treatment speeds fresher , healthylooking skin cells to the surface with 3 times more of the nonacid skin refinisher of our previous formula .	这种状态远 , 快速处理速度 , 健康洛克皮肤细胞 , 表面3倍以上公式的非酸皮肤精制器 。
how cool was the welcome of a tall glass of iced green mint in the shady room , to heads ringing with colors and the cymbals of the sunl outside were the sea and the road burning with dust .	如何冷却的欢迎来到沙特房间里的一杯冰绿色的玻璃 , 向头环绕着颜色 , 太阳外面的圆形是海外和尘土燃烧的道路 。
clinton downplayed reported splits within the libyan rebel movement , and hailed what she said was the first “natoarab alliance” providing military and political support for antigaddafi forces .	克林顿在利比亚叛军运动中发表声明 , 她说的是第一个 " 纳塔拉伯联盟 " 提供军事和政治支持 。
by the time of lbj's " great society " etc . , a " liberal " was someone who claimed glory for raiding the treasury and spending other people's money " liberally " to buy votes .	在lbj的 " 伟大的社会 " 等时候 , 一个 " 自由 " 的 " 自由 " 的人声称荣耀 , 并自由支出其他人民币 " 的钱 。
created by microsoft cofounder paul allen , who has committed $500 million since its start in 2003 , the allen institute has assembled a lessdetailed human brain atlas of its own .	自2003年开始以来 , 由微软创始人保罗·艾伦创建的保罗·艾伦 , 自2003年开始以来 , 艾伦学院已经组装了一个较少详细的人脑atlas 。
" at the end of the day , settlements and peace are two parallel tracks . israel cannot have settlements and peace at the same time , " said negotiator saeb erekat , speaking for the palestinians .	巴勒斯坦的谈判员萨伯·埃雷克特说: " 今天结束时 , 解决和平是两个平行轨道 , 以色列也不能解决和平 。 "
" no , " said the old woman , " there is only one way in the world , and it is so difficult that you will never redeem them . you must remain silent for twelve whole years , neither speaking nor laughing .	" 不 , " 老妇人说 , " 世界上只有一个途径 , 而且你永远不会重新退休 , 你一定要沉默十二年 , 也不会笑 。
a veritable orgy of artistic fertility , the open goat welcomes all comers to take part in a fully democratic , spontaneous , feverish and potentially lifealtering collective improvisation .	开放山羊欢迎各种各样的民主、自发、热和潜在的集体改革 。
the chatham house study , released today , says that illegal logging has dropped by between 50 and 75% across cameroon , indonesia and the brazilian amazon over the last decade ;	今天公布的查瑟姆家庭研究显示 , 非法调查已经下降了50%和75%之间 , 印度尼和巴西的亚马逊过去十年 ;
those who take it promise to stay together for better or for worse , for richer or for poorer , in sickness and in health , to honour and to cherish , forsaking all others , until death do us part .	那些承诺一起保持更好或更糟糕的人 , 为了更糟糕或更糟糕的人 , 疾病和健康 , 尊敬和珍惜 , 直到死亡 。
beijing , jan . 17 budapest , 15 midnight local time , xinhua , the hungarian capital budapest , a crowded disco nightclub stampede , killing three women died .	北京1月17日 , 15日中午的当地时间 , 新华 , 匈牙利资本预算 , 一个拥挤的离散夜泡 , 杀死三名妇女死亡 。
to read more , including information on who can legally represent you if you choose to hire an immigration representative , check out cic’s web pages on immigration representatives .	要阅读更多的情况 , 包括法律上的信息 , 如果你选择雇佣移民代表 , 检查cic的移民代表页 。
the practice features of marxist philosophy's rejection of metaphysics contains intrinsically the orientation of criticism and construction and is the practical solution to the basic...	马克思主义哲学拒绝隐喻学的实践特点 , 内在是批评与建设的方向 , 是基本的解决方案 。
the system studied in this paper not only can show fold and fault , but also can apply gis function . this paper analyzes the data structure of automatic generating geologic profile and fold and fault .	本文研究了自动生成地质剖面和断层的数据结构 。
from a new perspective , the authors put forward a multiple features based analytical approach for remotely sensed imagery to overcome the limitation of the pixelbased analytical approach .	从一个新的视角出发 , 提出了一种基于遥感图像的多个特征分析方法 , 以克服pixeled分析方法的限制 。
description: society has entered the peak period of automotive growth , car owner in his car to spend more and more time , air pollution from vehicle to endanger people's health can not be ignored .	描述:社会已经进入了汽车增长的峰值时期 , 汽车所有者在车上花费越来越多的时间 , 从车辆到危险人类的健康不能忽视 。
the dpph radical scavenging activities , the reducing powers , the amount of total phenolic compounds , the inhibitory effect on hydroxyl radical and superoxide anion radical o .	dpph激光活性 , 降低功率 , 总磷化合物的总量 , 抑制羟基辐射和超氧化物辐射o的抑制作用 。
furthermore , cabot has also introduced other advanced products to china , including masterbatch , conductive compound , inkjet colorant , aerogel and specialty drilling fluid .	此外 , 卡波特还介绍了中国其他先进产品 , 包括主浆、导电化合物、喷墨颜色、气凝胶和专用钻孔液 。
but could a smart grid or precision farming , in which the machines inform each other and make subsequent decisions , significantly reduce energy use and , thus , greenhouse gas pollution ?	但是 , 机器能互相信息的智能网格或精密农场 , 使得随后决策 , 显著降低能源使用 , 因此 , 温室气体污染 ?
the task " find and view patient record " may be used by most of the organization , whereas the task " create and update patient record " may be used only by the admission and front desk staff .	任务 " 找到和查看病人记录 " 可能是由大多数组织使用的 , 而任务 " 创建和更新病人记录 " 可能只被承认和前台员工使用 。
the main shortcoming of range finding technique with structural light is that it is unable to obtain the data of points which are sightless by pickup camera or can't be illuminated by light source .	具有结构光学的范围发现技术的主要缺点是不能通过光源来获得无视点的数据 , 或者不能被光源照明 。
the file doclet . toc . xml is referenced as being the table of contents for this plugin ; this file will provide the data for the hierarchical information in the left pane of the eclipse help window .	文件dclet.tml被引用为这个插件表 , 这个文件将为eclipse左板中的层次信息提供数据 。
many privacypreserving algorithms for data mining has been proposed including association rules , classification , clustering and so on , but few algorithms are for outlier detection .	针对数据挖掘的许多隐私存储算法 , 包括相关规则、分类、集群等 , 但几个算法都是外部检测 。
they found that when women and men work on a number of simple tasks such as searching for a key or doing easy maths problems at the same time , the women significantly outperformed the men .	他们发现 , 当女性和男性在很多简单的任务上工作时 , 例如搜索关键或做简单的数学问题时 , 女性也显著执行男性 。
nor can mr edano count on support from a block of 129 lawmakers , allied to mr ozawa , who voted against mr kan's appointment as party leader last week .	埃丹诺先生不能支持129名法律制造商的支持 , 联合到奥萨瓦先生 , 上周投票反对卡恩的党领导人 。
improved routine immunization: partnerships focused on reducing diseases like polio and measles are also helping build a stronger foundation for the delivery of both new and existing vaccines .	改善路由免疫:合作关系集中在减少polio和测量等疾病 , 也帮助建立新的和现有疫苗的更强的基础 。
a spokesman for sierra leonean president ernest bai koroma , who is among the heads of state representing the west african alliance , said gbagbo's exit is nonnegotiable .	美国代表西非联盟的首席执行官贝·科马说 , 塞拉莱南总统的发言人 。
education may not be essential for this career , but you can get a foot in the door while bettering your prospects for advancement with basic training in an automotive and diesel technology program .	教育对于这个职业生涯来说不必要 , 但你可以在门上获得足够的前景 , 更好地在汽车和柴油技术上培训的基本培训 。
for the replacement of fitness gold card , please submit this form to the card issuing office through the district leisure services offices or sports centres of this department and pay a fee of $25 .	为了取代健身金牌 , 请通过区休闲服务办公室或体育中心提交卡表格 , 并支付25美元 。
dahongpao pepper to " big spike and more grains , meat , thickskinned rich , bright color , rich flavor , taste ma moderate " and has long " chinese name law " reputation .	大中帕胡椒 " 大辣椒 " , 肉 , 厚厚 , 色彩丰富 , 香味丰富 , 品味丰富 , 具有 " 中国名法 " 的声誉 。
methods: the clinical data and antibiotic resistance of 253 cases of aecb caused by acinetobacter infection from respiratory department of 10 hospitals in tianjin were reviewed .	方法:对天津10所医院急性感染的253例acb患者的临床资料及抗生素耐药性进行了综述 。
in this paper , the principles of hydrophobic surface and drag reduction are outlined . we briefly review the new way and recent progress to prepare such hydrophobic surface .	简要介绍了水生物表面的原理和降渣原理 , 综述了这种水生物表面的新途径和最近进展 。
the highly efficient and accurate classification has improved the grindingclassification efficiency of the tertiary grinding , thus raising the runofmine ore throughput of system 321 .	高效和精确分类改善了地晶磨削效率的磨削效率 , 从而提高了该系统321的runofmin矿输入 。
i was headhunted by hujiang when i was looking for an " out " to have a flexible schedule for my tobeborn daughter , who is now almost 5 months old . i couldn&rsquo ;	我正在寻找一个 " 外出 " 的 " 灵活的计划 , 为我出生的女儿 , 现在几乎5个月 。
additional cleaning techniques can include using a needleless plastic syringe to vigorously wash the tooth with moderately pressured water or to softly wash it with hydrogen peroxide .	附加清洗技术可以使用无针塑料同步洗牙 , 用中压水洗牙或软洗涤 。
professors with dollar signs in their eyes are always announcing the birth of the latest revolutionary management technique or the discovery of the hottest new “supercorp” .	美元标志教授总是宣布最新的革命管理技术或最热新的 " 吸尘器 " 的出生 。
tuesday's swoon has been dramatic , coming after a report showing u . s . manufacturing in august returned to expansion for the first time in more than a yearandahalf . for details see .	今年8月 , 美国制造业的一份报告显示 , 今年8月首次回归扩张 。
architecture is the most optimistic of professions , ' says mary comerio , chair of the architecture department at the university of california at berkeley , where there was a 40 percent uptick .	伯克利大学建筑系主席玛丽·卡里奥说: " 建筑师是加利福尼亚大学最乐观的 。 "
the designs were drawn up by the french architect jacques rougerie , a veteran of waterbased construction projects , and have been backed by the united nations cultural agency unesco .	该设计由法国建筑师杰克斯·罗里、水基建设项目的船长 , 由联合国文化机构联合起来 。
it’s an openair loft space , with the four founders at desks in the middle of a phalanx of young men staring at screens . the four are sam yagan , the c . e . o . ;	这是一个开放的左翼空间 , 四位创始人在屏幕中间站在桌子上 , 四个是samyagan , c.o ;
firstly , the paper introduces the conception , theory and mathematical model of the array antenna . serval algorithms of adaptive beamforming and doa are analyzed using matlab software .	首先介绍了阵列天线的概念、理论和数学模型 , 运用matlab软件分析了自适应梁形成的服务算法 。
two duracors and one duramar unit are specified as part of the communications equipment package for each lcs unmanned surface vehicle being developed to carry out these warfare missions .	指定两个双臂单元 , 作为每个lcss无人工表面车辆开发的一部分通信设备包 。
later , lartigue donated all his negatives , albums , cameras and personal diaries to the french state , and from these photos and texts , we discover the story of an extraordinary and elegant life .	后来 , 律师捐赠了他所有的负面、专辑、摄影机和个人日记 , 从这些照片和文本中发现了一个异常和优雅的生活故事 。
at altitude , the air pressure is lower , and so are aerodynamic effects such as drag and lift , ultimately causing balls to travel faster and straighter than they would at lower altitude .	在altide上 , 空气压力较低 , 因此 , 如拖动和抬升等气动效应 , 最终导致球运动速度快 , 比他们更低 。
world stocks , measured by msci , hit a 51/2 week high this week , moving close to a breakeven point for the year as investors put tens of billions of dollars worth of cash to work .	由于投资者在今周工作的数十亿美元的时候 , 世界股市上衡量了51/2周高点 。
allaround introduction and specific analysis are made about the notion and structure , selection , organization and presentation of content , compilation of students' exercises and teachers' manual .	全地介绍和具体分析 , 对学生运动和教师手工的概念、选择、组织和展示内容、内容、内容、内容、内容和表达进行了分析 。
if you are just too exhausted to leave the confines of the house , unplug the phone , lock the door , batten down the hatches and spend the entire weekend at home , doing absolutely nothing .	如果你太疲惫了 , 离开房子的限制 , 卸下电话 , 锁着门 , 打击帽子 , 整个周末在家里花费整个周末 。
like the liao , an earlier inner asian dynasty , the juchen maintained a chinesestyle bureaucracy to rule over the southern part of their conquests and a tribal state to rule in inner asia .	就像辽初亚洲一样 , 尤文保持了一个中国风格局制度 , 以规则内亚的一个部落状态 。
for me , it feels like you are dealing with familiarities such as cooking a lentil dish in mdardara , as well as a feeling of strangeness in familiar surroundings , such as tokyo tonight .	对于我来说 , 就像你一样熟悉的那样 , 比如在麦达拉烹饪一个柠檬菜 , 以及在熟悉周围的奇怪感觉 , 比如东京今晚 。
with the forest canopy closure increase , the average high and diameter also increase , but the numbers of unit area is reduced . and the distribution of update saplings changes from mission to uniform .	随着森林切割的增加 , 平均高和直径也增加 , 但单位面积的数量减少 , 使命从任务到均匀的更新插值的分布 。
the products do not contain any natural latex components on human skin allergic reactions , nontoxic , harmless , tasteless , left and right gm , pull a good , durable , and good adhesion .	产品不包含人皮过敏反应、非毒、无毒、无味、左右gm的任何自然乳化成分 , 可持久和良好粘附 。
carmelita montiel , a twentyyearold virgin , had just bathed in orangeblossom water and was strewing rosemary leaves on pilar ternera's bed when the shot rang out .	卡梅丽塔·蒙蒂尔是一名2岁的弗吉尔 , 只是在橙色的水中沐浴 , 正在把罗斯气候叶放在皮尔内拉的床上 。
we use such tools here at @toprank to grow own twitter presence as well as for clients on a daily basis and have learned quite a bit about twitter best practices and which tools work best .	我们在这里使用这样的工具 , 在@toprank增长自己的twitter存在和客户每天的基础上 , 学习了twitter最好的实践和工具最好的工作 。
cancer vaccines can generate specific immune response to get goals of treatment mainly through activate the tumorresistant antigen , especially antitumor specific antigen .	癌症疫苗主要通过抗肿瘤抗原活性 , 特别是抗肿瘤特异抗原来产生特异免疫反应 。
a host of lifechanging inventions , from icecream cones and bottled water to electric lights , automobiles and aeroplanes were brought to public attention through successive expos .	从冰淇淋和瓶水到电灯、汽车和航天灯等方面引起了公众关注 。
si published his accusations late last month on the new threads website , which is famous among china's research community for exposing pseudoscience and academic misconduct .	上个月晚些时候 , 西出版了他的指控 , 这是中国研究社区的著名的伪科学和学术误导 。
hcvspecific cd8 tcell response was readily detectable in acutely hcvinfected patients regardless of virologic outcome or virusspecific cd4 tcell response .	无论病毒结果或病毒特异性cd4t细胞反应可急性hcvin感染患者 , hcv特异性cd8细胞反应 。
i am also thankful to mr bruce lee's family for their wholehearted support . mr lee's widow , linda , personally helped prepare a layout plan of the former residence for our reference .	我也感谢布鲁斯·李先生的全心支持 , 李先生的窗口 , 个人帮助制定一个前居民的布局计划 。
shin's previous solo efforts include the 2005 cover album " special thanks to...best selection " and later " tired " , but his latest hit , " it's me " marks shin's first proper album as a solo artist .	shin以前的索洛努力包括2005年专辑 " 特别感谢...最佳选项 " , 后来 " 累累 " , 但他最新打 " 标志着shin的第一张专辑 。
in some major u . s . cities , sports moguls have wrested steep concessions from local governments as the price for building new palaces for their football , basketball , hockey and baseball franchises .	在一些主要的美国城市里 , 体育模块已经从当地政府带来了稳定的概念 , 作为他们的足球、篮球、篮球和篮球的价格建立新宫殿 。
since porcelain is ceramic , and therefore glasslike , its surface is smooth and impervious and unlike older bonding materials , it will not be stained coffee , tea , red wine or cigarette smoking .	由于瓷器是陶瓷 , 所以玻璃类似 , 它的表面平滑 , 不像老粘合材料一样 , 它不会被染色咖啡、茶、红酒或烟雾吸烟 。
carla van tiggelen designe is an international purchaser from australia , need to buy products of textile raw materials and fabrics , furniture , home textiles , gift , ceramics , adornment etc . categories .	澳大利亚是一家国际采购商 , 需要购买纺织原料及织品、家具、礼品、陶瓷等类别 。
the absolute growth of the head weight , forelimb weight , hind limb weight , body length , forelimb length , hind limb length , shin length and the third toe length showed a pattern of normal distribution .	头重、前肢体重、身体长度、前肢长度、前肢长度、后肢长度、刷长度和第三吨长度呈正常分布 。
there’s an old “northsouth” divide partly at work with the netherlands , luxembourg , and germany critical of spain , italy , and greece – in what appear to be old cultural stereotypes playing out .	西班牙、意大利和希腊似乎是古老的文化立体型 。
the welcome ceremony was also attended by wang qishan , ling jihua , wang huning , dai bingguo , u . s . vice president joe biden , secretary of state hillary clinton and other accompanying staff .	欢迎仪式也参加国务卿克林顿及其它陪伴工作人员王建华、王建、戴平郭、美国副总统乔·伯登、国务卿和其他陪伴工作 。
laing's thought chanllenged traditional views of psychiatric treatment , evoked people to query those basic hypotheses that ruled their lives and thoughts , left his mark on psychiatric practice .	兰玲的思想是传统的心理治疗观点 , 让人们查询这些基本假设 , 统治自己的生活和思想 , 留下了心理实践的标志 。
milan leandro grimi on the official site of siena speaks about the next league against milan: " yes its a bit strange for me to play against milan , but now i am at siena and want to win this game . "	西纳官方网站的米兰·莱德罗·格里姆尼谈到了下一场对米兰的联赛: " 是对米兰的奇怪 , 但现在我在西娜赢得了这场比赛 。 "
test showed that , the model derived from 2year before st by pca had a forecast accuracy of 95 . 8% for internal samples and 93 . 3% for external samples , while the one by modified method 97 . 5% and 90 . 0% ;	试验结果表明 , stca在2年前产生的模型预测了95.8%的内样品和93.3%的外样品 , 改性方法97.5%和90.0% ;
" this budget adds more debt to our country's future than all of the debt from 1789 , when george washington was president , through franklin roosevelt and lyndon johnson and george w . bush , " he said .	他说: " 这项预算比1789年全国债务增加了更多的债务 , 当乔治华盛顿总统 , 通过弗兰克林·罗斯福和伦敦约翰逊和乔治·布什 。 "
o mighty armed one , seeing your magnificent form of manifold faces and eyes , manifold arms , legs and feet , manifold stomachs and manifold terrifying teeth ; all the planets tremble in fear and so do i .	奥密武装了一个 , 看到你的巨大的脸部和眼睛 , 手臂 , 腿部 , 脚部和脚部 , 表现的胃部和表现的恐惧 , 所有行星都反映了恐惧 。
it also has highlevel teachers all of whom have diploma degrees , including one with the national key teacher title , two with the beijing key teachers titles , six with xicheng key teachers titles .	它还拥有高级教师 , 包括一名国家关键教师冠军 , 两名是北京关键教师冠军 , 六名与厦城关键教师冠军 。
the macro velocity model used for describing vti media is consistent with current velocity estimation method , and can simultaneously accommodate the isotropy , weak anisotropy and strong anisotropy .	使用vti媒体的宏观速度模型与当前速度估计方法一致 , 可以同时适应异性、弱异性和强异性等 。
therefore , any changes in expression levels or activity of ptp1b relative to the ir could affect insulin signaling and possibly contribute to the insulin resistance observed in type ii diabetes .	因此 , ptp1b与ir的表达水平或活性的变化可能会影响胰岛素签名 , 并且可能导致胰岛素抵抗在i型糖尿病中观察到的胰岛素抵抗 。
britain's chancellor of the exchequer alistair darling poses with his ministerial red dispatch box as he leaves 11 downing street , en route to delivering the annual budget to the house of commons .	英国的首席执行官阿里斯坦·达林和他的总理红色调度盒一起拥有他的总理红色调度盒 , 路径将年度预算交给普通的房子 。
the killing activity of nk cells and the proliferation rate of spleen cells were tested by mtt assay , and t cell subgroupcd4+ , cd8+ were tested by the indirect immune fluorescent assay .	采用mt法测定了nk细胞的杀死活性及其增殖速度 , 并采用直接免疫荧光法测定了t细胞子群d4+、cd8+ 。
bamboo garden mighty yanlord house house , authentic lake a good room , all fully equipped highend furniture , all gifts , the landlord benevolent kind , good communication , the rich noble gas .	竹花园大厅 , 真正湖泊 , 全部设备高端家具 , 所有礼物 , 具有良好的沟通、丰富的贵贵族气体 。
in sperm and oocyte , it is proved that the calcium signals have great roles in series of complicated processes: capacitation , acrosome reaction , oocyte maturation , fertilization , embryo cleavage etc .	在精子和卵巢中 , 证明钙信号在一系列复杂的过程中具有重要作用:吸收、环境反应、卵子成熟、肥料等 。
nangong selection of quality smoked pork dish , and add the proportion of fresh eggs , pure mungbean starch , ginger and small grinding sesame oil , stirring into a porridgelike , poured into casings .	南东选择品质吸烟猪肉菜 , 添加新鲜蛋、纯粘豆淀粉、姜、小粒海米油 , 搅拌成粉末 。
the elections in tunisia and the dramatic demise of former libyan leader muammar alqaddafi have pushed the allegations of an iransponsored plot to assassinate the saudi envoy to washington on u .	突尼西亚的选举和前利比亚领导穆巴马尔·卡扎菲引发了伊朗赞助地图的指控 , 以防止苏联华盛顿的启示 。
ics bbtv is a brand new broadband tv client developed by shanghai media group broadband co . ltd and ics , which enables people watching copyrighted programs of ics , both live and vod , for free .	icsbtv是上海媒体集团广带有限公司和ics开发的新广带电视客户端 , 它使人们看到了ics的编码权程序 , 都是免费的 。
a town of northern ethiopia south of asmara . emperor menelik ii decisively defeated the italians here in 1896 to secure recognition of ethiopia's independence . population , 21 , 107 .	1896年 , 伊塞俄比亚南部的一座城镇 , 梅尼克二世决定打败意大利人 , 以确保埃塞俄比亚独立的认可 。
but with this example alone can you realize that with some more exercise of thoughts and intelligent i don't wanna say intelligent design here , intelligent design can you actually solve this problem so much more efficiently and just as correctly .	但是随着这个例子 , 你可以发现 , 随着一些思想和智能的运动 , 我不会在这里说智能设计 , 智能设计可以更有效地解决这个问题 。
rome , april 7 the strong earthquake that hit central italy on monday has killed at least 150 people , injured some 1 , 500 and left around 70 , 000 homeless , italian media reported on tuesday .	据意大利媒体周二报道 , 4月7日 , 意大利中央意大利的强大地震造成了至少150人死亡 , 伤害了约1500人 , 500人 。
according to onboard military officers , sailors on the destroyer , coded ddg169 wuhan , carried out comprehensive exercises focusing on rapid response , inspections , and simulated attacks .	根据上述军方官员说 , 摧毁者的帆船员 , 编码ddg169武汉 , 进行了全面运动 , 重点关注快速响应、检查和模拟攻击 。
paul's message in all of these things is that , i didn't do anything wrong , i'm just here to obey the law , i'm here to serve my people , to honor the traditions of my people and my ethnic group , the jews .	保罗在所有这些东西中的消息是 , 我没有做错的事情 , 我只是在这里遵守法律 , 我在这里为我人民和民族传统 。
like previous attacks , wednesday's incident in hong kong's busy north point district involved corrosive liquid apparently thrown into a crowded shopping district from a nearby highrise building .	像以前的攻击一样 , 星期三在香港忙碌的北点区的事件显然从附近的高层建筑中扔进了一个拥挤的购物区 。
the level of employment is ultimately determined by aggregate demand , and aggregate demand is determined by whatever the central bank thinks the economy can bear , without jeopardising stable prices .	就业水平最终由集中需求决定 , 不管中央银行认为经济不能承受的稳定价格决定集中需求 。
their study subjects ate vegetarian whole foods with 10 percent of calories from fat , walked 30 minutes six days a week , used stressreducing techniques , and went to a weekly support group .	他们的研究主题每周都吃蔬菜整体食物 , 每周都要用压力诱导技术 , 每周就要走30分钟的热量 。
here the supermarket and street stalls coexist , variety of handicraft souvenirs , with ivory and wood carvings of figures , pest birds , flowers , shape lifelike lifelike , are tourists shopping places .	在这里 , 超市和街道的商场共存 , 各种手工工艺文明 , 拥有ivory和木雕 , 森林鸟 , 花卉 , 形状寿命类似 。
the purpose of this study was to describe norms of pinch strength for normal taiwanese adults and to investigate the effects the of age , gender , height , weight , and digit length on pinch strength .	本研究旨在描述正常台湾成年人pinch强度的规范 , 探讨年龄、性别高、体重和数字长度对提升强度的影响 。
beijingfuzhou highway , 104national road , the beijingshanghai railway runs through the north and the south , since ancient times as " fdbwa three , nine province thoroughfare " place .	北京福州高速公路104个国家道路 , 北京上海铁路通过北京和南方运行 , 因为古代 " fdbwa3 " 位置 。
it is the tallest rocket to emerge from the vehicle assembly building since the massive 363foot saturn v rocket used to launch apollo astronauts to the moon in the 1960s and 1970s .	自1960年代和1970年代 , 由于大规模363英尺的火箭发射阿波罗宇航员到月球 。
how can the miaos women living in the remote mountain area get to know yinyang fish , the typical symbolic logo of han's culture , and embody the socalled yinyang philosophy in their embroidery ?	汉族文化的典型象征标志 , 体现了如何在远山区居住的苗族女性 ?
on monday and tuesday , students boycotted classes and examinations while several thousand students maintained a peaceful demonstration outside the college's administration building , students said .	学生说 , 周二和周二 , 学生们在大学管理建筑外保持和平示威 。
wen jiabao , carry out seriously the spirit of the 17th cpc national congress , devote more efforts to the anticorruption work and a clean and honest government construction , 9 qiushi , 6 .	温家宝 , 严肃执行第17届国会精神 , 致力于抗腐败工作 , 清洁诚的政府建设 , 6 。
february 6 , 2005 , the ministry of commerce issued " for the " thousands of rural villages " the pilot informed the market works " officially launched " thousands of rural villages " the market works .	2005年2月6日 , 商务部发布了 " 数千名农村村 " 的 " 数千名飞行员通知市场工作 " 正式发布 " 的农村村作品 。
building on its expertise in amoled technology , the samsung nx10 sports a large 3 . 0 " amoled screen , delivering a far brighter and clearer image than comparable lcd screens . "	三星nx10运动了一个大型3.0 " 分子屏幕 , 比较lcd屏幕更清晰的图像 。
this may result in either a ) the polar ice caps melt , forcing mankind to live on boats with kevin costner or b ) the gulf stream stops , turning new york city into an enormous icecube .	这可能会导致波尔冰盖熔化 , 迫使人类与凯文·哥斯特住在船上 , 或者海湾流停止 , 将纽约城变成巨大的冰块 。
based on structural risk minimization principal , the influences of the error penalty parameter c and the kernel parameter σ on support vector machines generalization ability are studied .	基于结构风险微化原理 , 研究了误差半径参数c和核参数对支持矢量机的一般化能力 。
under semantics guidance , through the full title sentence's analysis and the full title sentence's probabilistic logic system , we have a good solution for full title sentence's inductive acceptance .	在语义指导下 , 通过全名句的分析和全名句的概率逻辑系统 , 我们对全名句子的引入接受具有良好的解决方案 。
on hearing her routine , christopher hitchens , a polemicist , remarked that “when comedians flatter the president , they become court jesters , and the country becomes a banana republic . ”	在听到她的常规 , 克里斯托弗·赫奇森 , 一个极端主义者 , 说 " 当喜剧家平坦总统 , 他们成为法庭主义者 , 国家成为巴纳共和国 。 "
as jamel belhaj , general director of public debt in tunisia , puts it , “it is very important for us to maintain an optimal combination of fixed and floating rate debt to manage our debt service costs .	随着突尼斯州公债总监詹姆尔·贝尔哈贾说: " 这对我们保持固定和浮动率的债务成本非常重要 。 "
designed to access the electronic control and diagnostic systems such as engine , diesel pump , gearbox , clutch , brakes , asd , asr , srs , electrical roof control , dash panel and ac/heating .	设计访问发动机、柴油泵、齿轮盒、制动机、asd、sr、电屋控制、dashel板等电子诊断系统 。
the lawyers' associations shall conduct professional selfregulation of the practice of law by lawyers in accordance with the lawyers law , bylaws of lawyers' associations and professional rules .	律师协会应当根据律师法律、律师协会法律、律师协会法律和专业规定进行专业自我调控 。
it is important to recognize the circulatory dysfunction in the elderly trauma patients may be primarily caused by hypovolemia , but to differentiate it from cardiac insufficiency may be necessary .	老年创伤患者的循环功能的重要原因可能是因为缺血而引起的 , 但对心脏不足的分化可能是必要的 。
" we talk about five core competencies in social and emotional learning , " says weissberg , " selfawareness , selfmanagement , social awareness , relationship skills , and responsible decision making .	" 我们在社会和情绪学习中谈到五个核心竞争 , " 自我意识、社会意识、关系技能和责任决策 。
waste water treatment , water purification , dewatering , bar screen , rotary drum screen , jet diffuser , pump , water filter , belt filter press , powder dissolver pumps and pumping equipment .	废水处理、净水、水水洗、水洗、阻挡屏、旋转鼓屏、喷射扩散器、水滤波器、带滤波器、粉末散热泵和泵装备 。
the basic principles and simulation methods of a nullcouplerbased oadm are studied firstly , especially in the crosstalk of a ybranch structure and the coupling properties of a tilted grating .	首先研究了一种基于nullcouuuuuuuuuuuuuuupler的oadm的基本原理和仿真方法 , 尤其是在ybranch结构的交叉谈中 。
george w bush , who is regularly in bed by 10pm , thomas edison , napoleon , condoleezza rice , who wakes at 4 . 30am , and ernest hemingway are among those known as larks .	乔治 ? 布什正常在床上 , 托马斯·爱迪松 , 纳波伦 , 康德拉西萨米斯 , 斯特·海明威是那些被称为拉克斯 。
it had been concluded that some certain intermacromolecult cross link was formed among finishing agents and fiber by means of acid and alkalic hydrolysis , amino acid analysis and tg method .	通过酸和碱水解、氨基酸分析和tg方法 , 得出了某些跨分子链接 。
s . refused to sign the agreement , and is urging the united nations' convention on certain conventional weapons " a protocol attached , so as to provide legitimacy to the use of cluster weapons . "	美国拒绝签署协议 , 敦促联合国对某些传统武器的协议 " , 协议为集群武器提供立法性 。
i estimate that , based on economic values , these losses will to a further $800 billion to $900 billion , putting total credit losses north of $1 . 7 trillion for the whole period of the crisis .	我估计 , 基于经济价值的基础上 , 这些损失将进一步800亿美元到900亿美元 , 把总信贷损失在危机的整个时期 。
supachai's comments come as the u . s . house of representatives friday is expected to vote again on a revised $700 billion bailout plan after the bill was struck down monday .	星期五 , 美国代表家星期五将再次投票700亿美元的破产计划 。
licensor desires to grant to the licensee for agreed sum of money as provided herein , and licensee desires to obtain from licensor , nonassignable , geographically restrictive license .	许可人希望向许可证人签署协议的金钱 , 并且许可人希望获得许可证人、无签署、地理限制许可证 。
based on the fermented yoghourt , we took fresh milk as raw material and added stabilizer , honey , essence and sugars into it to produce fruity flavor drinks with lactic acid bacteria .	根据发酵瑜伽小时 , 我们将新鲜奶作为原料 , 加入稳定剂 , 蜂蜜 , 精华 , 糖进入乳酸细菌生产水果味饮料 。
poet yiannis ritsos once called monemvasia " a ship of stone , " and those who have visited rave about " rugged , saltofthe earthbeauty " that provides " a refreshing escape " from the real world .	波特尼斯·里索曾经被称为蒙莫瓦西亚 " 一艘石船 " , 而那些曾经访问过 " 粗鲁的 " 的人 , 萨尔托芬的地球美 " 提供了 " 新鲜的逃避 " 。
when this happens , the pancreas produces greater amounts to compensate , flooding the bloodstream with insulin ; high levels of insulin in the blood have been linked to [some types of] cancer .	当这种情况发生时 , 胰岛产生更多的补偿 , 与胰岛素的血流洪水 , 血液中胰岛素的高水平已经与癌症联系起来 。
this patent pending formula , amidren contains efficacious amounts of clinically proven natural ingredients to address the 5 critical stages of male hormone modulation to address andropause as men age .	本专利定位公式 , 除了临床证明 , 男性荷尔蒙调制的5个关键阶段 。
while a full takeover is seen as a stretch , some companies that may cast an eye over the unit include hp's rivals in asia such as china's lenovo group ltd and taiwan's acer inc , banking sources said .	银行资源称 , 虽然全部采取被视为一个伸展 , 但有些公司可能会引发一个眼睛在亚洲的hp竞争 , 例如中国莱诺夫集团有限公司和台湾的公司 。
the necessity and thinking on the structural adjustment in agricultural industry is discussed , on the basis of investigation and analysis on agricultural present situation of xiangtan city .	论述了西安市农业结构调整的必要性和思考 , 根据农业现状的调查和分析 。
single fundamental mode verticalcavity surfaceemitting laserhas potential applications such as data transmission in optical network , optical interconnect , optical storage , and laser printing .	光网、光学间接、光学存储和激光印刷等单基本模式垂直腔潜能应用 。
spending in 2010 decreased 1 . 3% , after the country’s defense ministry recommended germany close several army bases and cut the number of troops from 250 , 000 to 180 , 000 .	德国防部建议 , 2010年的支出减少了1.3% , 并从250 , 000到18万 。
qiu lin is new , heavy is good for her , but she is hypocritical in the eyes of others . < /p> < p> qiu lin went to the director , insisted on their own , the director appreciate her .	邱林是新型的 , 重量很好 , 但她在别人的眼睛中是假设的 , </p><qulin去了董事 , 坚持自己 , 董事欣赏她 。
keenly awaited growth figures for the fourth quarter of 2008 were as clear as mud to most analysts , who were left struggling to work out what is really happening in the world's thirdlargest economy .	2008年第四季的增长数字显然很清楚 , 大多数分析师留下努力 , 工作在世界第三大经济中真正发生的事情 。
in order to establish a fullfledged market economy in our country , we must have a better bankruptcy law , which should remedy the shortcomings of the current law lacking of individual bankruptcy .	为了建立我国全面的市场经济 , 我们必须有更好的破产法 , 应该恢复当前破产法缺乏个人破产的缺陷 。
through simulation and modification , more accuracy experiment data were gained . the calibration curve of alanine dosimeter irradiated by proton was obtained at last . the linear coefficient is 0 . 999 5 .	通过仿真和改进 , 得到了较准确的实验数据 , 得到了原子辐射的alaninedimet曲线 , 最后得到了线性系数0.95 。
it's going to run through the loop , accumulating the answers , but because i'm subtracting , x it's just going to keep making x more and more negative as it goes along , again it's off into an infinite loop .	它将通过循环运行 , 积累答案 , 但由于我正在提取 , x就会使x越来越负面 , 因为它再次进入一个无限循环 。
joe biden , the vicepresident , responding to republican sniping today in an interview with nbc . " i hear a lot of criticism , but i never hear anything [suggested] in response .	约伯登 , 副总统 , 反应今天与nbc采访的共和党滑雪 , " 我听到了很多批评 , 但我从来没有听到任何东西 。
the high mountain is a unique environment . the mountain range poses tough trials for the life forms that inhabit it . yet , the challenges provide the necessary motives for species to adapt and evolve .	高山是一种独特的环境 , 山范围具有较强的生活形式 , 然而 , 挑战为物种适应和进化提供必要的动机 。
the results showe that it can assist the experiments making glucose plasma which desire ideal de value . and it can significantly reduce the number of experiments , save human resource , money and time .	结果表明 , 它可以帮助实验 , 使葡萄糖等离子体具有理想的de值 , 可以显著降低实验、节约人力资源、时间 。
earlier today , all things considered host robert siegel asked anthony carnevale , director of georgetown university's center on education and the workforce , if that number is correct .	今天早些时候 , 乔治敦大学教育中心和工作力中心的总裁安东尼·卡内瓦问道 。
even if you're running a oneperson business , invite your spouse or significant other , a trusted friend who knows your business , andif you can afford the hourly feesyour accountant or attorney .	即使你正在运行一个person的业务 , 邀请您的荣誉或意义 , 一个信任的朋友知道你的业务 , 并且如果你可以为您提供一个小时的费用账户或教程 。
china's ravenous appetite for energy puts the country at risk of reaching a point of “peak coal , ” when demand for coal will outstrip domestic production capacity , a growing number of experts believe .	中国对能源的丰富饮食使得国家的风险达到 " peak煤 " 的风险 , 当需求出国内生产能力的时候 , 越来越多的专家相信 。
i create sculptural ceramic work which , although abstract , is rooted in the natural world . simple curved and undulating forms explore biomorphic shapes and structural growth patterns .	我创造了雕塑陶瓷作品 , 虽然抽象根源于天然世界 , 但简单的曲线和绝缘形式探索生物形状和结构增长模式 。
generally , college savings plans are managed on a very aggressive portfolio of assets in the child’s younger years , switching to a more conservative portfolio as the child nears collegeready age .	一般来说 , 大学节约计划被管理在孩子年轻的资产组合中非常积极的资产组合 , 随着大学附近的孩子的保守组合 。
medium and late powdery cushaw , the matured fruit is off white skin with little green , high starchiness , high quality , fit to freezed treatment or cushaw powder , planted in early spring .	中晚粉末 , 成熟的水果与小绿色、高淀粉、高质量、适用于冻结的处理或粉末 , 植于春天早期 。
china has had many 4000 company , according to baidu money signs up for exposure first quarter , in the client amount that baidu advertises , only 161 thousand , 0 . 4% what hold company sum total only .	根据百度第一季度 , 中国拥有4000家公司 , 据百度广告 , 只有16万 , 0.4%的持有公司总成 。
for more on the thinking behind times open , watch the yahoo developer network's interview with nyt's derek gottfrid , senior software architect the man behind the times open gathering .	越来越多的思考开放 , 观看雅虎开发人员网络采访和nyt的桌面获得了frid、高级软件架构 。
in icrp 1990 recommendations , a new weighting factor——radiation weighting factorw_r was introduced to replace the quality factor q for modifying the absorbed dose averaged over atissue or organ .	在icrp1990建议中 , 介绍了一种新型的重量因子-辐射强度因子wrr , 以替代吸收剂量平均值的质量因子q 。
an algorithm for marking pitch at the location of the largest amplitude of continuous speech signal is described , which is based on the finding of glottal closure instants in laryngograph signal .	介绍了一种基于拉里格图信号的最大幅度标记匹克的算法 , 该算法 。
the liverpool manager , who has presided over six defeats in the last eight matches ahead of birmingham city's visit tonight , claimed he was " 100% sure " his team would start to climb the table .	利物浦经理说 , 今天晚上八场比赛前总统6场比赛 , 他的球队将开始攀登这个表 。
" when we use this technique to target gm plants , we can simply identify and kill the accidentally released gm strains without hurting conventional plants , " shen told scidev . net .	" 当我们使用这种技术到目标gm植物时 , 我们就可以简单地识别并杀死意外发布的gm应变 , 没有打击传统的植物 。 "
" happy people drag their spouses out of bed to go exercise , and they encourage them to eat healthier , " says bill chopik an associate psychology 3 professor at msu , and lead author of the study .	" 幸福的人从床上拖出床 , 鼓励他们吃健康 , " msu的一位相关心理学教授比尔·克佩克说 。
though many people continue to identify black eyeliner with a retro look , zoller says it's never really gone out of style at auditions , and it's attractive as long as it's not applied too heavily .	虽然许多人继续识别黑眼睛 , 但zller说 , 只要它太重了 。
chinese cities gained as the yuan strengthened somewhat against most other currencies , said mercer . shanghai , shenzhen and guangzhou moved up to 12th , 22nd and 23rd respectively .	上海 , 深圳和广州分别迁移到12 , 22nd和23rd 。
as a result , it's often easier to use static vxml files even if that option offers less flexibility , reactivity , and extensibility than to go with servlets and frequent recompilations .	因此 , 即使选项提供灵活性、反应性和可扩展性更容易使用静态vxml文件 。
natural carnival , life of the party , our after the sentiment , smart touch gladdening the heart and refreshing the mind , strong hazel incense bring multiple taste , suddenly lifeincomparable .	我们的情绪、智慧触动心灵 , 清新心灵 , 强烈的海泽香气带来多种味道 , 突然生命相伴 。
this week , xstrata , another big mining firm , suspended operations at a nickel mine in the dominican republic while converting its power supply to run on coal , rather than—more expensive—oil .	本周 , xstrata , 另一家大型采矿公司 , 悬挂在多米尼克尔共和国的一家镍矿的运营 , 而在转换电源供应的同时 , 却比煤炭更昂贵 。
according to importance value , the vegetation in beijing wulingshan nature reserve can be classified into 3 vegetation type groups , 5 vegetation types , 42 formations and 139 associations .	根据重要价值 , 北京乌岭山自然保护区植被可分为3种植物类型、5种植物类型、42种类型和139个协会 。
and , that's a good thing to know because if you come out with an answer that's somewhere near the diameter of the universe and it's supposed to be the diameter of an atom , then you will know that you probably made a mistake .	而且 , 这是一个很好的东西 , 因为如果你在宇宙直径附近的答案 , 那么你会知道你可能会犯错误 。
the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite captured these falsecolor images on january 15 , 2010 , and january 21 , 2003 .	2010年1月15日 , 美国宇航局的太空热排放和反射辐射器在nasa的太空卫星捕获这些伪彩图像 , 2003年1月21日 。
there is a great need for deeply understanding the functions of single molecule of schistosomes in vivo due to the accumulated information from schistosome genomics , transcriptomics and proteomics .	由于schistome基因组、转录原理和蛋白质组成的积累信息 , 深入了解单分子的功能 。
the dead sea mineral improves the skin cells metabolism relieves muscle cramps and stiffness . protects body against fluid loss and balances acidalkali levels .	深海矿物改善皮肤细胞代谢减轻肌肉裂纹和刚度 , 保护体对流体损失和平衡酸碱水平 。
this company endeavors to hardening , normalizing , tempering , high and medium temperature quenching , mesh belt furnace quenching , cementing , time effective freezing and high temperature treatment etc .	本公司内容为硬化、正常化、温度高、介质淬火、金属带淬火、水泥、时间冻结、高温处理等 。
ma haiyan ; chemical engineering department of nantong university zhang hao & liu zhaofeng ; state key lab for modification of chemical fibers and polymer materials ; donghua university ;	南通大学化学工程系 ; 东华大学化纤和聚合材料改良国家关键实验室 ;
new york , us: nassau county police officers on horseback patrol outside the best buy electronics store on black friday , which marks the traditional start of the festive shopping season .	纽约:美国纳苏县警察星期五在最好的购买电子商店外 , 标志了五个购物季节的传统开始 。
volunteers of america helper rodney cunningham unloads boxes of thanksgiving food for lowincome families . he'll be getting a box himself to feed his four children and grandchildren .	美国帮助者罗德尼·克宁汉姆的志愿者 , 感谢给低收入家庭的食物 , 他将自身吃一个盒子喂养自己的四个孩子和孙子 。
" wuzhen has a kind of nourishing energy , " said meng jinghui , the artistic director of this year's theater festival . " in terms of content and budget , they have given us complete freedom .	" 武镇有一种营养能源 , " 今年剧院艺术总监孟京惠说 , " 在内容和预算方面 , 他们已经给我们完全自由 。
after appreciating the exhibition , mr . coumet bought several kinds of souvenir on display and inquired on the business of buying pictures , showing heartfelt affection towards the master's works .	经过欣赏展览后 , 列先生买了几种舒适的方式 , 查询了购买图片的业务 , 显示了对主人的作品的心情感 。
the spotchecking results of fiber grade pet chip were analysed from intrinsic viscosity , diethylene glycol content , melt point , carboxyl end group , color , agglomerating particle and powder .	本文从内粘度、二乙烯甘油含量、熔点、羧基端组、聚集粒子、粉末等方面分析了纤维级pt芯片的检测结果 。
in the eyes following son , rich brocade scale up of the beauty is engaging , pure such as the face of jade send forth a radiant ray of light and show people heart to concuss perfect creature chi .	在以后的儿子里 , 丰富的宽带大幅度上升 , 纯洁的玉发光面 , 显示出人们心中追求完美的生物精神 。
first , yuanshizhu emperor kublai khan ended after the unification war , firmly once issued an order south demolishing the city city wall , after demolishing strictly prohibited repairing .	首先 , 元石庄皇帝库布莱克汉在统一战争结束后 , 坚决发布了一个南方解除城市墙后 , 严格禁止修复 。
the expression of pdgf a was mainly found in the renal distal tubule and epithelial cells of distal straight tubule and glomerulus capillary , but igf 1 in transplanting artery equal expressed .	pdgf的表达主要是在离子直管和球状管和上皮细胞中发现的 , 但移植动动脉均匀表达的igf1 。
how much people make is " the no . 1 lie , " says julie jansen , a careercoach and author of " i don’t know what i want , but i know it’s not this . " " i tell my clients not to embellish their salaries . "	职业教练朱莉·詹森说: " 我不知道我想要的东西 , 但我知道这并非这样 。 "
the budget of a local government at any level includes revenues turned over by the governments at lower levels and revenues refunded or subsidies granted by the governments at higher levels .	任何水平的地方政府的预算包括政府在低水平下转变的政府收入和收入减少或补贴 。
you may perhaps have some pleasant , thrilling , glorious hourss , even in a poorhouse . the setting sun is reflected from the windows of the almshouse as brightly as from the rich man's abode ;	或许你可能有一些愉快、令人愉快、令人愉快的时间 , 即使在贫困的房子里 , 设置阳光从上面的窗户中反映出来 ;
at least 20 local madrassa students have disappeared , most likely to join the fight in afghanistan , he says , and taliban backers are even trying to stop the traditional music and dancing at weddings .	他说 , 至少20名当地马德拉莎学生已经消失了 , 大多数可能在阿富汗加入战斗 , 塔利班后卫甚至试图阻止传统音乐和舞蹈 。
method according to the criterions of diagnosis and degree established by respiratoy branch of chinese medicine academy , 81 patients of mild or moderate bronchial asthma was selected .	方法根据中药学院呼吸分支的诊断和程度 , 选择81例中性支气管哮喘患者 。
this is based on changes that first appeared during aix 5 . 3 , when you no longer had to turn off strict_maxclient , increase minfrree and maxfree , or reduce minperm , maxperm , and maxclient .	这是根据aix5.3出现的第一次变化 , 当你不再要把严格的maxclient转移 , 增加minfiree和maxperm和maxclient 。
the cboe volatility index or vix . vix , wall street's socalled fear gauge , fell despite a decline in stocks earlier in the day as traders saw fewer reasons to buy protection .	尽管当天早些时候 , 华尔街所谓的恐惧规模下降 , 尽管在商人看到的原因下降 , 股市的波动指数或vix.vix也下降了 。
the council for a parliament of the world's religions has organized meetings in 1999 in cape town , south africa ; in 2004 in barcelona , spain ; and the next is set for 2009 in australia .	世界宗教议会于1999年在南非坎普市举办了会议 ; 2004年 , 西班牙 , 下一次在澳大利亚设立了会议 。
the good news is that h1n1 is hitting north america at the tail end of its flu season . it's possible that the virus may peter out and reappear next autumn , but that gives us months to prepare .	好消息是 , h1n1正在打击北美洲的尾巴季节的尾巴 , 可能是病毒可以在秋天再现 , 但这给我们准备好几个月 。
" it's good to know every game is winnable , " lamar odom said after practice saturday . " so we're down 10 , with seven minutes left , six minutes left , we know that we can come back and win that game .	" 知道每场比赛都是胜利的 , " 拉马奥多星期六说 , " 所以我们下午10分钟左右 , 六分钟 , 我们知道我们可以回来 , 赢得这场比赛 。
importantly , the wellestablished and proven workflow processes of tmcs that feed into corporate clients’ systems rely almost exclusively upon the airline booking and servicing capabilities of gdss .	重要的是 , 成立和证明的tmcs的优良工作流程 , 这些流程可以依赖于gds的航空预订和服务能力 。
the conservative firebrand has signed a multiyear deal to serve as a fox news contributor , the cable channel's executive vice president for programming , bill shine , said in a statement .	在一份声明中 , 保守消防队的副总裁比尔·shine表示 , 保守消防队签署了多年的交易 。
the international community spent an estimated $500 million to bankroll the vote , which senior u . s . and u . n . officials acknowledged in recent weeks would be far from perfect .	最近几周 , 美国高级官员承认 , 国际社会花费了500万美元的估计 , 将远离完美 。
" there is therefore a need to take into account dietary habits when designing studies to assess the association between flavonoidrich foods , antioxidant activity and degenerative disease , " they add .	他们补充道: " 因此在设计研究黄酮类食品、抗氧化活性和变性疾病之间 , 需要考虑饮食习惯 。 "
and then we said you can also achieve octet stability and electron transfer if you look at elements that are just a little bit rich of electrons versus octet stability or a little bit lean of electrons .	然后我们说 , 如果你看电子的元素 , 你也可以实现octet稳定性和电子转移 。
based on high effective locations algorithm and error estimate , improvement of the publickey scheme based on chebyshev maps proposed recently was presented and a key agreement protocol was given .	基于高效的位置算法和误差估计 , 提出了基于切比shev地图的公钥方案改进 , 并给出了一个关键协议 。
six kinds of new schiff base tripodals were prepared by using the triethanolamine , salicylaldehyde , and amines as materials . the synthesis of these compounds are shown as follows .	采用三甲醇、盐醛和氨基甲醛制备了六种新型schiff基三聚氰酸三聚氰胺 。
she had brought up bits of old packing cases and the seats of broken kitchen chairs , and things of that sort , and spread them across from rafter to rafter so as to make a bit of floor .	她带来了一些旧包装案件和破碎厨房椅的座位 , 以及那种类型的东西 , 然后将它们传播到rafter上 , 这样就要做一些地板 。
cocacola south pacific last year ran advertising titled " motherhood &mythbusting , " featuring popular australian actress kerry armstrong and claiming coke was " kiddy safe .	去年 , 可口可乐南太平洋广告称 " 母亲&mybusing " , 其特色是澳大利亚女演员克里·阿姆斯坦 , 声称科迪是 " 孩子安全 " 。
it suggested that the malignant transformation of human embryo lung diploid fibroblast cell strain kmb17 cell could be induced by cofc , which might have potential carcinogenicity to human .	结果表明 , 人胚胎外交纤维细胞应变kmb17细胞的恶性转移可能导致人类的癌症 。
epitaxial growth of lbd and laser on single crystal silicon film quartz substrate or single crystal silicon film quartz substrate deposited buffer layer .	单晶硅薄膜基底或单晶硅薄膜基础上lbd和激光的元素增长 。
private secondary schools are unlikely to succeed in the situation have been beneficial to their own circumstances , to attract highquality source of students , the school must have a high quality .	私立二级学校不可能成功地成功 , 对自己的环境有利 , 吸引高素质的学生来说 , 学校必须有很高的质量 。
conclusion the expression status of her2 is closely related with gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma , the positive expression of her2 is a poor prognosis indicator for gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma .	结论h2的表达状况与胃腺癌密切相关 , 她2的阳性表达是胃癌的预后指标 。
methods: gene chip and rtpcr were used to study expression of cxcr4 mrna in two cell lines and the cxcr4 surface expression was also examined by flow cytometry analysis .	方法:采用基因芯片和rtpcr法对两个细胞线的cxcr4mrna表达及其表达进行了研究 。
the performance nevertheless missed wall street expectations , as the new yorkbased life insurer raised capital for its $15 . 5 billion purchase of american life insurance co . , or alico .	然而 , 纽约生活保险公司在1555亿美元购买美国寿险保险公司或iso时 , 表现永远不会错过华尔街期望 。
build scripts in languages like groovy or ruby are more concise and easier to read . there’s less clutter , boilerplate code , and your build script can be structured better .	如govy或ruby这样的语言中构建脚本更容易阅读 , 更容易 , 还有更少的cutter、boilerate代码 , 您的构建脚本可以更好 。
the fall of rome did not destroy one of the most important tenacious and significant aspects of the old culture , the roman catholic church , which remained and became the central fact for the new culture .	罗马的秋天并没有破坏新文化最重要的张力和重要方面之一 , 罗马天主教堂仍然成为新文化的中心因素 。
mr paisley , who leads the dup , the largest unionist party , is an 80yearold protestant cleric who has spent his life denouncing the very idea of a rapprochement with republican leaders like mr adams .	巴西利先生是一位80岁的抗议员 , 他在与共和党领导的共和党领导人共和党领导人一起共和党领导人共和党领导人共和党人共和国领导人一起共和党的想法 。
in america babyboomers are flooding into retirement ; in europe the market is greying ; and in india and china the large number of graduates masks low numbers of truly highquality candidates .	在美国的婴儿潮流向退休 ; 在欧洲 , 市场正在灰色 ; 印度和中国大量的毕业面积低的候选人数 。
the 1974 neonoir movie “chinatown” was based on the insider land grab by speculators and the bitter water wars the department of water and power fought during the 1930s with owens valley residents .	1974年 , 新生电影 " chinatown " 基于投机者和itter水战争了1930年代欧文谷居民的水力和权力战争 。
on m111 engine test bench , using the test methods specified in gb/t19230 . 62003 , the effect of different oils to deposits at air inlet valve and combustion chamber of the engine is studied .	在gb/t230.62003指定的m11发动机试验台上 , 研究了不同油藏在空气入口阀和燃烧室的试验方法 。
if several hundred thousand more haitians were able to migrate , those dominican , honduran or salvadoran numbers suggest that remittances to haiti would give its economy a huge and continuing jolt .	如果数千多名海地人能够迁徙 , 那些多米尼亚人 , 霍德兰或萨尔沃多利亚人提示 , 海地经济将给予经济带来巨大的困境 。
perhaps people need to remember that china refused tosurrender to the japanese , and kept a third of the japanese armed forcesengaged , preventing them from being diverted to fight other alloed forces .	也许人们需要记得 , 中国拒绝对日本的游客 , 并且保持了三分之一的日本武装力量 , 防止他们被转移到其他合作力量 。
i guess i’m saying that even though i’m not making a significant direct financial input into our family , the volunteer work that i do is significant enough that some people get paid to do it .	我想我说 , 尽管我不会在家里直接投入巨大的直接金融输入 , 但志愿者工作很重要 , 但有些人付出了很多钱 。
vicki back atmosphere was more awkward . < /p> < p> 11 weeks old and rainbow and eat together , two people about good signal if one felt good on the old week to pinch his ear .	维基回大气越来越多 。 </p><p>1周 , 11岁 , 雨弓一起吃 , 两个人在老周感觉好信号 。
relatively new campaigning groups such as uk uncut will be joining traditional political attendees at the festival , including trade unions , as well as antinuclear , green and grassroots groups .	比如英国联合国的相对新活动组将加入传统的政治参与 , 包括贸易联盟、绿色和草原群体 。
the equilibrium temperatures of inclusion in pingbei area are characterized by double peak , which means at least two session of hydrocarbon filling occurred in the reservoir of pinghu formation .	采用双峰特征 , 对平北地区的平衡温度进行了双峰特征 , 这意味着平湖形成储层至少发生两次水碳填充 。
the fluid was so hot that it made upper ordovician palaeotemperature go up 50 °c , and increased the hydrocarbongenerating rate of carbonate rock in ordovician 32 times at least .	上奥多维亚古生物温度高达50°c , 至少有32倍的碳酸碳生成率增加 。
treated with high temperature steam produced by the autoclave and pressure cooker , the influence of high temperature steam treatment on the content of gcg in green tea was studied in this article .	本文研究了高温蒸汽对绿茶含量的影响 。
the geometric model for target hitting analysis of predictive arctype trajectory is set up and its analytical solution is derived . this is a new algorithm for target hitting analysis .	建立了预测弧形轨迹的几何模型 , 并给出了其分析解决方案 , 提出了一种新的目标攻击分析算法 。
in my opinion , having a dinner party can of couse reinforces the friendship among the friends . but it won't be forgoten that we shouldn't lay others' pain aside , while enjoying ourselves .	在我看来 , 有一个晚宴可以加强朋友的友谊 , 但我们不会忘记别人的痛苦 , 而享受自己 。
the pavilion was made out of 12 translucent orange cylinders housing the exhibit's various functions: conference room , information booth , food stand , and advertising column , for example .	例如 , 展览室的各种功能:会议室、信息发布室、食品站和广告列 。
as a gift to 2012 sinoseychelles culture year , the final of global cultural ambassador will be held on pearl on indian oceanbeautiful archipelago country seychelles .	作为2012年中海文化年的礼物 , 全球文化大使将举行在印度海洋美丽的亚芝加拉哥国家赛歇尔 。
the japanese industry pavilion is quite near to the pavilion of urban civilization . japan has always paid great attention to participating in world expos , and surely it will not disappoint you .	日本工业馆与城市文明馆相近 , 日本总是对世界博览有很大的关注 , 确保它不会失望你 。
nowadays , our markets include southern and eastern europe , australia , middle east , southeastern asia and america , and we have regular shipment to many of these destinations monthly .	目前 , 我们的市场包括南欧、东欧、澳大利亚、中东、东南亚和美国 , 我们每月都有规则的货物 。
article 35 2 limit orders for options contracts may state that the order must be executed immediately or else be canceled , or must be executed immediately in full or else be canceled .	第三十五条应当立即执行订单 , 或必须立即执行订单 , 或必须立即执行 。
wellknown for the loyalty to his sovereign , jeong mongju is a poet , scholar and famous minister who believes in confucianism during the gongmin and simwu dynasties of korea .	著名的忠诚主权 , 玉蒙珠是一位诗人 , 学者和著名部长 , 相信朝鲜和朝鲜时期的儒家主义 。
women's or girls' suits , ensembles , jackets , blazers dresses , skirts , divided skirts , trousers , bib and brace overalls , breeches and shorts	女性的服装 , 装饰 , 夹克 , 玻璃裙 , 裙子 , 裙子 , 裙子 , 裤子 , 圣经和手镯整体短裤 。
have " big sen " of business is drawing a voice to draw the color earth as the good believerses or the descriptions in the future fine blue print , or point out future generations maze ;	具有 " 大意识 " 的业务正在绘制一个声音 , 作为良好的信仰者或未来的蓝印刷的描述 , 或指出未来一代疯狂 ;
this result discloses that gekko gecko may improve ovulatory function of patients with anovulatory dysfunctional uterine bleeding , anovulatory infertility , and so on .	结果发现 , gekogecko可以改善卵巢功能障碍性子宫出血、卵巢不孕等 。
objective to illustrate the mechanism and significance of increased diagnostic rate of brachial plexus injuries using electromyographic examination of phrenic and accessory nerves .	目的探讨应用电泳检查和访问神经的增加诊断率的机理和意义 。
by combining with some project example , the bridge navigable clear width are calculated and analyzed . in addition , several advices are put forward for implementing current navigation standard .	结合某些工程实例 , 计算了桥梁可导航宽度 , 并提出了几种建议 , 实现当前导航标准 。
yet there was one more surprise left in this uruguay team , with maxi pereira's injurytime strike turning the last minutes of the game into wetyourpants time for holland's defenders .	然而 , 乌拉队的最后一分钟将比赛转化为荷兰防守者的最后一分钟 。
pop singer mariah carey was born on march 27 , 1970 in huntington , n . y . to an irishamerican opera singer mother and an africanvenezuelan engineer father .	1970年3月27日 , 波普歌手玛丽亚·凯耶出生于亨廷顿 , 到爱尔兰裔歌手和非洲venezelan工程师父亲 。
however grist , the local force's equine liaison officer , cautioned drivers that they could face assault charges if their flag flew off and struck a pedestrian or a cyclist and hurt them .	然而 , 当地军队的平等利亚松官员称 , 如果他们的旗帜飞行 , 或是一个行星上升 , 他们就会面临攻击 。
in 1968 , with memories of the sixday war with israel fresh in arab minds , he caused a furore by kissing a jewish woman , barbra streisand , in the movie funny girl .	1968年 , 与以色列新鲜的六天战争记忆 , 他通过亲吻犹太女人巴布拉·斯雷斯和电影里的女孩 , 导致了四次战争 。
the village stands far behind , and the streams that jog through the soft green valleys all about have as little knowledge of the seas as the threeyear old child of the storms and passions of manhood .	村庄站在后面 , 围绕着软绿谷的溪流 , 一切关于海洋的三年的暴雨和热情 。
their works not only expressed the depressed and discontented history and the palpitate unstable soul of ci poets , but reached the perfect fusion of current affairs and the aesthetic specialty of ci .	他们的作品不仅表达了郁郁郁郁郁郁郁郁郁郁郁郁郁郁郁郁郁郁的历史 , 而且达到了当前事务的美学特色 。
modest pattinson , dubbed rpatz by fans , admitted he was still getting used to the fan hysteria , which kicked off in 2008 when he first played vampire edward cullen in the first twilight movie .	2008年 , 由球迷们所承认 , 他仍然被用于球迷赫斯特斯特尼亚州的rpatz , 当时他第一次在第一次两次电影中第一次演出了vampireedcullen 。
when the crisis unfolded and markets devalued all banks across the board , investors picked up seemingly cheap stock , expecting earnings to normalize in 18 to 24 months , ocampo said .	ocampo说 , 当危机未折叠和市场的时候 , 投资者看起来很便宜的股票 , 预计收益在18至24个月 。
meanwhile , further arms cuts , both hope , might smooth the path to agreement on boosting the battered nuclear nonproliferation treaty at its fiveyearly review in 2010 ;	同时 , 进一步的武器削减 , 希望 , 两者都可以顺利协议在2010年推进电池核不扩散条约的协议 ;
spain's carles puyol scores a goal past germany's goalkeeper manuel neuer during the 2010 world cup semifinal soccer match at moses mabhida stadium in durban july 7 , 2010 .	2010年7月7日 , 2010年世界杯半决赛杯半决赛中 , 西班牙球队在德国球场进球 。
in a sign of increasing confidence in the pace of recovery , ford said it would begin to push its inventory levels over the 400 , 000vehicle level that it has maintained in recent months .	福特在复苏过程中增加信心的迹象表明 , 最近几个月 , 它将开始推动其库存水平 。
downing street said prime minister david cameron has decided to stop using the treasury as his personal photographer of two wages , so as to avoid " the wrong signal to the public release . "	下街表示 , 总理大卫·卡梅隆决定停止使用财政作为他的个人摄影师 , 因此避免 " 公共释放错误信号 " 。
since being elected president in february 2010 , mr yanukovych has moved in two directions , consolidating his personal power but also pursuing economic integration with the european union .	自从2010年2月选举以来 , 元库夫奇先生已经搬进两个方向 , 巩固自己的个人权力 , 也与欧盟采取经济整合 。
other features include electric starter with recoil backup , single lever hydraulic disc front brakes , hydraulic rear foot brake , stamped steel wheels , and comes in indy red .	其他特点包括电动启动器 , 回收器 , 单级液压盘前刹车 , 液压后脚刹车 , 冲压钢轮 , 进入红色 。
on a large television screen the previous day , elisabeth , 42 , had confronted her father with the full horror of her 24year ordeal in hour after hour of harrowing prerecorded testimony .	在前一天的电视屏幕上 , 42岁的伊丽莎白 , 她的父亲面临着她24岁的全恐怖 , 在哈里斯预记录的测试文件之后 。
organizers hope the dinner will raise $185 , 000 for the royal parks , which provided the setting for scenes in the second film in the series , " bridget jones: the edge of reason . "	组织者希望晚餐将提高185 , 000美元的皇家公园 , 这为第二部电影提供了场景 , " 桥琼斯:原因的边缘 。
since independence from britain in 1956 , sudan's northern leaders have fought to extend their power throughout the rebellious south , waging a civil war for all but 11 of the past 48 years .	自1956年 , 苏丹北部领导人在整个反叛南方扩大了他们的权力 , 但过去48年的11年 。
that is , until the great archaeological discoveries of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries , which unearthed for us the great civilizations of the ancient near east , of which i have drawn a remarkably lifelike map ] here on the board: mediterranean , i always start with the mediterranean ocean , the nile river , the tigris and the euphrates .	直到十九世纪伟大的考古发现和十二世纪 , 对于我们来说 , 近东部的伟大文明 , 其中我绘制了一个显著的生命地图 。
sanford c . bernstein analyst jeffrey lindsay estimates yahoo's standalone value at closer to $25 per share , leaving out any deal with microsoft or google . yahoo shares closed at $25 . 72 on tuesday .	桑福德·伯恩斯坦分析师jeffreylndsay估计 , 雅虎的标准价值接近25美元 , 每股25美元 。
and all of a sudden he had a crisis well , i'm not going to get into the depth of it but our banks , because they wanted to make more and more moneyand our investment bank , wall streetkept issuing different paper against mortgages so it made it simple to give a mortgage .	突然他遇到了危机 , 我并不会进入银行深度 , 因为他们想赚更多的钱 , 以及我们的投资银行 , 华尔街头发布不同的抵押贷款 。
copies of these works , totaling 381 bundles , have been distributed so as to render them accessible to european scholars . prof . jayadeva singh writes in his " introduction to madhyamika philosophy " .	这些作品总共分布381条 , 因此 , 把它们发送到欧洲学者 , 杰达瓦教授写到他 " 介绍马达米基哲学 " 。
the japanese artists isobe katsushiro and mizuno ryo continue to follow japanese beau ideal style , one draws the insect world with his pencils , another builds the weird atmosphere with his ball pens .	日本艺术家isobekatshiro和mizunoryo继续遵循日本美丽的理想风格 , 一幅画出了昆虫世界 , 另一幅建造了它的怪物大气氛 。
portugal has several other tourism regions such as douro sul , templários , dãolafões , costa do sol , costa azul , planície dourada , etc . most of them are unknown to tourists and locals alike .	葡萄牙有许多其他的旅游区 , 比如多欧元岛 , 莫尔帕里奥 , 德罗夫斯 , 哥斯塔做了解决 , 科斯塔·奥拉达 , 大多数旅游者都不知道 。
