there is a television in the middle of living room .	住房间中间有一个电视 。
they will spend a lot of money on new buildings .	他们将花很多钱在新的建筑上 。
ifnecessary , we shall send a telegram home .	如果必要的话 , 我们将发送一个电信家 。
and you fixed them up with the plasters in your firstaid kit .	然后 , 你把他们固定在你的第一次aid厨房里 。
the notsosubtle juxtaposition is inescapable .	难以置信的朱克斯塔位置是不可避免的 。
he's pasturing his cattle on the top meadow .	他过去的猫在顶部的地方去了 。
but his teacher commented: " you are not in yet . "	但是他的老师评论: " 你还没有在 。 "
but this was also a year in which the chinese dream showed clearly .	但这也是一年 , 中国梦明显显显显显显显出现的 。
i shall join the lunch on 17 october 2010 .	我要在2010年10月17日加入午餐 。
he can whisper mellifluous nothings in my ear .	他能在我的耳朵里无任何东西 。
the supply of raw material has been greatly reinforced .	原材料的供应大幅增强 。
this kind of walking tractor runs on diesel oil .	这种步行牵引器在柴油上运行 。
i bought a plastic cover for a typewriter .	我买了一个塑料覆盖为类型的作家 。
it had the spiral structure revealed by congo red .	它有刚果红的螺旋结构 。
because we're students we get in free of charge .	因为我们是学生 , 我们自由收费 。
this is what psychologists dream about at night .	这是什么心理学家梦想在夜晚 。
let us know , let us pursue the knowledge of the lord .	让我们知道 , 让我们追求耶和华的知识 。
that he's not going to suddenly be left adrift .	那时他不会突然离开附近 。
to assail with stinging criticism ; excoriate .	为了评价评价评价 ; 专业评论 。
example: a woman is married to mr . zhao .	例如:一个女人嫁给赵先生 。
i won 100 dollars in the scratch lottery .	我赢得了100美元的投资贷款 。
is it too much to ask for a little precipitation ?	这太多要求一点沉淀吗 ?
his efforts were defeated by the forces of reaction .	他的努力受到反应力的击败 。
contact the old knowledge , revealing new lesson .	联系旧知识 , 揭示新的课程 。
and here in london , you have a lot of africans .	在伦敦 , 你有很多非洲人 。
definitely huaqing pool . it's the most famous .	清楚华庆池 , 是最著名的 。
and all my little candle flames burned out ;	所有的小蜡烛燃烧出来 ;
i've called it 'wikiwiki . '	我把它称为 " 威基维基 " 。
sickness is suffering , death is suffering ;	病人受伤 , 死亡受害 ;
indicate the operating sound level for each valve .	指示每个阀门的操作声水平 。
the children were marshalled into straight lines .	孩子们被拉进直线 。
b:here is viewing fish at rower harbor .	布:在哪里 , 看鱼在排行港口 。
at a party in paris after violetta's return .	在巴黎的一次聚会后 , 维罗拉塔回来了 。
some of you have come fresh from narrow jail cells .	有些人来自狭窄的jail细胞 。
salma asks her husband when the couple get home .	当夫妇回家时 , 萨玛问她丈夫 。
i take a deep inhale , depressed at the freshness .	我采取深入的吸入 , 抑郁在新鲜 。
i was an editor in morningstar from 2003 to 2007 .	2003年到2007年早晨 , 我是一名编辑 。
with such a great victory come unreasonably great expectations .	如此伟大的胜利是不合理的预期 。
steven: i have a lot of wark to do in the company recently .	史蒂文:我最近在公司做了很多战争 。
but that of the fixed dunes is the contention between species .	但是 , 固定的鸭子是物种之间的凝聚 。
on hearing that , her face went white to the lips .	在听到那样的时候 , 她的脸向嘴唇走了白色 。
it is not enough to say there is some economic growth .	这并不足以说有些经济增长 。
how dirty the house is ! it has many dust bunnies .	房子多么肮脏 ! 它有许多尘埃的葬礼 。
then joshua let the people go away , every man to his heritage .	然后约书让人们离开 , 每个人都到他的遗产 。
in case there is a collision of characters libra should concede .	例如 , 有一个字符libra的碰撞应该承认 。
on the way home , several passersby wished me well .	在回家的路上 , 几个旅客希望我很好 。
figure 3 shows a screenshot of the doap home page .	图3显示了dap主页的屏幕 。
one car come , one car go , two car bongbong , one people die .	一辆车来了 , 一辆汽车去了两辆汽车 , 一人死了 。
his list ultimately became church policy .	他的列表最终成为教会政策 。
the ancient wild alone and dolphins connector .	古代的野生独自和海豚连接器 。
i swear on my honour that i knew nothing about this .	我对我的荣幸而言 , 我不知道这件事 。
the first concept was the use of the bind/unbind methods .	第一个概念是使用bind/unbind/unbi绑定方法的使用 。
orlando bloom had a couple of broken ribs ;	奥兰多的花朵有几个破碎的肋骨 ;
sophistry is a kind of special negative thought .	索菲里是一种特殊的负面思想 。
i think it's one of the best things about life in london	我认为这是伦敦生活中最好的事情之一 。
okay , we know . this is the opposite of plan 3 .	好的 , 我们知道 , 这是计划3的反对 。
the person , even the child , mose choose for himself .	这个人甚至是孩子 , 摩西选择自己 。
sexologist's home turned into education center	性学家的家庭变成教育中心 。
you can watch the parleys . com keynote .	你可以看到parleys.com键盘 。
storage for ten months in shady room and dry place .	存储10个月的沙迪房间和干燥的地方 。
an option of viewing each of them in detail is given .	详细地给出了每个选项的选项 。
i bought a spray shampoo in a pet shop .	我在一家宠物店买了一个喷雾的沙姆波o 。
those attributes are used by the system and should not be modified .	这些属性被系统使用 , 不应修改 。
this time the croc goes after jack's dog minty .	这个时候 , 杰克的狗小了 。
jalo has forgotten that he fell off his bicycle .	杰罗忘记他自行车下降了 。
attendant: certainly . cream and sugar ?	参加者:当然 , 奶油和糖 ?
his reception however was of the most flattering kind .	他的接待却是最平坦的种类 。
tan mei met john at the park again .	谭梅又在公园再见约翰 。
i have lost my dictionary . please lend me yours .	我已经失去了我的词典 , 请给我留下你的词典 。
why is english article use so difficult ?	为什么英语文章如此困难 ?
that's how we got to the fahrenheit scale .	这就是我们如何得到法国的范围 。
she rarely spoke , she had no connection with the world .	她很少说话 , 她没有与世界联系 。
the loops are connected by a crossover section .	循环由交叉区连接 。
krämer: i find the us initiative highly problematic .	克拉默:我发现美国的倡议高度问题 。
don't go for a usual all things tech blog .	不要去通常所有的事情博客 。
no . that’s how people refer to little girls .	不 , 这是人们如何引用小女孩 。
she waited patiently for frances to finish .	她耐心等待法国完成 。
all locks have the following basic attributes	所有锁都有下面的基本属性
b: these are the various kinds of packing for pliers .	b:这些是各种各样的包装 , 用于推荐者 。
directly across was the arco building .	直接穿过阿科建筑 。
c1400 the great vowel shift begins .	c1400年 , 伟大的vowel转移开始 。
this is called the monotonic property of entailment .	这被称为 " 零售 " 单子属性 。
they are my older brother and younger sister .	他们是我的弟弟和妹妹 。
so , what does the family protect behoove to do ?	所以 , 家庭的保护是什么 ?
oh fiona found out she had some money in her pocket .	哦 , 福拿发现她在口袋里有一些钱 。
" none of us had ever been one on one with him , " she said .	她说: " 没有人和他一起曾经有过过过过过一次 , 没有人在他身上 。 "
now before magnycours we had a very strong test there .	现在 , 在磁学校之前 , 我们有一个非常强大的测试 。
amy is smaller than sue . sue is smaller than lee .	艾米比苏伊小 , 苏伊比李小 。
there’s no getting away from it , if you’re irish .	如果你是爱尔兰 。
soft skin , red lips , so kissable .	柔软的皮肤 , 红唇 , 所以可吻 。
note that metadata is stored in the storage cluster .	注意 , 元数据存储在存储集群中 。
he is perfect as the sensitive but strong reporter .	他作为敏感但强大的记者 , 他是完美的 。
all it sees are elements that all look and behave the same .	它看起来都是所有的元素 , 并且行为相同的 。
a file system must be unmounted to be reformatted .	必须将文件系统卸载为改革 。
lady: you mean , you were posessed ? father ?	女士:你说 , 你是否拥有吗 ? 父亲 ?
have a meatless monday recipe you think we should try ?	周一你觉得我们应该尝试吗 ?
supports j1939 through software switch setting .	支持j1939通过软件开关设置支持j1939 。
my students have been working with the star festival .	我的学生一直在与星节工作 。
the winner is the first to draw three people in one space .	胜利者是第一次在一个空间中绘制三个人 。
" three ! " zhang bin simply answer .	" 三 ! " 张斌简单回答 。
look no further than the amazing muscle maker !	看起来没有进一步比令人惊讶的肌肉制造商 !
eyebrows glued up into tiny peaks .	眼睛浏览成小峰 。
abandoned away by her lover , she pined away .	离开她的爱人离开了她的爱人 , 她离开了 。
listing 2 is an example php function .	清单2是一个例子php函数 。
the lucky ones do not always have the best .	幸运的是 , 不总是有最好的 。
administrative districts: 10 parishes .	行政区:10个公寓 。
the news sent a shudder through the audience .	新闻通过观众发送了一名欺骗者 。
the batteries then drive motors in the wheels .	然后 , 电池在轮子里驱动电机 。
please return the completed form to your school .	请向学校返回完成的形式 。
a picture worths one thousand words .	一张照片价值一千个字 。
i feel this is entirely the wrong answer .	我觉得这完全是错误答案 。
inside the firewall , there is no anonymity .	在火墙内 , 没有匿名性 。
the snow , frost , and hail return .	雪 , 冰冻 , 冰雹回来 。
the tyres were old and had been smooth .	这座轮胎老了 , 已经平滑了 。
your partner may be somewhat irritable this week .	你的合作伙伴本周可能是可怕的 。
i have been acting contrary to all my sense of right ;	我一直对我所有的权利行动相反 ;
remove chain drive wheel from crankshaft .	移除链驱动轮从canks轴移动 。
he is almost a herolike character on the campus .	他几乎是在校园的英雄特色 。
but fate did not give them the opportunity to continue .	但命运并没有给他们提供机会继续 。
i am going to redraw it horizontally .	我要把它重新重新重新排列 。
shoes are too close together on conveyor .	鞋子在传送机上太近了 。
taxidriver : ok . is that your luggage ?	泰西德里弗:好吧 , 是你的行李吗 ?
increment real constant table number by rinc .	增加真实的不断表数由rinc 。
he was sent by his father to go to college .	他被父亲送往大学 。
" we need more of this kind of thing , " one shouts .	" 我们需要更多的事情 , " 一声喊道 。
the soviet knight is dying inside his armor .	苏联骑士在他的arar中死亡 。
water went down his throat and he started to choke .	水从喉咙下来 , 他开始选择 。
she has looks like flowers and spirit like jade .	她看起来像花和精神一样 。
what kind of land do they live in ? is it good or bad ?	他们住在什么地方呢 ? 好还是坏吗 ?
we prepared a picnic and drove down by the river .	我们准备了一条金枪 , 用河驱下来 。
hurt , injure , or otherwise maim the bastard .	伤害 , 伤害 , 伤害 , 或者否则最大伤害 。
no , i think you can go . i don't even get flan ?	不 , 我觉得你能去 , 我甚至不能得到旗帜吗 ?
from the day’s chores , pause a minute	从那天的chores中 , 把一分钟放在一会儿 。
what christ said to his mother made her want to cry .	基督对他的母亲说 , 她想哭 。
ireland reports the lowest temperature in 50 years .	爱尔兰报道 , 50年内最低温度 。
if you think of ideas as these more abstract things .	如果你想像这些抽象的东西 , 那么你就像这些想法一样 。
ater a semester , i yearn to see may parents .	一个学期 , 我一年去看可能父母 。
if you don't , she's not likely to call you back .	如果你不会 , 她不可能叫你回来 。
methods raw material dissolved in methanol ;	方法对甲醇中原材料溶解 ;
e is for her eyes , with love—light shining .	对于她的眼睛来说 , 爱情是闪烁的 。
but credit is the lifeblood of the car business .	但是信用是汽车业务的生命血液 。
there is a sequence imposed on you by the author .	作者对你有一个序列 。
do you have the experience to go out in your pajama ?	你是否有经验去你的帕贾马出去吗 ?
its legs are short and strong with hard hairs .	它的腿很短 , 硬毛很强 。
my brother and his wife are a happy couple .	我的兄弟和他的妻子是一对快乐的夫妇 。
but there is much uncertainty about what it will involve .	但是 , 关于它将涉及的事情有很多不确定性 。
and so we get mired in decisionmaking quicksand .	所以我们在决策快速的时候感到厌烦 。
i'm going straight home after the play . what about you ?	我在玩完后就会直接回家了 , 你怎么办呢 ?
his actions were not in consonance with his words .	他的行为并非与他的言语组成一致 。
this is my father . he's tall and strong .	这是我的父亲 , 他高又强壮 。
but they were too terrified to fall asleep .	但是他们太恐怖了睡眠 。
and what he does is writes this equation here .	他所做的事情是在这里写这个方程 。
he was a pagan ... who worshiped idols .	他是一只帕根...谁崇拜的偶像 。
in that numbers game it converged to 1 .	在那个数字游戏中 , 它将转换为1 。
please change to a single room with a bath .	请改变单房间 , 洗澡 。
but the thing about change is it’s disruptive .	但是 , 关于变化的事情是这是令人失望的 。
the executioner had never seen anything like this !	执行官从来没有看过任何东西 , 就像这样 !
overjoyed , she dashed out of the house .	过度喜欢 , 她冲出房子 。
bitterness imprisons life ; love releases it .	苦涩的生命 ; 爱释放它 。
it turned our homes into funeral tents .	它把我们的房子转换成葬礼帐篷 。
or maybe curiosity is a better word .	或许幸运是一个更好的词 。
so this is where the mixing of the solute comes in .	所以这是解决方案混合的地方 。
can you give me a lift to the next town ? ;	你能把我送到下一个城镇吗 ?
enter a few new lines after the input box .	输入箱后输入几条新行 。
a:what did uncle green come here for ?	阿:没有英国绿色来到这里吗 ?
request that all communication be in writing .	请求所有通信都在写作中 。
miniskirts were in fashion last summer .	去年夏天 , 小女孩在时尚 。
it can even cause disharmony in a family .	它甚至可以在家庭中引起disharmony 。
a site has been chosen for the new school .	一所网站被选为新学校 。
he replaced his brother as goalkeeper .	他取代了他的兄弟 , 作为进球员 。
this tea tasted of orange blossoms .	这茶味着橙色的花朵 。
karen zhou is perhaps an exception .	卡伦周也许是一个例外 。
conductor: silverplated copper wire ;	导电器:镀铜线 ;
i haven't recovered from jet lag yet .	我还没有从喷气层中恢复过来 。
a torch symbolizes the brightness .	火炬象征着亮度 。
the moon shines fully into west tower .	月亮充满了西塔 。
he raised those goats from newborn kids .	他从新生儿童提高了这些山羊 。
but first , someone had to get them into their transport tanks .	但首先 , 有人必须把他们放进他们的交通坦克中 。
display them in their rooms when they’re done .	当他们做的时候 , 显示他们的房间 。
then light the thing on fire and burn it .	然后照亮火上的东西 , 燃烧它 。
other chapters are available in our elibrary .	其他章节在我们的图书馆中可用 。
keep in mind that is bad is not abandoned .	记住那是坏的 , 没有被抛弃 。
still , no matter what , the debt will be huge .	然而 , 不管怎样 , 债务将是巨大的 。
i remember back then , i met you on my way home .	然后我记得回来 , 我在我家的路上遇见你 。
we stopped the clock at $3200 per head .	我们停止每头3200美元的钟 。
if you had clock problems , you will need to fix those .	如果你有钟问题 , 您需要修复这些 。
juicers equipment , users need to contact me .	司法设备 , 用户需要接触我 。
the policy doesnot base on the will of the people .	政策不会根据人民的意愿 。
he was dozing in the hammock when i called .	当我打电话时 , 他正在打开汉堡 。
please attach a passportsized photo .	请附上一张护照大小照片 。
elephant , your ears are like cymbals .	大象 , 你的耳朵像胞胎一样 。
rooster: hey , are you free friday ?	罗斯特:嘿 , 周五你是免费的吗 ?
figure 3 . roundrobin's at the top !	图3.roundrobin的顶部 !
i overdid it at work and damaged my heart .	我忽略了工作 , 伤害我的心脏 。
i felt some breeze in that one . smile .	我觉得那个笑容里有些风吹 。
greenfly can literally suck a plant dry .	绿飞可以通过植物吸收干燥 。
attacking midfielder , 18 , river plate	攻击中场 , 18岁 , 18岁的河板 。
by the way , i don't want a night flight .	到了这样的情况下 , 我不想一夜航班 。
he missed the bus , because he got up late .	他失去了公共汽车 , 因为他迟到 。
the huntsman entered the forest , gun in hand .	猎人进入森林 , 手中枪 。
our readers don’t like you . i don’t like you .	我们的读者不喜欢你 , 我不喜欢你 。
a knowledgable man knows he has limited knowledge .	一个知识的人知道他有限的知识 。
well , we could consider not putting in item 0 .	嗯 , 我们可以考虑不放在项目0中 。
why are all the best parties found on islands ?	为什么所有最好的派对都是在岛屿上找到的 ?
have the straight and uppercut , many changes .	有直立和上切 , 许多变化 。
the landlord put a new stove in my room .	地主把一个新炉放在我的房间里 。
the company is a world leader in electrical goods .	公司是一家电子产品的世界领导人 。
more than a twirling wobble is implied .	超过一双双螺旋毛被隐含 。
the theory of fermi operator is developed .	研制了fermi操作符的理论 。
a deepening happens , as you teach .	一个深刻的发生 , 正如你教学的那样 。
we don't know him ! " exclaimed meg .	我们不知道他 ! " 麦格说 。
next , you need to give it some data to parse .	接下来 , 您需要给它一些数据解析 。
hiti te9 hammer drill for each bay .	hitite9锤钻每个湾 。
he looked so dispirited i took pity on him .	他看起来那么令人惊讶的是 , 我在他身上拿了一张照片 。
that was my first love , and i suspect hers , too .	这是我第一次爱 , 我也怀疑她 。
do you require trading in nonhk stocks ?	你是否需要在非hk股票交易 ?
vatel has been in my family for over 20 years now .	瓦特尔现在已经在我家里了20多年 。
an old dog will learn no new tricks .	一只老狗不会学到新的小狗 。
minutes of board committee meetings	五分钟董事会会会议会议 。
people found hoarding during the famine were punished .	人们在饥荒中找到了保护 。
fish begins to stink at the head .	鱼开始在头上稳定 。
the connection member has a tapered hole .	连接成员拥有一个高级的孔 。
distinguish between an lvalue and rvalue .	在l值和r值之间区别 。
shine , and you cannot have any dissents .	shine , 你不能拥有任何不可缺点 。
okay . i have five minutes left .	好吧 。 我有五分钟离开 。
it's a time thing for the elephants .	这是大象的一段时间 。
tensiometers can be made small enough .	张力计可以做到足够小的 。
how far away is dalian from lvshun ?	远离大连来自lvshun的大连 ?
where are the lightning arresters installed ?	安装的灯光逮捕器在哪里 ?
you have the same warm , sincere heart .	你有同样的温暖 , 诚挚的心 。
yet china quickly upended this consensus .	然而中国迅速上升这个共识 。
who will win the battle for the backbones ?	谁会为背骨赢得战斗 ?
it urges you , instead , to live .	它鼓励你 , 相反 , 生活 。
i remember coming here once years ago .	我记得今年前来到这里 。
health administers to peace of mind .	健康管理人员对心灵和平进行平 。
marty tried to keep his head during the fire .	玛丽试图在火中保持他的头 。
see ? picky eaters like food , too .	看看吗 ? 比如食物 , 还有 。
his eyes gleamed with relief and joy .	他的眼睛看起来是快乐的 。
" now we have to be sustainable , " he said .	" 现在我们必须是可持续的 , " 他说 。
there are lots of places to get startup capital .	有很多地方来获得启动资本 。
they are independent yet they are complementary .	他们仍然是独立的 , 他们是互补的 。
the soldiers bedded down in a barn .	士兵在一条栏里躺下来 。
the environment not bad , quite clean .	环境不坏 , 非常清洁 。
michelle: i didn’t know you were going .	迈克尔:我不知道你正在去 。
he lowered his voice to a whisper .	他把他的声音降到一名威斯特 。
japan gas appliances inspection assn .	日本气体设备检查assn 。
oh , he's a white sox fan ?	哦 , 他是一个白色的sox风扇吗 ?
a love triangle of the most grotesque kind .	最喜爱的三角形 。
always take your finesses , ' she said .	她说: " 总是带着你的财务 , 总是带着你的财务 。 "
no , thanks . i'm quite full .	不 , 谢谢 。 我很完全 。
a partial interest of any nature is insurable .	任何自然的部分利益都是可保证的 。
i hope he can see the movie next time .	我希望下次他能看到电影 。
soup henqing , almost no oil .	汤亨庆 , 几乎没有油 。
both these books and those clothes are mine .	这些书和那些衣服都是我的 。
sit cross legged on the floor .	坐在地板上 。
but it is also an existential struggle .	但是这也是一个存在的斗争 。
the ship struck the rocks head on .	这艘船在船上打破岩石头 。
he was driven by necessity to steal .	他被必要的驱动到偷窃 。
in our class there are fiftyone students .	在我们班里有五十个学生 。
i ' ll buy that for a dollar !	我要买那美元 !
you delight to fish in troubled waters .	你很高兴在麻烦的水中钓鱼 。
i will take my leave , like a butterfly .	我将带我的叶子 , 像一只蝴蝶一样 。
i want a 3piece mafiastyle suit .	我想要一个3picemafiastyle适合 。
pasquale giunta: sure there are .	帕萨尔·吉尼塔:确保有 。
the designated holotype species has not been found .	指定的蜂窝类型已没有发现 。
but nobody saw her copying the name .	但是没有人看到她的名字 。
oxen have made great contributions to the world .	牛津给世界带来了巨大的贡献 。
put the long ruler in the pencil box .	把长期的统治者放在铅笔箱里 。
others say only if they cheat , or abuse you .	有些人说 , 只要他们欺骗 , 或滥用你 。
how do you cope when your brain locks up ?	大脑锁起时 , 你怎么看待 ?
i would fly to the moon if i had wings .	如果我有翅膀 , 我会飞到月球 。
honey , where is my benz actually ?	蜂蜜 , 我的贝尼实际上是什么 ?
this tree . times when it was , were young .	这棵树的时候 , 是年轻的时候 。
and , after all , we are harvard so we know .	毕竟 , 我们是哈佛的 , 所以我们知道 。
the umpire lost his cap and his cool .	这个umpire失去了他的帽子和他的冷却 。
one 1970 stop still gives him chills .	一九七十年代 , 仍然给他带来了寒冷 。
then he punches tweener in the chest .	然后 , 他在胸部打了tweener 。
defarge was pleased at their arrival .	国防部很高兴他们的到来 。
i wanted greenberg to be my pollster .	我想要格林伯格成为我的调查员 。
he also wrote preface for the monograph .	他还写了一个单本书的前提 。
violet said that she would reach the border .	维罗拉特说 , 她将达到边界 。
the man abstracted a pen from my pocket .	男人从我的口袋里抽了一笔笔 。
she will run over her lines in the evening .	她将在晚上跑过她的线路 。
he plays the violin better than mary .	他比玛丽踢得更好 。
he splashed in the heavy rain .	他在大雨中喷出来 。
" why ? " tom snorted .	" 为什么 ? " 汤姆呼吸道 。
does she always dress that badly ?	她总是穿那件坏吗 ?
we'll have to start when sophia gets back .	我们必须在索菲亚回来时开始 。
i watched the cow when she said moo !	当她说妈妈时 , 我看了牛仔 !
dennis , what're you talking about ?	丹尼斯 , 你在谈论什么 ?
the steak is as tough as leather . ;	牛排像皮革一样坚韧 ;
sue: do you have don's number ?	苏:你有没有数字吗 ?
how long does it take to make an evening dress ?	晚上有多长时间 , 要做一件衣服 ?
cataracts can affect your vision .	猫猫能影响你的视觉 。
washing machine motor vbelts ;	洗涤机电机v带 ;
the young tree has struck root .	年轻的树木有一根松根 。
she licked the honey off the spoon .	她把蜜蜂从勺子里拿出来 。
let's learn english songs .	让我们学英语歌曲 。
because it has to drop off precipitously .	因为它必须明显降低 。
b:yes , it's getting dark .	是的 , 是的 , 它正在黑暗 。
we owe our existence to these variations .	我们允许我们对这些变化的存在 。
so you take two documents and diff them .	所以你需要两个文档 , 挖掘它们 。
what makes a good system verification tester ?	怎样让一个良好的系统验证测试器 ?
a: what would say was the lowest point in your point ?	答:你们的点是最低的点呢 ?
we learn not in school , but in life .	我们学不到学校 , 但在生活中 。
li lei beat jim and won the first place .	李利打败吉姆 , 赢得第一位 。
que: did you have sex every time she came ?	魁:每当她来时你都有性感吗 ?
one feels so alone when it is cold .	一个人在冷时感觉如此孤独 。
he is the only son in a family of three .	他是三个家庭唯一的儿子 。
thank you for calling japan airlines .	谢谢您为日本航空公司打电话 。
may the lord save us from all heresies .	愿耶和华拯救我们从所有遗产中拯救 。
piani would tell them they had shot me .	钢琴会告诉他们他们有枪击我 。
where is monsieur le maire going ?	在哪里 , 李梅尔去哪里 ?
you win some , you lose some . that is life .	你赢得了一些 , 你失去了一些 。 这是生命 。
then we could insist on that target ;	然后我们可以坚持这个目标 ;
that year , that day , we are stranger .	那一年 , 那天 , 我们是陌生人 。
his body was found in the floor hole .	他的身体被发现在地板洞里 。
knive are used to cut things .	knive被用来切割东西 。
how can jiancaigong without rain !	如何不雨雨雨 , 天山如何才能建通 !
peace is always relational .	和平总是相互关系 。
what do jack russells do ?	杰克·鲁塞尔怎么做 ?
do not lure her away from her duty .	不要让她离开她的职责 。
did the wisteria blossom this year ?	今年 , 威斯特尼亚的花朵是吗 ?
i wonder what this night will bring .	我想知道今晚这会带什么东西 。
you forgive me for being so pathetic .	你原谅我是如此痛苦的 。
we walked far into the woods .	我们走进树林里 。
a:forgive me for interrupting you .	阿:为了解决你们的话 , 我为了让我感到困惑 。
jeff loves to play with jayden .	jeff喜欢与杰登玩耍 。
i don't want to be told grow up .	我不想要被告知增长 。
it is not that you are just vegetating .	不过你只是蔬菜 。
before you get another oil change , stop !	在你得到另一个油改变之前 , 停止停止 !
the intruders shot up the town .	入侵者们射击城镇 。
there are not apples on the appletree .	苹果树上没有苹果 。
all things change , and we change with them .	所有事情都改变了 , 我们和他们改变了 。
so they drove boner out of the door .	所以他们驾车从门上走出来 。
i think their last win was just a fluke .	我认为他们最后一场胜利只是一场流感 。
besides , he is only a baby .	此外 , 他只是一个婴儿 。
lily some money me the other week .	李莉莉是另一个星期的钱 。
it was paisley's first visit .	这是巴西利第一次访问 。
they're rewarded for their waiting .	他们在等待他们的时候得到奖励 。
i'm trying to sleep .	我试着睡觉 。
both can be treated with braces .	两者都可以用手术治疗 。
and its government is enraged .	而且它的政府被抓住 。
there is a purple from below .	下面有一个紫色 。
can i get a mike in on patrick ?	我能在帕特里克获得一个麦克吗 ?
i heard somebody skirling .	我听到有人跳舞 。
he is the sower of the good seed .	他是好种子的草原 。
we have to change trains at didcot .	我们必须改变德科特的火车 。
beat me half to death with it .	打我半人死去 。
he ate too many hamburgers .	他吃太多的汉堡 。
she was popeyed with amazement .	她很喜欢吃惊 。
and then art on the weekends .	然后在周末艺术 。
how big is a wolf's track ?	一个狼的轨道是多大的 ?
large artery distensibility ;	大动脉可溶性 ;
this completes the installation .	这完成了安装 。
he just dabbles in politics .	他只是在政治上大胆 。
the bill was sent to her room .	这个法案被送到她的房间 。
is your car manual or automatic ?	您的汽车手册或自动化 ?
it helps you not be inside so much .	它有助于你不会在那么多的内部 。
that's what i think finance is about .	这是我认为金融是关于什么 。
throw it at him ! i dare you !	把它扔在他身上 ! 我敢你 !
what is unique about the program ?	程序的独特性是什么 ?
why could i never please them ?	为什么我从来没有请他们吗 ?
welcome to the new dad guide !	欢迎来到新爸爸的指导 !
losers hangout with losers .	失败者和失败者一起丧失 。
a feeling of shame came over her .	一个羞耻的感觉来到她 。
fasten seatbelt at all times .	所有时候 , 都有座带 。
examine if this is a pattern .	检查如果这是一个模式 。
he really cares about his family .	他真的关心他的家庭 。
this brings me to my question .	这给我带来了我的问题 。
please drive a bit faster!	请快速驱动一点快 !
tingting seems nervous .	丁丁似乎紧张 。
it is for bird watchers .	这是鸟类观察员 。
she banged up the receiver .	她把接收者挂起来 。
i like your new hair style .	我喜欢你的新发型 。
her hands smelt of fish .	她的手味着鱼 。
but there's reason for hope .	但是 , 希望有理由 。
how did my papers get out of order ?	我的论文如何从秩序出发 ?
she had a shock and conked out .	她有一个冲击 , 然后走出来 。
how can you put a price on life ?	你怎样把价格放在生命上呢 ?
hope you understand what , hehe .	希望你知道什么 , 他是怎么理解的 。
i slept like a fat cat .	我睡得像一只脂肪猫 。
oh , so you feel the same way !	哦 , 所以你觉得相同的方法 !
rf output power over 4w ;	rf输出功率超过4w ;
many different leadership styles work .	许多不同领导风格的工作 。
you have many ways to kill your time .	你有很多方法杀死你的时间 。
here are so many oil jars .	这里有很多石油罐 。
one rope here , one rope there .	一个绳子 , 一个绳子 。
let's tie the knot !	让我们把刀绑在那里 !
this service defines three operations	这个服务定义了三个操作 。
he spends gold like soil .	他花黄金像土壤一样 。
let's take these in turn .	让我们把这些转换成 。
power elevation mill head .	电力高压机头 。
that gives me the creeps .	这给我带来了这条树皮 。
ianto: that's just me .	安托:那只是我 。
we are the host of andaz .	我们是安德萨兹的主机 。
it was from the sugar i think .	这是从我想的糖中来的 。
but why the redemption ?	但是为什么这次退休为什么 ?
he is only a child of three .	他只是三个孩子 。
i think beyonce is hot !	我觉得超越太热了 !
and put bomb craters in there .	然后把炸弹炮放在那里 。
the civets play two roles .	电视剧演奏了两个角色 。
i've taken some small classes .	我拿了一些小班 。
join a startup and get stock .	加入启动并获得股票 。
slide out onto a large plate .	滑到一个大板上 。
well , i love madrid !	嗯 , 我爱马德里 !
it does have intentions .	它有注意力 。
do you have nosebleed ?	你有鼻子吗 ?
faugh dead u over !	欺骗死了 !
what is the name of that process ?	这个过程的名字是什么 ?
one of my asq friend...	我的asq朋友之一...
of course i will come back .	当然我会回来 。
the other seven are tiny .	另外七个是小的 。
are you a selfstarter ?	你是个自我标志吗 ?
create a . toc file .	创建一个.tc文件 。
but it still does me good service .	但是它仍然是我做好的服务 。
yeah . that's right .	是的 , 这是对的 。
so , what do i do with this ?	所以 , 我和此做什么呢 ?
when did you start to act ?	当你开始行动时 , 你开始行动呢 ?
would you like shampoo ?	你喜欢hampoo吗 ?
my greatgrandmother .	我的伟大的母亲 。
that’s my girl .	这是我的女孩 。
we all are from shandong .	我们都来自山东 。
are you a working poor ?	你是一个工作贫穷的 ?
i learn chinese every day .	我每天都学习中国人 。
but the gang goes on .	然而 , 这个恒星会继续上去 。
he liked to do the same .	他喜欢做同样的事情 。
what's montague ?	什么是蒙特拉 ?
time never comes back .	时间永远不会回来 。
as in organ donor .	正如在组织捐赠商 。
are you a salesman ?	你是一个销售商吗 ?
we just don't know .	我们只是不知道 。
that can be done .	这可以做到 。
i love my job !	我喜欢我的工作 !
trust is low .	信任低 。
these are foundational .	这些是基础的 。
i could feel it !	我能感觉到它 !
d a digit	d一个数字dd 。
electronic truck scale construction process is simple and fast .	电子卡车规模施工过程简单 , 快速 。
almighty father rushed to rescue these lost lambs you ...	父亲匆匆匆匆救这些失去的羔羊...
the customer and developer negotiate a fixed price for the project .	客户和开发商谈判项目的固定价格 。
photo club took a photo shooting trip to mendocino ... more .	摄影俱乐部采取了一个照片拍摄旅行 , 去孟多诺...
so the choice we make in our mid20s has to be a pretty smart one .	所以 , 我们在20世纪中期做出的选择必须是一个非常聪明的 。
but if i want a unit vector , then i should scale this down to length one .	但是如果我想要一个单元向量 , 那么我应该把这段时间缩小到长度 。
weibian has vast iron inkstone wear , kousong notes that year hand .	威比亚有巨大的铁墨石 , 香港注意到那年的手 。
they will continue mr . kabe as acting principal of the school .	他们将继续将卡比先生作为学校主任的行动 。
let this represent the total energy of the incident electron .	让这个代表了事故电子的总能量 。
in recent years , aquaporins in the brain become a research hotspot .	近几年来 , 大脑中的水质成为研究热点 。
in the biological sense it's selfdecoding , storing and scanning .	在生物学意义上 , 它是自编码、存储和扫描 。
being unwanted , or failing to fulfil the expectations of parents	毫无疑问 , 或者不能完成父母的期望 。
fight the rapids as you kayak and raft down the vast mekong river .	战斗快速 , 当你卡雅克时 , 把大量的孟加河冲下来 。
disk systems will repair themselves or can be left unrepaired for years .	磁盘系统将修复自己 , 或者可以留下几年不修复 。
i practiced facial expressions , and i snarled like a wolf .	我实践了面部表达 , 我像一只狼一样滑雪 。
this happens five or six times . the monkey is very angry .	这发生了五或六次 , 猴子很愤怒 。
so we think the dwarf mutant " ddf1 " was ga insensitive .	所以我们认为dwarf突变 " ddf1 " 是气敏感的 。
and as it is in the floral tribe , so it is in god's kingdom .	正如在佛罗里部落的那样 , 所以在上帝的王国 。
there are many legends concerning the origins of lantern festival .	有许多传奇关注兰特节的起源 。
and in the case of women , that often included sexual assault .	而在妇女的情况下 , 这通常包括性假设 。
leep is an effective way to prevent the generation of cervical carcinoma .	睡眠是防止宫颈癌发生的有效途径 。
close the gate of the pen properly to prevent the sheep from getting away .	亲近笔门的门口 , 以防止羊离开 。
and the multitudes hearing it , were in admiration at his doctrine .	多态听到了它 , 是在他的医学上受到赞赏 。
paramedic: i see you've caught yourself a maroon shark .	参数化:我看到你自己被抓到了一只马龙鲨鱼 。
all right , mammy . i'll teach her to ride sidesaddle .	好的 , 妈妈 。 我要教她去骑边的 。
it provides the opportunity to test unrelated applications running together .	它为一起运行相关应用程序提供了机会 。
taihao had another name , fuxi , one of an ancient three emperors .	台海有另一个名字 , 福西 , 一个古代三皇帝之一 。
twists can help detoxify the internal organs and lymphatic system .	twists可以帮助降解内脏器官和淋巴系统 。
male mallard ducks are famous for their long , spiraling genitalia .	雄性马拉德鸭是他们长期以来著名的 , 脊髓炎 。
even though that solves the immediate problem , the problem can still occur .	尽管如此解决立即问题 , 问题仍然会发生 。
see then that ye walk circumspectly , not as fools , but as wise .	看到那个你走的时候 , 不像愚蠢一样 , 却像智慧一样 。
rubber mount ; finite element modeling ; static elastic characteristic ;	橡胶山 ; 有限元模型 ; 静弹性特征 ;
create china world cup bid shanghai langao road stadium construction ;	创造中国世界杯比赛上海拉加罗道体育场 ;
however , in hsr territory , the issue is even more important .	然而 , 在hsr领域中 , 问题更重要 。
it's up to you whether you go or not . but i only have time on weekend .	这对你来说是否会不会 , 但我只有周末才有时间 。
personally , i think his biggest drawback is that like as one or more dualuse .	个人来说 , 我认为他的最大的抽屉是 , 像一个或多个双重 。
she gets pretty drunk and stumbles home in the wrong direction .	她在错误方向上喝得非常醉 , 模仿了家庭 。
the num received payments from the trade unions of afghanistan .	数字从阿富汗贸易联盟收到支付 。
being aware that we only have one life to live also reinforces that conviction .	意识到我们只有一个生命 , 还能加强这种信念 。
this joy is unthinkable divided cheap wow gold from the peasants .	这个快乐是不可思议的 , 来自农民的廉价的黄金 。
anyone who does not deny himself on that day must be cut off from his people .	每天没有否认自己的任何人都必须从他的人民中削减 。
fancy hotels are beginning to accommodate both man and pets .	酒店开始适应男宠和宠物 。
tracing the significance of wanxian incident and roar , china !	追踪万仙事件和罗马的意义 , 中国 !
cath: hello , i'm cath , cath jones . what's your name ?	凯瑟:你好 , 我是凯瑟·琼斯 , 凯瑟·琼斯 , 你的名字是什么 ?
mami is thinner friends are quite good , all my best wishes to all .	妈妈是瘦的朋友很好 , 我最好希望所有的愿望 。
behind this jolt was one of the world's most concentrated property bubbles .	这个螺杆后面是世界上最集中的财产泡沫之一 。
brownie , birdy and cowcow drank the honey cheerfully .	布朗妮 , 鸟儿和牛仔喝蜂蜜 。
okay that's a straightforward either or . isn't it ?	好的 , 这是一个直接前进的 , 或者 , 没有它吗 ?
consumable market prosperity is stable , supply of goods is enough .	可消费市场繁荣稳定 , 货物供应足够 。
and everybody was very against them , the bookstore , because , you know ,	每个人都对他们非常反对 , 书店 , 因为你知道 。
bonds payable are the typical example of longterm liabilities .	债券支付是长期债券的典型例子 。
you are probably aware that in a database , data is stored in tables .	您可能意识到在数据库中 , 数据存储在表中 。
you could also try using some for the advanced commands in google .	您还可以尝试使用一些用于google的先进命令 。
they have also stirred emotions in the greek american community .	他们也在希腊社区的情感激烈 。
countylevel cities have both urban and rural dual characteristics .	县级城市既有城市和乡村双重特征 。
he will be sorely missed . he was a great president , " he said . "	他说: " 他真的会错过 , 他是一个伟大的总统 。 "
a slight , metallic sound , as of coins rattling in a pocket .	一个稍微的金属声音 , 像一只口袋里的硬币一样 。
i'm finishing , there's no point in making a song and dance about it .	我正在完成 , 没有一首歌曲和舞蹈的角色 。
stop messing about , boys ! i'm trying to do some reading .	停下来 , 男孩 ! 我试图做一些阅读 。
trace hooks can be applied at the entry or exit of any function .	跟踪钩可应用于任何函数的入口或出口 。
i came on business before , but this time i'm here to sightsee .	我在商业前来了 , 但这次我在这里看到 。
" summer hours " are a longestablished institution in the us .	" 夏季小时 " 是美国最长的机构 。
it seems most chinese people use a modified emule that abuse servers .	似乎大多数中国人使用了一个修改的emule , 滥用服务器 。
gloucester board of real estate or financial plans bureau .	房地产或金融计划局的格鲁斯特董事会 。
her testimony helped put several of the perpetrators behind bars .	她的睾丸帮助把几个超越器放在酒吧后面 。
we must try our best to reduce the damage to a minumum .	我们必须尽量尽量减少损害的最佳措施 。
an impressive 75 percent of germans eat breakfast daily .	75%的德国每天吃早餐 。
google gobbles internet explorer’s market share with chrome	googlegoble网络探索商的市场份额与chrome共享 。
it was the first year my dad bought season tickets to the clips .	这是我爸爸第一年买了赛季票来剪辑 。
he also blessed us that we would be able to remember our previous lives .	他还祝福我们 , 我们能记住我们之前的生活 。
hand rails and banisters shall be constructed for stainless steel pipe .	手工铁路和禁令人应当为无锈钢管建造 。
tian'anmen square is the bigest square in the world .	天安门广场是世界上最大的广场 。
objective to prepare purified tick borne encephalitis vaccine .	目的制备纯化门诊结肠炎疫苗 。
stresses applied to plastically deform the metal are usually compressive .	应力适用于塑性变形金属的应力通常是压缩性的 。
the northeast is one of the biggest grainproducing areas in china .	东北是我国最大的谷物生产领域之一 。
eric blair wrote under the pseudonym of george orwell .	埃里·布莱尔在乔治奥尔威尔的伪造下写道 。
the whole community turned out to wipe out the four pests .	整个社区变成了四个虫子 。
to facilitate this task , birt provides the data explorer view .	为了促进这个任务 , birt提供数据探索器视图 。
gina:hello , dr . kellers clinic . what can i do for you ?	吉娜:嗨 , 凯尔斯医生临床 , 我为你做什么呢 ?
sergio: yeah , it sure is but they have the best drinks .	塞吉奥:是的 , 确定是 , 但他们有最好的饮料 。
it was amazing that the boy was able to solve the problem so quickly .	令人惊讶的是 , 男孩能快速解决这个问题 。
let's suppose you have a subteam working in a private branch .	让我们假设你有一个子团队在私人分支工作 。
she also writes for the times and the magazine psychologies .	她还写了时代和杂志心理学 。
these real problems already bridge the dichotomies in the science .	这些真正的问题已经桥梁了科学中的二分数 。
art is communicating and perhaps people can get something from this respect .	艺术是沟通的 , 也许人们可以从这个方面获得一些东西 。
i mean , you're already talking about how that's not applicable .	我的意思是 , 你已经谈论这是如何不适用的 。
" is the tao in a handheld calculator ? " asked the novice .	" 是手持计算机的道路吗 ? " 小说家问道 。
these new ideas are penetrating into the minds of the younger generation .	这些新的思想正在渗透到年轻时代的思想 。
there’s another detail i love in this shot—the cropped foot .	另外一个细节我喜欢在这张照片里 , 作物脚 。
it brings longer droughts between more intense periods of rain .	它带来更加强烈的雨水期间的干旱 。
each player who searches his or her library shuffles it afterwards .	每个球员在搜索他的或她的图书馆的时候 , 每个球员都会在后面搜索他的或她的图书馆 。
creation is then rooted in the mutual love of the persons of the triune god .	然后 , 创造的根源于三元神人的相互爱 。
but if you are going to make them permanent ? where are you gonna cut spending ?	但是如果你愿意让他们永久的话 , 你会在哪里削减花费 ?
good programmers strive for code clarity in addition to code performance .	优秀程序员为代码清晰度提供努力 , 除了代码性能 。
i do remember my brother learning to ride a bike though .	我记得我的兄弟学会骑自行车 。
the summer season is upon us and with it comes bathing suit season .	夏季的季节是我们的 , 随着它来到了洗澡的季节 。
please play with it before everyday use , in case miss important calls !	请在日常使用之前玩它 , 例如错过重大调用 !
they're used to large nontoxic animals , like wolves and bears .	他们习惯于大型非毒性动物 , 像狼和熊一样 。
this was probably the first time the britons came into contact with other peoples .	这可能是第一次英国人和其他人联系的第一次 。
there's nothing stuckup about the great english wild flower .	没有什么东西关于伟大的英文野花 。
study on divisible abelean group of difference familypairs ;	研究了不同家庭对象的可分类belean群 ;
any parcel over the dimension limit should be repacked into smaller ones .	任何尺寸限制的范围都应该被包装成小型的范围 。
a thin , whitehaired man was sitting on a wooden seat .	一个瘦的 , 白头发的男人坐在一个木头座上 。
but he still admires christians because of the way they face death .	但他仍然承认基督徒是因为他们面临死亡的途径 。
here are five steps you can take to help your machines run much faster .	这里有五个步骤 , 你可以帮助你的机器跑得更快 。
the report on thatstrand of hair found in elena ortiz's wound margin .	这份报告在埃利娜·奥蒂兹的伤口边缘发现的那条纹 。
technically , a cms stores all of the content in a database .	技术上 , 一个cms存储在数据库中所有内容 。
the procedures are similar to thesis flow ratetime method .	该过程与论文流速率法相似 。
my mother was wrapping some banana fritters for a customer .	我的母亲正在为客户包裹一些香蕉肉 。
at the left is a temple dedicated to the roman emperor hadrian .	左边是罗马皇帝哈里亚的寺庙 。
the connecting of these pipes is done by the message receiver .	这些管道的连接是由消息接收器完成的 。
experiment result: smoke is poisonous to tadpoles .	试验结果:吸烟有毒于坦波 。
then , the low dose effects and roentgenography interval were discussed .	然后 , 讨论了低剂量效应和roent基因间隔时间 。
so i advocate socalled 'xiaocheng english' .	所以我建议如此所谓的 " 小城英语 " 。
the application conditions and methods of using the tiltmeter are described .	介绍了使用钛计的应用条件及方法 。
whether caffeine banishes cellulite is less clear .	不管咖啡因是否愿意减少细胞 。
a 9to5 work schedule provides enough time to relax .	9to5工作调度提供足够的时间来放松 。
do you remember he gives ? a couple of examples of this sort ?	你记得他给了几个例子吗 ?
the sailors couldn't find anything to caulk the seam in the boat .	帆船员不能找到任何东西 , 在船上捕捉缝纫 。
hundreds of deceased soldiers lay in a state of disarray .	数百名死亡士兵躺在一个残疾状态中 。
you can always go trickortreating during the afternoon or to the mall .	你总是可以在下午或下午的时候努力处理 。
total number under poverty line 2010: 815 , 755	2010年的贫困线总数:815 , 755
kisangani resident said the plane had broken into three pieces .	康南居民说这架飞机已经破坏了三件 。
with the coming of national day , i have a one week holiday .	随着国庆的来临 , 我有一个星期的假日 。
the reactionaries are fierce in appearance but feeble in reality .	反应力在出现中激烈 , 但实际上可费用 。
the boy plays up his strong points and minimizes his weaknesses .	这个男孩打起了他的强点 , 最小化他的弱点 。
that's somewhere we haven't dragged morley to yet .	这是某些地方 , 我们还没有拖动摩利的地方 。
ottawa is also a mustsee city where i currently live .	奥塔瓦也是我目前生活的一个必要城市 。
we must carry on with the investigation until all the facts are found .	我们必须进行调查 , 直到所有事实都发现 。
the significance of perinatal diagnosis was discussed .	讨论了周围诊断的意义 。
the passengers turned quite green with sea sickness .	旅客们用海病变得非常绿色 。
please line the drawers with clean paper after you have emptied them .	请在你雇佣他们之后 , 用清洁纸线上抽屉 。
a noblewoman holding the rank of viscount in her own right .	一名诺贝尔·沃尔曼在自己的权利举行了vis账户的排名 。
doing so will help offset the harmful effects of urban pollution .	这样做会帮助解决城市污染危害的影响 。
many specialistic techniques contribute to archaeology .	许多专业技术为考古学提供了贡献 。
forest ecoeconomic productivity and the development of forestry produce ;	森林生态经济生产力和森林产业的发展 ;
the calculations are performed in parallel on each partition where the data is .	计算结果在每个分区中均行并行计算 。
investigators have identified the bomber as han wushun .	调查人员已经确定了炸弹作为汉武云的炸弹 。
leiomyosarcoma of the small intestine is an uncommon tumor .	小肠道肌肉瘤是一种不常见的肿瘤 。
faultstring is a human readable description of the fault .	故障字符串是故障的可读性描述 。
launch an effort to get together the various departments .	共同开展各种部门的努力 。
very possible that you don't meet any one of these two conditions .	很可能你不会遇到这两个条件之一 。
mom: you just care about this ? haven't you compared other things ?	妈妈:你只是关心这个吗 ? 你没有比其他东西比较吗 ?
the cristae of the mitochondria are arranged closely .	米托隆德里亚的克里斯密切地安排了 。
winter morning , most of the bleak shantang should be it snow !	冬天早上 , 大多数突破的山塘应该是雪 !
i thought it would raise a smile with people at the exhibition .	我觉得这会带着一个笑容 , 与展览的人一起来 。
can i get some phenobarbital , something to calm this guy down ?	我能得到一些菠萝比特 , 有些东西可以平静下来呢 ?
if you keep on collection , in time you'll have a wealth of data .	如果你继续收集 , 时候你会有一个财富的数据 。
the “others” were asleep , while they both breathed the same fever .	这些 " 天主 " 都睡着 , 两人都呼吸着同样的热 。
oh , i love new orleans , but i want to go home and visit tara .	哦 , 我爱新奥尔良 , 但我想回家去塔拉 。
i will be 96 , so i will be making films very , very slowly .	我将是96岁 , 所以我会做电影很慢 , 很慢 。
thanks obama for all the nasa cuts . you big dummy .	谢谢奥巴马为所有的nasa削减而感谢奥巴马 。
back to what we do should be for all the limitless affectionate and so back to .	回到我们所做的事情 , 应该是所有无限的感情 , 所以回到 。
however , by year end , it has been found : it is a false alarm .	然而 , 到年底 , 它已经发现了:它是一个虚假的警报 。
most who unveil hisagendas deserve the condemnation they receive。	大多数人都要求他们接受的谴责 。
tom: i feel very depressed and don't feel like doing anything .	汤姆:我感到非常沮丧 , 不要感觉到任何事情 。
this is a major step and also can be the most tedious step in tuning .	这是一个主要步骤 , 也可以成为调整最严重的步骤 。
spammers also have become more sophisticated about exploiting trust .	spammers也已经成为了更多关于开发信任的理论 。
mission control said sharipov had reported that the crew were feeling fine .	任务控制人士说 , 沙利波夫已经报道 , 船员感觉很好 。
players on its own strength , through hard work then realize their dreams .	玩家在自己的力量上 , 经过艰苦的工作 , 然后实现梦想 。
a: absolutely . it gives the team a scoring chance .	答:绝对是 , 它给团队一个分数机会 。
the bridge ways that you form and that all of you know are made of this vitality .	你所形成的桥梁方式和你所知道的一切都是由这种活力制成的 。
we have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the sweater .	我们都有裙子和裤子 , 看起来很好 。
because people always sit in the closestools in washrooms .	因为人们总是坐在洗涤室的最近的工具里 。
on the two ends are designs of a blue dragon and a white tiger .	两端是蓝龙和白虎的设计 。
mining for malware there's gold in them thar proxy logs !	为malware有金在他们身边的代理日志上 !
lao k: sorry , second young master . can i say a word ?	老k:对不起 , 第二位年轻师 , 我能说一句话吗 ?
i like norma because she's genuine person and never puts on side .	我喜欢诺玛 , 因为她是真正的人 , 永远不会放在面上 。
what if last night god destroyed my soul and put in a new soul ?	如果昨晚上神破坏了我的灵魂 , 放在一个新的灵魂里呢 ?
the development of dark tourism from edge to typical in practice .	黑色旅游的发展从边缘到典型的实践 。
may we all embrace life with love and faith , happiness and compassion .	愿我们所有的时代生活与爱和诚信、幸福和相伴 。
thus another form of generosity is sharing the word of god .	所以另一个形式是共享上帝的话 。
i buried my head under the quilts , but my aunt heard me .	我把我的头埋在那里 , 可是我的姨妈听到我 。
mining and oil stocks moved lower , especially in london .	采矿和石油股市移动较低 , 特别是伦敦 。
the unique imaging findings have never been reported in literature .	独特的成像发现从未在文献上报告过 。
the thirdgraders are having a traffic education lesson .	第三大学生是交通教育课程的 。
hell for some time , full of murderous look will become more angry .	你好几次 , 充满谋杀的看法会变得更愤怒 。
you and i are particulars ; your favorite chair is a particular .	你和我是特别的 , 你最喜欢的椅子是特别的 。
it's been a heartbreakingly tragic two months for coal .	这是两个月的煤炭的心脏破坏了两个月 。
seconds out . let's go . what do we do ? tell me what to do .	第二次出来 , 让我们去 。 我们做什么呢 ? 告诉我怎么做 。
extract the contents of the festivalwin32 . zip file .	提取节价win32.zip文件的内容 。
the maid comes with god's blessing , and must be obeyed .	女人和上帝的祝福一起来 , 必须遵守 。
it cannot easily be palpated on physical examination .	物理考试不能容易地掌握 。
the economic outlook deteriorates significantly ; or	经济勘探显著降低 ;
the birds by aristophanes – (download pdf)	阿里斯托波山的鸟儿--------------
click and drag from the start to endpoint that you wish to measure .	点击和拖动从开始到终点 , 您希望测量 。
stir in basil . spoon curry over rice . serve .	搅拌在基础上 。 菠萝烧过米饭 。 服务 。
component gis software is the opposite of application software .	组件gis软件是应用软件的对应 。
but i think unless you marry it , inherit it or work really hard for it ,	但我认为除非你结婚 , 继承它或工作真正努力 , 否则我认为 , 除非你结婚 , 否则继承它 , 还是努力工作 。
and we've seen them before from the macroscopic point of view .	我们从宏观角度看到了他们 。
can the world really afford another risk of this magnitude ?	世界能否真正保证这个巨大的风险 ?
results:in rau , there was large amount of inflame cells .	结果:在rau中 , 有大量的炎症细胞 。
computer science: $56 , 400 / $97 , 400	计算机科学:$56 , 400美元 , 97 , 400美元 。
rubin claims the gizmo can even improve your sex life .	rubin声称 , gizmo甚至可以提高你的性生活 。
is it possible fme to see the harbour in person today ?	今天有可能来看哈尔伯尔的机会吗 ?
airing is under ventilated place , drying machine is not allowed .	空气在通风地方 , 干燥机不允许 。
alex: no , i will take my 6yearold daughter with me .	亚历克斯:不 , 我将带我6岁的女儿和我一起去 。
at the last lap john held him , and then began to pick up on him .	在最后一支腿约翰举行了他 , 然后开始把他拿起来 。
patsy divorced her husband and is now living alone .	帕特西离婚了她丈夫 , 现在是独自生活的 。
procrastination is spending 30 mins looking for the right pen .	前列化是花30分钟的时间寻找正确的笔 。
she doesn't end the mask stuck to comus' chair .	她不会结束面具的东西 , 到舒斯的椅子 。
did you know 65 percent of women have curly hair ? [1]	你知道65%的妇女有诅咒的头发吗 ?
volume control was provided by a mccormack micro line drive .	体积控制由mccormack微线驱动提供 。
it feels as if they are whipping my face with wire whips .	它感觉如果他们正在用电线擦拭我的脸 。
jia sixie is wellknown as a pioneer in farming .	嘉西西是一位名叫 " 农民 " 的先锋 。
the short scaling time series have multifractal properties .	短规模时间系列具有多分形性能 。
i ordered the hairy crab , but you gave me the green crab .	我命令了头发 , 但你给我带绿色的蟹 。
they shot poisoned arrows from behind the thick bushes .	他们从厚的公共汽车背后拍了毒箭 。
story of cultural symbols of china's mentorship .	中国文化象征的故事 。
continue pushing foward and success will eventually meet you .	继续推动前进 , 成功最终会见你 。
you can turn any email address into a google account .	你可以将任何电子邮件地址转换成谷歌账户 。
cold shut is not acceptable on " a " surfaces .	冷关闭不可接受 " 表面 " 的 " 表面 。
haikou is the capit's city of hainan province .	海口是海南省海南省的城市 。
the current director is professor wang keqiang .	目前的董事王凯江教授 。
that attitude affects idiomatic patterns as well .	这种态度也影响了偶像模式 。
it’s a great complement to rice dishes , soups and pasta .	对于米菜、汤和巴斯塔来说 , 这是一个很好的补充 。
a good painting is shown before people as each drawing is done to the point .	一个好的画面是在每一幅画面之前显示出的 , 每一幅画面都是完成的 。
if you want to add foshan , then our bank said that you should have other swift .	如果你想加入福山 , 那么我们银行说你应该有其他的转换 。
few of the men of the round table had much heart to dispel them .	几个圆桌的男人有很多心去消失他们 。
you probably won't even risk injury or go hungry .	你可能甚至不会危险的伤害或是饥饿 。
as we all know , the character of internet is fictitious and doubleacting .	正如我们所知道的那样 , 互联网的特点是虚拟和双重的 。
it looks at things like fashion , how people wear different clothes .	它看起来像时尚一样 , 人们如何穿着不同的衣服 。
handy to use and you may enjoy your flower tea anywhere !	用手工 , 你可以享受你花茶的地方 !
vacuum sweeper with robust petrol engine for outdoor use .	室外使用的真空扫描器和鲁棒的石油发动机 。
when it is cloudy , i am cold , impuissant and sad .	当它是云时 , 我是寒冷的 , 令人沮丧的 , 悲伤的 。
i would be grumpy and cause those around me to be unhappy .	我将是贪婪的 , 使我周围的那些人感到不幸福 。
you called it a script kiddy language , remember ?	你叫它一个脚本的孩子语言 , 记得吗 ?
they then created a simple mathematical model of what's going on .	然后 , 他们创建了一个简单的数学模型 。
the first and each subsequent bezier spline requires only three points .	第一和每个后续的bezierspra行只需三点 。
where myth clashes with myth , it is however a very real clash .	神话与神话的地方 , 无论是真正的崩溃 。
the second place we visited was monaco ville with the palace .	我们访问的第二个地方是蒙纳科村 。
this button hook makes dressing with one hand easier and quicker .	这个按钮钩使一个手更容易和快速 。
this time it was those in the businessjet industry who cringed .	这个时候 , 这是商业喷射工业中那些哭泣的人 。
then change your default gateway and hit the enter key twice .	然后改变默认门户 , 打击输入关键两倍 。
finally , this paper discusses the procedures and applications of jmi .	最后 , 本文讨论了jmi的过程和应用 。
shoichiro toyoda says he doesn't recall the meeting .	斯蒂克希罗·丰田说 , 他没有回忆到会议 。
we were completely amazed at the wonder and the greatness of nature .	我们完全感到惊讶 , 自然的伟大 。
there is no such thing as nothingness , and zero does not exist .	没有这样的事情 , 零不存在 。
the amish people are living peacefully in our midst , slow development .	在我们中期 , 生活和平平 , 缓慢发展 。
the canvas pane is where all the viewer portlets are placed .	蜡烛画是所有观众portlet都放置的地方 。
antoni gaudi , from spain , main object of the thesis .	安东尼·加迪从西班牙的主要对象来说 , 论文的主要对象 。
the receptionist asks , “have you ever seen a doctor ?	接受者问: " 你看过医生吗 ?
finally a vanity tool that doesnâ€tmt despise you !	最后 , 尽管你那么做不到的工具 , 最终是一个无数的工具 !
you have your work , your entertainment and your firends . i have only you .	你有你的工作 , 你的娱乐和你的火灾 。 我只有你 。
every day there are seven lessons . this is my timetable for monday .	每天有七个课程 , 这是我周一的时间 。
you are the ones on earth who open the gate to the light .	你是在地球上打开门口的地球上你是一个人 。
we have the example of the banking system and the car industry .	我们有银行体系和汽车行业的例子 。
the glass hit the corner of the table and broke on impact .	玻璃撞击桌子的角落 , 撞击了影响 。
the late arrived of the ship had messed up all our plans .	晚些时候 , 船已经消失了我们的计划 。
a lot of asexual people do want relationships and children .	很多异性的人都想要关系和孩子们 。
smetimes a beetle lost its way in the passages .	味着一只蜜蜂在传递中失去了路线 。
however , where you can eat authentic donkey to fire it ?	然而 , 你在哪里可以吃真实的驴子来消除它吗 ?
he was in a tiny capsule called friendship 7 .	他在一个叫做友谊7号的小帽子里 , 被称为 " 朋友 " 。
you know , do these things that i have no future , you know , in .	你知道 , 这些我没有未来的东西 , 你知道 , 进入 。
anti corruption is a big issue of practice and theory .	反腐败是实践和理论的重大问题 。
for the first time , i felt like i was running into the wilderness .	第一次 , 我感觉像我跑进野生 。
the university boasts a team of welltrained teachers .	大学拥有一个良好的教师团队 。
but a strong volcker rule just might take the cake away .	但是 , 一个强大的压力规则 , 只要把蛋糕离开 。
the renderer determines the quality of your final render .	渲染器决定您最终渲染器的质量 。
wildflowers of different colors brighten the rocky land .	不同颜色的野花朵明亮了岩石土地 。
project only for those , who have suomi as mother language .	只有对那些有苏马尼的母语的工程 , 才有苏马尼的母语 。
what you need is an xml version of the directory listing .	您需要的是目录清单的xml版本 。
adam and eve conversed with god in the garden of eden .	亚当和埃夫在爱登花园与上帝交谈 。
pingping's mother is one of the district nurses .	平平平的母亲是地区护士之一 。
she expertly slid the hypodermic needle into my vein .	她专家把假肢针插入我的静脉 。
please amend your copy of the contract accordingly .	请按照合同修改您的副本 。
eg . he says his friend is confident in turning the table .	他说 , 他的朋友在转桌上的信心 。
she implored piteously a voice choked with sobs .	她很高兴地用sobs打开了一个声音 。
you want to know how quickly is the other side going to get hot ?	你想知道 , 另一边要怎么快才能得到热呢 ?
he shouted and rapped with his walking stick on the door .	他大声喊着 , 跟他的走在门上 。
the children build sandcastles on the beach .	孩子们在海滩上建造沙弹 。
it's the final gasp of the burst housing bubble .	这是最后一个房子泡沫的气体 。
and if it sounds good , ask if there’s any way i can see their results .	如果它听起来很好 , 问如果有任何方法我能看到他们的结果 。
in starcraft , some units had instant attack animations .	在星球飞行中 , 有些单位有瞬间攻击动画 。
this new painkiller doe 't take long to act on the pain ?	这位新的痛苦者不要长时间在痛苦上行动吗 ?
could we pretend that this is a normal first date between two normal people ?	我们可以预测这是两个正常人之间的第一次日期吗 ?
i later found out the world is full of victors , of people saying no .	我后来发现世界是全面的胜利者 , 其中有人说没有 。
once those are finished you can use your res . to make garages .	一旦这些都完成了你可以使用你的树脂 , 让垃圾 。
still , there were young men willing to ride for the pony express .	然而 , 有些年轻人愿意为潘妮表达骑着 。
it shows all infos from the header and dumps records...	它展示了从头部和饺子记录中所有的信息...
they can tell us a lot about the history of trading on sea .	他们可以告诉我们很多关于海上交易史的历史 。
in part 1 , you learned how to create an obex server application .	在第1部分中 , 您学习如何创建一个obex服务器应用程序 。
on the whole it's a good plan and we shouldn't nitpick .	在整个情况下 , 它是一个好的计划 , 我们不应该nitpick 。
separate the essence of the test from the implementation details .	从实现细节中分离测试的本质 。
you didn't realize how much part of your life it was going to become .	你没有意识到你生命的一部分 , 它将会变得多少 。
place smaller sticks crosswise to make a lattice effect .	将更小的粘贴交叉 , 使乳化效果更小 。
he mutilated the nun and stuffed into a closet .	他把nun和tuf把它转换成一个闭环 。
geminis are often good at language , speaking and writing .	乔治斯通常在语言、讲话和写作方面很好 。
i paid for the beers so i call dibs on the last bottle .	我为啤酒支付的啤酒 , 所以我在最后一个瓶子上打电话 。
and i can tell you at that point i wished i was back in canada .	我可以告诉你 , 我希望我在加拿大回来了 。
you'll need to calculate how much time the assignment will take .	你需要计算多少时间的分配时间 。
a but not tomorrow night . . . when are you next free ?	不过明天晚上还没有 。 当你下一个自由的时候 ?
marylebone station was packed with homeward bound commuters .	马里尔本站与家庭边界电脑包装 。
do not leave when she is poor , ill , or unbeautiful .	不要留在她贫穷的时候 , 疾病 , 或者不美丽的 。
let us be determined not to collect grievances today .	今天 , 让我们决定不要收集贪婪 。
conclusion:asqa had good reliability and construct validity .	结论:asqa具有良好的可靠性和构建有效性 。
study group and control group had isonitrogenous and isocaloric intake .	研究组和对照组有异性和异性摄入 。
g1/2 " 2perpendicular entries with hung cover . "	g1/2 " 具有匈牙盖的2个独立条件 " 。
with the development of science , computer increasingly popular .	随着科学的发展 , 计算机越来越受欢迎 。
you've got to hand it to the bottled water industry .	你必须把它送到瓶装水工业 。
with things as such , we‘ll have to let things slide .	随着这样的事情 , 我们必须让事情滑动 。
flyfish the spring creeks of paradise valley .	飞行天堂山谷的春天飞行 。
franklin: i peeked at one letter , that's all .	弗兰克林:我在一封信上说 , 这是所有的 。
peddling a handful can lead to a 15year sentence .	把握一句十五年的句子带到一句十五年的句子 。
little duck says: spring is a gentle and soft river .	小鸭说:春天是一条柔软的河 。
tonight jobs cleared up the matter once and for all .	今天晚上工作清理了事情 , 为所有的事情 。
please pass me that pile of semicircular tiles .	请把那堆半圆形砖传递给我 。
men scoured the country looking for the lost child .	男人骂了这个国家寻找失去的孩子 。
guixi city shizhi compiling committee office ?	贵西市hizhihihihizhi编译委员会办公室吗 ?
whom the gods destroy , we number1 do mad .	谁是神破坏的 , 我们数字1所做的疯子 。
house: only an idiot gets between ahab and his whale .	房子:只有一个碘化物在ahab和他的鲸鱼之间才能获得 。
for me , personally , i can really see both sides to the coin .	对于我来说 , 个人来说 , 我真的可以看到两个双方的硬币 。
“from many cotton plants , ” the man answered .	" 很多棉花 , " 男人回答说 。
or you can begin to " work " to make your sex life more exciting .	或者你可以开始 " 工作 " 来使你的性生活更激动 。
because of film editing , we couldn't see the whole show .	由于电影编辑 , 我们看不到整个节目 。
how do children and teens experience depression ?	儿童和青少年如何经历抑郁 ?
where is now monk xuanzang of the tang dynasty ?	现在 , 唐代的僧侣徐祖祖祖祖祖祖祖在哪里 ?
okay ? ! possibly . or you . okay .	好吗 ? 哦 ! 可能 。 或者你 。 好吧 。
the otaku the media picks up on are usually this kind .	otu的媒体选举通常是这样的 。
wen wen practicing her backward crossover in dec 2010 .	温文在2010年12月实践了她的背向交叉 。
what are the units here ? we write 12 . 011 .	这里的单位是什么 ? 我们写了12.0111 。
aim: to study the constituents of abrus mollis hance .	目的:研究brusmollis的组成部分 。
antony goes for projects on a massive scale .	安东尼在一个大规模的项目上去 。
and it deepens household and community poverty .	它深化了家庭和社区贫困 。
this aspect of luke's work has occasioned much discussion .	卢克的工作的这一方面已经发生了很多讨论 。
standards for drinking water have been improved continuously .	饮用水的标准持续提高 。
'of course , ' ms . darling sneers .	" 当然 , " 达尔林先生说 。
i quickly put all the socks are washed over again .	我很快把所有的袜子都洗了 。
chandler: blue blazer back . hehe wants it back .	查德勒:蓝色破裂器 , 他想要回来 。
no one questions china’s civilian control of the military .	没有一个问题 , 中国的民事控制军事 。
holyflag will be customized for the entire handling process .	圣诞旗将被定制为整个处理过程 。
the filial piety is the center of retirement throughout .	文件皮埃是整个退休的中心 。
no04 , 5 . i don't know how to thank you for all your help .	诺04 , 5 。 我不知道怎样感谢你所有的帮助 。
i have so much to do today . i am run off my feet .	今天我有太多的做法 , 我跑下我的脚 。
the company did not say in the filing which banks loaned the money .	公司并没有在银行贷款的文件中说明银行贷款 。
after about half an hour , i realised i really needed to fart .	大约一半小时后 , 我意识到我真的需要快速 。
love is , and it can last , if we remember our differences .	爱情是 , 如果我们记得我们的差异 , 那就可以持续 。
leo: now , if you’ll just follow me to the lounge .	莱奥:现在 , 如果你只是跟我去伦敦 。
this life , this love that you and i have been dreaming of , for so long .	这个生命 , 这个爱你 , 我一直梦想着 , 长期以来 。
the poor man at last was eased and hence lived happily .	最后那个贫穷的人很容易生活 , 因此生活得快乐 。
the warning is based on the latest 5day weather forecasts .	警告基于最近5天的天气预测 。
ma kang is a good friend of mine , and a unique one .	马康是一位好朋友 , 一个独特的朋友 。
it is a basic emotion with a characteristic facial expression .	它是一种基本的情感 , 具有特色的面表达式 。
triumphing over death , and chance , and thee , o time .	在死亡的时候 , 还有机会 , 时间 。
a popup tip will tell you whether it is on or off .	一个pouptptp将告诉你 , 是否它是否在或离开 。
these things could change if you learn how to manage your violence .	如果你学习如何管理暴力的话 , 这些事情可能会变化 。
huang zongzhi is one of the most famous legal historian .	黄宗子是最著名的法律史学家之一 。
he has been given a label " playboy " by his friends .	他被他的朋友送给了一个标签 " 游戏男孩 " 的标签 。
it's also unbelievable to me that he would ever end his life .	这也不能相信我 , 他永远会结束他的生命 。
each of us dipped a finger into the mixture and sucked it .	我们每个人都把手指扔进混合物中 , 然后把它弄成混合物 。
the caribbean waters there are also perfect for scuba diving .	加勒比亚水也有很好的防水 。
an airraid alarm sounded in the depths of night .	夜间的深度声响起的空气响应 。
they would like to after a long night can see by the morning glow !	他们想在很长的夜晚之后 , 能看到早晨的光芒 !
dougong was widely used in the spring and autumn period .	道格龙在春秋时广泛应用于春秋时期 。
will judge hudson's decision be upheld on appeal ?	法官赫德森的决定是否会在呼吁上升 ?
i thought it would help . you're the best , you know that ?	我觉得这会有帮助 , 你是最好的 , 你知道这是吗 ?
and why do we make it so hard to amend our constitution .	为什么我们让我们更难修改我们的宪法 。
no one near seems to be thinking , or feeling , or working .	没有人看起来似乎是想想 , 或者感觉 , 或者工作 。
afterwards , ao patient about aunt and monica a pile .	后来 , ao患者关于姨妈和蒙妮卡一桩桩 。
great minds think alike , but fools seldom differ .	伟大的思维认为像 , 但愚蠢的差异很少 。
many people with foot pain can get relief just by losing weight .	很多人患足疼痛的人只能通过减肥而减肥 。
i will never draw like them . but they will never draw like me .	我永远不会像他们一样绘画 , 但他们永远不会像我一样绘画 。
i could not control and make selfrepression on such rational basic .	我不能控制和自抑制这种理性基本 。
he was just a person . he was avoiding eye contact .	他只是一个人 , 避免眼睛接触 。
this group was laid out and arranged in accordance with buddhist cosmology .	这个群体依照佛教宇宙学 , 按照佛教宇宙学建立并安排 。
determine the relationship qiang shen and qin day together very happy .	确定张沈和秦天的关系非常高兴 。
runners who lost more than 3% of their weight during the run finished fastest .	跑步者在跑步最快的时候失去了超过3%的重量 。
the weekold peace talks there between the two sides were near collapse .	周龄的和平会谈在这两侧之间的两侧之间是近于崩溃的 。
there was a relationship between the conductance activation energy and detergency .	电导激活能量与变性之间存在着一定的关系 。
our brains are roughly 25 percent larger than those of the late homo erectus .	我们的大脑大约有25% , 比以后的同性直肠的更大 。
they stood on the top of the mountain , watching the sun rising in the east .	他们站在山顶上 , 看到太阳在东方的阳光上升 。
yueliangshan fault is the east segment of haiyuan fault zone .	岳阳山断裂是海源断裂区东段 。
we'll be reading his essay on suicide . hume died , had an illness .	我们将在自杀上阅读他的评论 。 哈姆死亡 , 病了 。
there is only one practicing spot here in liuyang . i have been there for only three times .	刘阳只有一个实践点 , 我只有三次 。
in the center of town is a pair of 20footlong sheet metal shidas .	在城中心 , 是一对20英尺长的金属shidas 。
together with the avalokitesvara figure in the middle , 33 in total .	中间和avalokitesvara数字集合在一起 , 33个中间 。
the little ship tried to escape when the big pirate ship bore down on it .	小船只在大海盗船上飞船的时候 , 试图逃脱 。
he was standing almost broadside , his great head up and turned toward them .	他站在几乎广阔的旁边 , 他的大头抬起来 , 向他们转向 。
but i think it will be wiser of lee to put your best side outward , ' she added .	但是我觉得这将是李的智慧 , 把你的最好的一面放出来 , " 她补充道 。
a loving husband who treats me like a queen yet everyday i remember .	一个爱的丈夫 , 每天我都记得我一样的女王 。
their metabolism and the mechanism of antifatigue are elaborated in this paper .	阐述了它们的代谢和反位置的机理 。
little birds and pigs now come in the form of edible cake toppers .	小鸟和猪现在来到食用蛋糕的形式 。
obtain the essential feature that is larcenous behavior secretly .	得到了严肃的标准行为的必要特点 。
you know that the function of a protein is intimately related to its structure .	你知道蛋白的功能与其结构相关 。
18they divide my garments among them and cast lots for my clothing .	18岁的时候 , 我的服装在他们中间分开 , 为我的衣服打了很多 。
it is nto the same thing to have a bare field in january and in juluy .	这是nto同样的事情 , 今年1月和六月份有一个不足的领域 。
steering gear is the most important component of the automotive veering system .	转向齿轮是汽车输送系统的重要组成部分 。
sitting comfortably at number three is bagan temple and pagodas .	坐在数字三号时 , 是巴根寺和巴哥达斯 。
it is characterized by containing concave and convex rod stone powder in said paste .	它是由含有洞穴和凸棒石粉的特点组成的 。
currently sharp does not make compressors , a key air conditioner component .	目前尚未制造压缩机 , 关键空调组件 。
to provide monitoring , inspection and technical guidance for food hygiene ;	为了为食品卫生提供监测、检查和技术指导 ;
around tenthirty that night , they ended up back in madeleine’s dorm room .	在那天晚上十三分钟的时候 , 他们终于回到马丁的宿舍房间 。
the actual rate discount would have to be applied in the credit card management system .	实际的速率折扣必须在信用卡管理系统中应用 。
he is not only the pride of the people in hainan , but also the pride of people all over the world .	他不仅是海南人民的骄傲 , 而且也是全世界人民的骄傲 。
main components: a variety of aromatic ketones and aromatic esters .	主要成分:各种芳烃和芳香的植物 。
this article has a brief review on holocene climate changes in mongolia .	本文简要综述了蒙古殖民气候变化的综述 。
in the scene turns the large flame often gushes out to the window outside .	在场景中 , 大火经常在窗外的窗户外冲出来 。
to handle an invalid contract must abide by the principle of restitution .	要处理有效合同 , 必须遵循恢复原则 。
optimistic , tigers always bounce back for new and fresh challenges .	乐观 , 老虎总是为新的新鲜挑战感到兴奋 。
many of the people of darwin escaped by hiding in cellars that night .	许多达尔文人在夜间隐藏的细胞中逃离了 。
i'm not doubting for a moment the sincerity of the couple's distress .	我并不怀疑一刻对夫妇的诚实性 。
the first section of this article ponders the corporation in the point of view of right and power .	第一部分 , 本文的第一部分在权利和权力的角度 , 提出了公司的权利观点 。
we did talk about changing it , but feared it would only be perceived as a nerf .	我们谈论改变它 , 但担心它只会被视为一只巢 。
your parents tell you to boil herbs and stay inside when you get sick .	你的父母告诉你在你病的时候 , 把草本放在内面 。
the club only has an 18hole green fee and caddie fee at weekends .	俱乐部只有18洞绿费和周末费用 。
virtually every new company complains about the difficulty of raising seed capital .	几乎每个新公司都抱怨提高种子资本的困难 。
i desire no further advice from you , ' answered mr linton .	林顿先生回答说 , 我不愿意从你那里进一步建议 。
i have a stomachache . i think i got some bad food at lunch today .	我有一个胃痛 。 我觉得今天午餐吃了一些坏食物 。
good moring , mr . smith . i am sunfang coming for an interview .	很好的摩擦 , 史密斯先生 。 我是孙芳来访 。
half a shovelful has fallen off . ) evil's mask of innocence .	半个鞋子已经落下来了 , 邪恶的面具是无辜的 。
mt . 10:23 and when they persecute you in this city , flee into another .	10:23 , 当他们在这个城市里追求你时 , 逃进另一个城市 。
let's look at the curriculum for the robotics engineering program at wpi .	让我们看看wpi的机器人工程项目课程 。
i think it was you i sent , " he added , addressing the staffofficer . "	我认为这是你发送的 , " 他补充道 , 解决员工的问题 。
i thenrealizedi had no right to place myself abovehimjust because he was busking .	然后 , 我就没有权利把自己放在上面的地方 , 因为他是公共汽车 。
the train was full of proles , in holiday mood because of the summery weather .	火车是由于夏天天气 , 在节日情绪中 , 火车充满了繁荣 , 在节日情绪 。
he spent over ten thousand us dollars to buy a table filled with holes .	他花了十万美元来买一张桌子填满孔子的桌子 。
diluted earnings per american depositary share came to $1 . 26 .	每股美国储蓄股价上涨1.26美元 , 至1.26美元 。
" some were thrilled that caesar had died , and some were horrified , " he said .	他说: " 有些人因为卡萨死亡 , 有些人受到荣誉 。 "
between history and the eternal i have chosen history because i like certainties .	在历史和永恒之间 , 我选择了历史 , 因为我喜欢某些历史 。
the discovery also reveals how male squid compete for female mating partners .	发现还揭示了男性快速竞争对女性合作伙伴的男性 。
improved management of the cadre and personnel files of the rules and regulations .	改进了干部和人员文件管理的规则和规范 。
red narrating: you could argue he'd done it to carry favor with the guards .	红色叙述:你可以说他会做到这件事 , 要与卫兵携带 。
it's so nice to have you today . please come and see me again sometime .	今天你很好 , 请再见我 , 有时候再见我 。
thousands of militants traded in guns for stipends and training .	数千名军方交易在枪手和训练中 。
roundtrip economy class air ticket for hong kong and gold coast on sq . .	香港及金海岸环境经济类空票 。
above , an artist's conception of the space launch system blasting off .	上面 , 一个艺术家对空间发射系统的概念爆破 。
the idc has a more uniform work function distribution than an oxide cathode .	idc具有比氧化氧化物阴极更均匀的工作功能分布 。
many of jones' old friends join his team , along with some new ones .	许多琼斯的老朋友加入他的团队 , 沿着一些新的团队 。
artists using this method of mixing colours to draw are called " pointillism " .	艺术家使用这种混合颜色的方法被称为 " 点击主义 " 。
because i really want to understand what it is like for a son and a father to relate each other .	因为我真的想理解儿子和父亲彼此相关的事情 。
scientists are conducting sampling to understand the threats from water pollution .	科学家正在采取采样来理解水污染的威胁 。
just permit the dime that she so shrinks in the carriage , allow her to so wail .	只要允许她如此在车里那么紧缩的方式 , 允许她如此wail 。
the effects of sedation may make you forget what you were instructed after the procedure .	编辑的效果可能使你忘记在程序之后被指导的事情 。
he chuckled slightly and blushed . " yeah , that was my girl . "	他轻轻轻地冲着 , 冲着 , " 是的 , 那是我的女孩 。 "
cut the fish fillet in chunks , marinate it with some salt and pepper .	用某些盐和辣椒 , 把鱼肉加入chunks , 将其与其结合在一起 。
our company is specialized in the production of pet collar , traction with the enterprise .	我公司专业生产宠物核心 , 跟踪企业 。
after years of ross mooning over rachel , she finally found out that he was in love with her .	她最后发现他和她一起爱上了她的爱 。
to spirit , getting is meaningless and giving is all . t5 . i . 1 . 7	为了精神 , 得到的是无意义的 , 给予的是t5 。
and " change " refers to unleashing staff potential through deepening reform .	" 改变 " 指通过深化改革来解决员工潜力 。
when someone drives a perfect car in an improper manner , no one blames the car...	当有人驾驶完美的汽车时 , 没有人责任汽车...
the user can also select another language and read content in that language .	用户还可以在这个语言中选择另一个语言和读取内容 。
if you’re a fan of the bubbly , you could try seltzer water instead .	如果你是泡沫的粉丝 , 你就可以尝试一下盐水代替 。
therefore hear now this , thou afflicted , and drunken , but not with wine	所以你现在听到这一点 , 你冲突了 , 喝醉 , 可是不用酒喝 。
abundant kidneyyang warms and promotes all the viscera and organs .	丰富的肾阳温暖 , 促进所有的vicesra和组织 。
there are many methods to solve the one kind of ion reactions for the problem of groundwater .	有很多方法解决地下水问题的离子反应方法 。
lather enhancer advantage in shampoos , soap , and facial wash .	激光增强剂在hampoos、肥皂和面部洗涤中优势 。
the best physicians are dr . diet , dr quiet and dr . merryman .	最好的物理学家是饮食、安静和默里曼博士 。
the longterm bull market trendline drawn from 2001 has remained intact .	长期的牛市趋势从2001年引起的趋势仍然是完整的 。
meattextured fish protein concentrate is a new product developed in 1980's .	鱼类蛋白浓度是1980年代发展的新产品 。
hook the small prawn from tail to head for fishing prawns and small fish .	把尾巴从尾巴到头部的小虾和小鱼拉到头部 。
she waited for narcissus to speak first , and prepared her answer .	她等候纳西西斯首次讲话 , 准备她的答案 。
if i didn't study , i would buy a baby rabbit like mr . wu .	如果我没有学习 , 我会买一只婴儿兔子像吴先生这样的小兔子 。
a group of people starts a business and they say , let's divide up the proceeds .	一群人开始一个业务 , 他们说 , 让我们分开程序 。
otherwise , you're wasting a bit , so to speak , unnecessarily .	否则 , 你浪费了一点 , 所以说话不必要 。
relationalism is the essence of practical materialism and piagets theory .	关系主义是实际材料主义和pits理论的本质 。
antiaustralia graffiti is sprinkled around the capital , dili .	反澳大利亚grafifti围绕着首都迪利 。
lounge patrons desperately wanted to imbibe the essence of all this .	洛杉矶巡逻者绝望希望让所有这一切的本质免受 。
modern cpus contain a subsystem known as the memory management unit .	现代cpus包含一个名为内存管理单元的子系统 。
police said sunday that the death toll in the shooting rose to 86 .	警方周日表示 , 死亡人员在射击中升至86人 。
the invention discloses a microbial inoculum and a preparation method thereof .	本发明公开了一种微生物细胞和制备方法 。
youth , in particular , are seen as beacons of innovation and creativity .	尤其是青少年 , 被视为创新和创造力的背景 。
she also advises against anything with the words " antiaging . "	她还建议用 " 反老化 " 的话来对任何东西 。
the editorinchief blue penciled the article written by his reporter .	编辑首席蓝色的文章由记者写的文章 。
to date , there have been 63 , 595 sales through the torontomls system this year .	为了日期 , 今年 , 今年有63 , 595个销售经过了全年的房间系统 。
i made a statement on our website that freddie is and will be part of our squad .	我在我们的网站上发表声明 , 弗雷迪将是我们的广场之一 。
everyone else tweaking their sites for their own use can do anything they want and will !	其他其他人都用自己的用途来削弱他们的网站 , 可以做任何他们想要和愿意的东西 !
later in the season , despite good planning , product starts to run out unevenly .	后来的季节 , 尽管好的规划 , 产品开始不均匀运行 。
time for striver is kind of treasure , for lazy person , is a kind of burden .	先锋的时间是一种宝藏 , 对于懒惰的人来说 , 是一种负担 。
our silks are known for good quality . they are one of our traditional exports .	我们的丝毫无疑问 , 他们是我们传统的出口之一 。
if you build your team from start , you will have much easyer time in the future .	如果你从开始建立你的团队 , 您将有更容易的时间在未来 。
but even so , the two sister still can not help but think she is the advantage of their home .	但即使如此 , 两妹仍然不能帮助 , 但认为她是他们家的优势 。
figure 1 shows a screen capture of the application , a bar graph of yearly results .	图1显示了应用程序的屏幕捕获 , 年度结果 。
my mouth was wide open when i entered the cup room in via turati .	我的嘴巴很广泛 , 当我进入了马拉蒂的杯房间时 , 我的口袋就很开放了 。
imagine another 250 million people urbanising china over the next 20 years .	想象20年来 , 中国的另外一个250万人民在城市化的城市 。
you can hover over vertical arrows to get details on the locks being held .	您可以在垂直箭头上维持细节 , 以获得锁上的细节 。
these landforms were dubbed tiankeng , or " naturally formed pits " .	这些地形被称为天城 , 或者 " 自然形成的 " 自然形成的坑 " 。
if the ball arrives one second beforehand , will you yield it to the wind ?	如果球到了第二手之前 , 你会把它产到风中吗 ?
button shaped beads pendant , earing , a meson , welcome to order !	按钮形状的珠裤 , 耳朵 , 一个儿子 , 欢迎订单 !
as to what and how to release , the authorities will comply with relevant laws .	如何释放如何 , 当局将与相关法律相关 。
journalist: mr lin , do you think this is a very nice chance for bening ?	记者:林先生 , 你认为这是一个非常好的机会吗 ?
twiggy was a little of both boy and girl , a mirror of her time .	twiggy是一个小男孩和女孩 , 她的时光是她的镜子 。
if the market goes his way , he waits to be proven even more right bigger is better .	如果市场走路 , 他等待证明更多的权利更好 。
after a moment’s hesitation , tweener reaches out and takes the burger .	在一个时刻的犹豫之后 , tweener到达了外面 , 拿着手机 。
the world in general , and even more your briny world , accepts flogging .	一般来说 , 世界上也越来越多你的briny世界 , 接受了flogging 。
stack two 1 . 4x is better than one 2x in terms of picture quality .	标记2.4x在图像质量方面比一个2x更好 。
listen to the tape and find out the main idea of this article and how it is organized .	听这篇文章的主要思想 , 以及如何组织它 。
1923 insulin first became generally available for use by diabetics .	1923年 , 胰岛素首先成为糖尿病的用途 。
of course , not all longstanding restaurants are celebrity haunts .	当然 , 不要全部长久的餐厅都是庆祝活动 。
effect analysis: day heart to have the devil body , brandied denied .	效果分析:日心有魔鬼身体 , 分支认定 。
the bride was delighted , kissed him , and loved him with all of her heart .	新娘很高兴 , 亲吻他 , 爱他 , 爱他一切心 。
you will be able to swap hotbar configurations at the same time you swap specs .	同时 , 您将能够在swapecss中消除热栏配置 。
there are many drove past some rubber estate around in kuala lumpur .	卡拉普尔周围有许多驾驶车过去了一些橡胶房地产 。
vanda miss joaquim is the national flower of singapore .	范达·约奎姆是新加坡国家花卉 。
objective to establish quality standard for compound zhuanggu capsule .	目的建立复方张gu胶囊的质量标准 。
investigation and study of medicinal plants over yao wang mountain .	研究和研究雅虎山地区医药植物的研究 。
however , this defeats the strong typing of the anonymous type .	然而 , 这击败了匿名类型的强大类型 。
sun yuwen was an important figure of late qing dynasty .	孙元文是清末清代的重要人物 。
the coming of automation is bound tohave important social consequences .	自动化的未来是界限性的重要社会后果 。
this was the realisation that many children here can’t afford to go school .	这意识到许多孩子在这里不能去学校 。
it's proving very difficult to peg him down to a definite date for completion .	对于完成日期来说 , 很难把他放下来 , 这是非常困难的 。
a lot of the issues we do within epa , or technically , is in nature .	很多我们在epa内做的问题 , 或技术上 , 是在自然上 。
the man was an undercover deputy from iredell county sheriff's office .	这个男子是来自爱尔德尔县谢里夫的办公室的地下部长 。
mc: would you please update us about shinhwa members' activities .	麦克:您愿意更新我们关于shinhwa成员的活动 。
we are not told why jesus made some mud and placed it over the man's eyes .	我们不告诉耶稣为什么犯了一些泥土 , 把它放在男人眼睛上 。
the captain brought the men to attention as the general arrived .	队长带来了男人注意的是一般来到的 。
your father takes on too much . he forgets he's not growing any younger .	你的父亲太多了 , 他忘记他没有成长的年轻人 。
you need to have an existing project loaded into the integrated development environment .	您需要将现有的项目加载到整合开发环境中 。
and , during feiler's battle with cancer , they would fight alongside him .	而且 , 在费勒与癌症战斗期间 , 他们将与他一起战斗 。
henceforth it will be more difficult to avoid customs examination .	因此 , 要避免海关考试的困难更难 。
american liquor companies are finding inspiration in the financial crisis .	在金融危机中 , 美国液体公司正在寻找激励 。
it is of reference value to control the pollution of the regional environment .	控制区域环境污染的参考价值 。
keep track of how much you'll need to pay for insurance and office supplies .	保持跟踪您需要多少钱来保险和办公供应 。
concise , after receipt of the g frequently reply in turn good mood .	结论 , 在接受gg的频率频繁地回答了良好的情绪 。
unclaimed bodies of the victims , such as rehabilitation work is under way .	无声称受害者的身体 , 例如康复工作在路下 。
karen: i read about that in a trade mag . it's a new technology .	卡伦:我在贸易杂志阅读这是一个新的技术 。
this is the third in the discussion of the stars that make up the summer triangle .	这是第三个讨论夏季三角星的星系的讨论 。
in play garden , his since actor , it is miscellaneous labour ;	在游戏园里 , 他自从演员之后 , 它是错误的劳动力 ;
using this factory , the following data types used for the service definition were designed .	利用本厂 , 设计了以下数据类型为服务定义的设计 。
the beaver dammed the stream with mud , branches and leaves .	海滩坝着泥泞 , 枝枝叶和叶子 。
let's get some more coffee first . i'd like a sandwich , too .	让我们首先得到一些咖啡 , 我也喜欢一个沙威奇 。
i don't want to suggest that sabrina's work is purely erotic here .	我不想建议萨布莱纳的工作纯粹是在这里的 。
i call this italy's “straits of messina phenomenon .	我称这是意大利的 " 中新 " 现象的吸引 。
read the directions and directly you will be directed in the right direction .	读取方向 , 直接您将在右向方向中直接指导 。
but when the policyholder is mortgages people , the situation should be different .	但是当政策持有者是抵押贷款人时 , 应该有不同的情况 。
this helps the doctor estimate how long you have been pregnant and your due date .	这帮助医生估计你有多久的怀孕和你的日期 。
this ' honing ' is necessary in my opinion because of some reasons .	这是因为某些原因 , 所以在我的意见上是必要的 。
when deciding whether or not to refinance , there are many factors to con sider .	当决定是否决定是否还是不要融资时 , 有很多因素来consider 。
we have seven children in my family . all sisters , excepting me .	我们在家里有七个孩子 , 除了我外 , 所有妹妹都有七个孩子 。
it offers the theoretical foundation for the use of this endosperm specific promoter .	为此 , 本文提供了理论基础 , 为本文内层特定推广器提供了理论依据 。
when the weather warms up , ice cream shops have lines out their doors .	当天气温暖的时候 , 冰淇淋店已经走出他们的门 。
in his art world , also an impressive spring waters and autumn hills scene .	在他的艺术世界 , 还有一个印象性的泉水和秋山景 。
and he has discovered many such grassroots experts on douban . com .	他发现了许多草根专家在双方.com上发现了许多专家 。
i made whales , fish , and birds of every size , shape and colour .	我制造了鲸鱼 , 鱼和鸟类 , 每一尺寸 , 形状和颜色 。
if two people are meant to be together , eventually they ' ll find their wat back .	如果两个人共同在一起 , 最后他们就会发现他们的观察回来 。
our evaluation: the parallel web provides no data locality whatsoever .	我们的评价:并行web提供了无关数据本地性的数据 。
these restaurant recommendations can be viewed by other friends of yours .	这些餐厅建议可以被你的其他朋友看到 。
i’m trying to remove as many impediments to that as possible .	我正试图删除如可能的许多抵押物 。
that he had fed live kittens to sharks . ( " no kittens . "	那个他曾经吃过食物的厨房去鲨鱼 。 ( 没有厨房 。
shield and heraldic mail with surcoat show your custom banner .	盾牌和草本邮件用外衣显示您的海关禁令 。
some believe there are concerns among the central government as well .	有些人相信中央政府之间存在着关注 。
and she passed a crime scene where somebody was shot on the street .	她通过了一场犯罪场景 , 有人在街上拍摄 。
the east end of the chapel projects farther eastwards than the great gate .	东端的链路项目比大门更远的东端 。
all others who found—and opened bottles—would be put to death .	所有的其他人都发现 , 打开瓶子-----------------------------------
in version 6 . 0 , many additional enhancements have been introduced .	在版本6.0版本中 , 介绍了许多额外的增强 。
pilate therefore , willing to release jesus , spake again to them .	因此 , 愿意释放耶稣 , 再次向他们讲话 。
this product has the functions of antifatigue and adjusting immune .	该产品具有抗疲劳和调节免疫功能 。
firstly , i needed to register domain name with a registrant . for e . g .	首先 , 我需要注册域名和注册商注册区名 。
the cast iron rod bushing provides maximum load bearing support .	铸铁棒冲刷提供最大负载支持 。
flower town: yunnan known as " kingdom of plants " .	花城:云南名为 " 植物王国 " 。
here's a frontispiece with rosenberg in a military coat .	在这里 , 罗森伯格和罗森伯格在军事涂层 。
love the team , love the whole team , believe and trust , 4ever .	爱团队 , 爱整个团队 , 相信和信任 , 4个永远 。
the machine is with accessories and suitable for the binging of insole .	机器具有配件和适合于插件的边缘 。
he then changed into overalls and spent the next eight hours as a dustman .	然后 , 他改变成整体 , 把下八个小时作为尘埃人 。
i gave away a block of cheddar cheese with crumbled bacon in it .	我离开了一块切德拉奶酪 , 在它里面有一块破碎的袋子 。
we came in third . that was because ivor caught a crab right at the start .	我们第三次来了 , 这是因为ivor在开始时抓到了一条蟹 。
the beekeepers did not find dead adult bees as they often do after winter .	蜜蜂保护者在冬天经常会发现死亡的成年蜜蜂 。
stiga has now managed to combine speed and touch in the same blade .	stiga现在已经经理组合速度和触摸同样的刀片 。
you may override this behavior with the n , or maxargs , parameter .	您可能会覆盖这个行为 , 或maxargs , 参数 。
no , you may keep him out the whole night for me , '' i answered .	没 , 你可以让他全晚上为我留下来 , " 我回答说 。
at the same time , their sensitivity to the absurd is sharper than ever .	与此同时 , 他们对吸引力的敏感性比永远更明显 。
all good chinese writers who to my mind are worth anything have repudiated it .	所有对我的心灵的好作家都值得任何值得重复的东西 。
for whom , for whom , who has waited for eternity in a thousand years ?	对谁来说 , 对谁来说 , 谁在千年内等待永恒吗 ?
however , the injunction means it will miss out on the opportunity .	然而 , 注射意味着它会失去机会 。
these were led by arthur's halfsister , morgan , who was a witch .	这是阿瑟的半姐摩根 , 摩根是一个巫师 。
under kelly , westpac merged with st . george's in 2008 .	在凯利 , 2008年西部队与圣乔治合并 。
i ' m calling you because the boy comes from your city , said dr . haydon .	我叫你 , 因为这个男孩来自你的城市 , 海登博士说 。
it was a gloomy picture , but even so we were glad to be back in formosa .	这是一幅漂亮的照片 , 但即使我们很高兴回到形式上 。
though it would mean in reality we would probably look much different or not exist at all .	尽管实际上 , 我们可能看起来很多不同或不存在 。
the housing cost is concerned with the vital interests of the billions of people .	住房成本与数十亿人民的重要利益有关 。
nominations and eight marriages , has died in los angeles at age 79 .	提名和八个婚姻 , 在79岁的洛杉矶死于洛杉矶 。
wild campaign charges were made against both polk and clay .	针对波尔克和克莱克的波尔克战争 , 野生竞选的负责都被制定 。
and these were different from the areas activated during the initial learning of the sequence .	在初步学习序列的初步学习中 , 这些区域不同于区域 。
a large press , inlaid with agate and lapislazuli , filled one .	一个大型的新闻 , 用agate和lapislazzuli , 填充了一个 。
iron the fly area of the pants , then the seams and hem of the first leg .	铁铁裤的飞行区域 , 然后第一条腿的缝纫和海姆 。
objective:to observe the action of ningxue decrease piles suppository .	前言:目的:观察宁雪的作用降低了堆肥供应库的作用 。
breastfeeding pamphlets are available in our hospital to help you .	在我们的医院可用乳喂养小鼠 , 帮助你 。
in order to properly handle criticism , you also need to properly handle praise .	为了适当处理批评 , 您也需要适当的处理赞美 。
horrible . unwilling to die ! can not be married , and divorce !	可怕的 。 不愿死 ! 不能结婚 , 离婚 !
for it is just as when i feed myself – i don't expect to be rewarded .	因为这只是当我喂养自己的时候 , 我不希望得到奖励 。
poor barry stopped a packet when his car was in collision with a lorry .	当他的车辆与一辆耶和华碰撞时 , 穷的巴里停下了一封包 。
when someone says , " i'm a speaker , " this is generally what they mean .	当有人说: " 我是一个演讲者 , " 这通常是他们意思的意思 。
saponification slagfly ash can be used in the high fill sections of highway .	可用于高速公路的高速填充区域 。
the discovery was made by nasa's planethunting telescope kepler .	这项发现是美国宇航局飞机飞机飞机飞机飞机飞机飞机驾驶器制造的 。
his daily work is to riddle coal cinders to get out the larger pieces .	他的日常工作是骑着煤器来获得更大的图片 。
an applied study of radioligand binding assay on some different receptors ;	针对某些不同受体的辐射和绑定评价的应用研究 ;
it is far away in the country , but always with me , wherever i am .	它远远离国家 , 但总是和我一起 , 无论我是在哪里 。
to him , all the farewell sentiments are something one has to endure in life .	对于他来说 , 所有的情绪都是一个必须忍受生命的事情 。
" this project was interesting for manyreasons , " says mr . rochon .	" 这个项目对许多原因感兴趣 , " 罗克隆先生说 。
in fact , the world of friendship there are jealous , that nothing less than love .	事实上 , 朋友世界有嫉妒 , 没有什么比爱少 。
the inmates burst out laughing: " where do you think you are , sweden ? "	" 你认为你是哪里 , 瑞典 ? "
neil webb got injured and i got my chance to play for england .	尼尔网络受伤 , 我得到了我的机会为英格兰踢球 。
so i made some metal tips for my fingers and learned to play again .	所以我为我的手指做了一些金属提示 , 学会再玩 。
if you can keep your cool under stressful situations , she'll notice .	如果你可以保持冷却在强烈的情况下 , 她会注意到 。
with these sprigs just fly ahead of the other pocket bikes in the race .	随着这些分裂只是飞行在比赛中其他的口袋自行车的前面 。
improving the water desalting efficient is also an important method to saving water .	提高水处理效率 , 也是节约水的重要方法 。
jeremy's eyes widened as he looked down at the city lights .	耶里米的眼睛在看着城市灯光的时候 , 看着他的眼睛 。
we left there at 5:00pm , and we were all very happy for this excursion .	我们离开那里5点00pm , 我们都很高兴这个练习 。
how you find " smart " people who know the technology and the business ?	你怎样找到 " 智能 " 的人知道技术和业务 ?
yes , i must thank you for organizing that . i found it most interesting .	是的 , 我必须感谢您组织这一点 。 我发现它最有趣 。
the spring water is of dark green , deep and running all the year round .	春水是绿色 , 深深 , 运行全年 。
this means they will also have access to compulsory education for free .	这意味着他们也会有访问自由的自由教育 。
to recognize the disease , the review and report are as follows .	为了识别疾病 , 审查和报告如下 。
jeanie is right . here inuit can hunt and shoottokill freely .	简妮是对的 , 这里的感觉可以自由打猎和拍摄 。
" i dance rather well for a cowboy , " he told her amusedly .	" 我跳得很好 , 为一个牛仔跳得很好 , " 他对她说 。
meshing the research and marketing operations will be mr . furlaud's job .	刷新研究和营销运作将是弗拉德先生的工作 。
homicides are also rare , which makes new zealand a safe place to live in .	同样罕见 , 这使新西兰一个安全的地方生活进来 。
at citigroup , revenue fell by $28 billion , or 34% .	在城市 , 收入下跌28亿美元 , 或34% 。
could your faith remain firm and immoveable through these challenging times ?	您的信念仍然能通过这些挑战时代移动 , 您的信念吗 ?
it is no good hen that crackles in your house and lay in another's .	没有好的亨利 , 在你的房子里裂缝 , 另一个房子里躺在另一个房子里 。
mr . abas said the talk with powell was deep , severe and hopeful...	阿巴斯先生说 , 与波威尔谈话深刻 , 严重和希望...
the codification of china's private law should model led on german one .	中国私法的编码应该模拟德国一个 。
as a writer , i make my life known and woven into the fabric of literature .	作为一位作家 , 我把我所知的生命和创造成文学的织物 。
before then , operating systems were handcoded in assembly and were not portable .	在此之前 , 操作系统在组装中手工编码并不可移植 。
at least now , you will have something to show for it . it may even end up on youtube .	至少现在至少 , 你会有一些东西来展示它 , 甚至可能结束在你们的东西 。
getting this one in the fairway is a must to avoid the canyon left .	在公平公平的路上 , 必须避免峡谷离开 。
the little mermaid is one of anderson's more moving fairytales .	小梅梅迪是安德森更多的运动公平的运动之一 。
as soon as the baby cormorant breaks the eggs , it is watched by damin himself .	就像婴儿腐烂的小蛋一样 , 它被戴明自己看到了 。
chinese translations shall be attached to the documents and forms done in foreign languages .	中国翻译应当附加文档和形式在外语中执行 。
navy blue is a trusted colour and gives us confidence , " lindsay said . "	林德萨说: " 海军蓝色是一个信任的颜色 , 给我们信心 。 "
except it's difficult to analyze the genes of the extinct mosasaurs .	除了分析未来莫萨尔基因的基因很难分析 。
therefore , collectivity design on the underwater ship hull cleaning robot is finished .	因此 , 完成了水下船壳清洗机器人的集体设计 。
grasp planning is the most important subject of the masterslave dexterous hand grasping .	grasp规划是主奴隶脱色手握手的最重要课题 。
using the latest technologies and procedures in manufacturing , officemanagement and design .	在制造、办公管理和设计中 , 采用最新的技术和过程 。
returns the zerobased index of the item at the specified coordinates .	返回指定协调项目的零基本指标 。
he extended along to see an outside and started to grip a duck leg to bite all alone .	他沿着看到外面 , 开始抓一只鸭腿 , 单独咬一只鸭腿 。
chanel's dedication to the apparel industry will never be forgotten by people of the world .	通道对服装行业的奉献将永远不会被世界人忘记 。
some discussions concerning the application and selected method of power line carrier equipment are also given .	给出了关于电力线载体设备的应用和选择方法 。
a soa is an enterprisescale it architecture for linking resources on demand .	soa是一个企业范围 , 它为链接资源的链接 。
total firsttime enrolment of international graduate students rose 12 per cent this year .	今年 , 国际大学毕业生的第一次加入总额增加了12% 。
the soviet commitment to the destruction of capitalism is not purely ritualistic and proforma .	资本主义破坏的苏联承诺并非纯粹的仪式性和性能 。
the town of lunenburg just like tongli is also a world cultural heritage site .	月球城镇像舌利一样 , 也是一座世界文化遗产网站 。
in this paper , a kind of new catalysts for olefins hydroformylation was studied .	本文研究了一种新型的olefins水化催化剂 。
finally , the key issues for future development and solving strategies were discussed .	最后讨论了未来发展和解决策略的关键问题 。
objective to study the protective effects of pts on focal cerebral ischemia in rats .	目的探讨pts对大鼠焦点脑缺血的保护作用 。
ftlauderdalesun — stark contrast to the violent and swift water of the beach .	ftlauderdaleun-星系对照海滩暴力和漂亮的水 。
tarpaulin , can be seen everywhere in china and is said not only very unique landscape .	塔尔帕林 , 可以看到中国各地的地方 , 说不仅是非常独特的景观 。
a deep change is coming and it aims to transform several life phellolosophelloes .	一个深刻的变化是来的 , 它旨在转换几个生命的phellosophelloes 。
during the summer months , mice will generally live outside and remain contended there .	在夏天的几个月里 , 小鼠一般生活在外面 , 仍然保持在那里 。
the key to making a skidded parallel turn is the controlled sideslip .	使滑动并行转变的关键是控制的侧滑 。
the next step is to instantiate the runtime wires that connect the components .	下一步是实现连接组件的运行时线的运行时线 。
one free draft beer for purchasing draft beer at lunch time in de bistro .	一款免费的抽屉啤酒 , 用于购买饮料啤酒在德比斯特的午餐时间 。
the judge told the prisoner the jury had acquitted him of the charge of bigamy .	法官告诉监狱官 , 陪审员已经收到了他那个大麻的负责 。
the six u . s . schools have awarded more than 2 , 250 degrees here .	这六所美国学校获得了超过22 , 250度的美国学校 。
these attacks must stop and so must the smuggling of weapons into gaza .	这些攻击必须停止 , 所以必须把武器吸入加沙 。
i am very satisfied , from 2001 to the present the past few years amounted to more than live .	我非常满意 , 从2001年到目前几年来 , 到现在的数量超过了生活 。
figure 4: mapping the various abd workflows across several projects	图4:将各种abd工作流映射到几个项目中 。
the medieval worlds in its everyday transactions , had never insisted upon ready money .	在日常事务中 , 中世纪世界从未坚持准备金钱 。
you cannot abuse and torture people and expect to get results that are accurate and credible .	你不能滥用和耐磨人士 , 希望得到准确的结果 , 可靠的结果 。
clark's sgmls is the most widelyused sgml parser in the world .	克拉克的sgmls是世界上最广泛的sgml解析器 。
" look , nanny , perfume , " eleanor holds up a bottle of cologne .	" 看 , 南妮 , 香水 , " 埃伦纳尔举起一瓶cologne 。
have you ever tried to answer questions like these , either for yourself or for someone else ?	你曾经试图回答这些问题 , 无论你自己还是为别人的问题 ?
the catalog contains the latest releases of projects and their descriptions .	目录包含最新发布的项目和其描述 。
it sets out tax policy for the year . since 1997 there has also been a prebudget report .	自1997年以来 , 它设立了税收政策 。 自1997年以来 , 还有一份预算的报告 。
objective to establish the qualitative identification methods of ninxin capsules .	目的建立肾毒素胶囊的定性鉴别方法 。
objective: to set up the fast immune method in detecting ureaplasma urealyticum .	目的:建立快速免疫法检测尿浆尿管尿管尿道尿管尿道肥胖的方法 。
he al ays makes full preparations for his classes and corrects our home ork carefully .	他alays为他的班级做好完整的准备 , 仔细修正我们的家庭轨道 。
lady gaga: for halloween i'm going to be...a little monster ! ! ! !	女士ga: " 我要做的 , 小怪 ! "
and the living creatures ran and returned as the appearance of a flash of lightning .	生活生物的出现是一片闪烁的灯光 。
we caught up with a variety of lawyers and legal academics on the deal .	我们采取了各种律师和法律学术的交易 。
when poissons ratio is zero , tile exact solution of displacement is obtained .	用poisson比为零时 , 得到了位移的精确解决方案 。
affects a maximum of 5 friendly targets and 5 enemy targets .	影响5个友好目标和5个敌人目标的最大目标 。
he apparently expected to see only lattesipping , scriptwriting spectators .	他显然希望看到只有晚期的sipping、脚本写作谱 。
it's a smile , a rather dorky smile , but there's a smile .	这是一个笑容 , 一个宁静的多尔基笑容 , 但是有一个笑容 。
minimizes penetration , which may help prevent burnthrough on thin materials .	最小化惩罚 , 可能有助于防止烧伤的薄材料 。
the state space equation of rigidflexible coupled isolation system is established .	建立了刚性耦合隔离系统的状态空间方程 。
her louboutin ankle boots provide that highfashion edge she's become famous for .	她的洛布丁·安克莱靴子提供了她的高时尚边缘 , 成为著名的 。
high cortisol levels can affect sleep , weight and immune resistance .	高固醇水平可以影响睡眠、重量和免疫抗原 。
resultsincidence rate of psychological problems was 15 . 79% in the editors ;	结果心理问题的发生率为15.79% ;
our publication house plans to publish a series of modern versions of the classics .	我们的出版社计划发布一系列现代版本的古典版本 。
made out of chestnut wood , and all the blocks and cleats are made out of cherry wood .	由胸部木制成 , 所有的块和清洁 , 由樱桃木制成 。
his artwork has been compiled into the series collected art work of jao tsungi .	他的艺术作品已经被编成了《杰森吉》系列收集的艺术作品 。
if you run into crocodiles , just kick them with your boots . you want to catch me up ?	如果你跑进鳄鱼 , 只要用你的靴子打击它们 , 你想抓住我吗 ?
when you’re enjoying what you do , you’re more likely to do it well and to be successful .	当你喜欢你做的时候 , 你更可能做得很好 , 成功 。
their insights were invaluable to me in putting the " how to " parts of these posts together .	他们的观点对我来说 , " 如何把这些邮件集合在一起 " 如何 " 。
this can be made a skip test to try to ping localhost if apache is in the process list .	如果apache在过程列表中 , 这可以做到一个滑动测试来尝试ping当地主机的测试 。
tom: that is weird . if every comment was left at 2:08 , it must be a clue .	汤姆:那是奇怪的 , 如果每个评论都离开了2:08 , 那就必须是一个线索 。
andrew feustel , an astronaut , got soap in his eye and started tearing up .	安德鲁·费斯特尔 , 一名宇航员安德鲁·费斯特尔在眼睛里得到了肥皂 , 开始泪水 。
experimentation proved that tdd digital handset is feasible in technology .	实验证明 , tdd数字手机在技术上可行 。
we will provide you some inquiry or reference about view , food , residence during the journey .	我们将为您提供一些关于视图的查询或参考 , 食品 , 在旅途期间 , 住宅 。
enrico letta of the democratic party of the left said the violence must be deplored .	左派民主党的教学信塔说 , 暴力必须被删除 。
joe:well , it's a ...ok . let me teach you . one plus one equals two .	乔:好吧 , 这是一个...好吧 。 让我教你 。 另外一个等于两个 。
this paper makes a further development on the basis of the study made by the traditional grammarians .	本文对传统语法学家制作的基础进行了进一步的研究 。
reference:help improve . . . . therefore , it is in the basic interestes of all chinese .	参考:help提高 。 因此 , 中国各地的基本利益都是在基本利益 。
this moment will nap , you will have a dream ; but this moment study , you will interpret a dream .	这个时刻会解释 , 你会有一个梦想 ; 但是这个时刻的研究 , 你会解释梦想 。
like i mentioned , you can also use " i want to " to ask if you may do something indirectly .	就像我提到的那样 , 你也可以使用 " 我想要 " 请问你可以直接做一些事情 。
i did ask and the guy said he was neg and only ever played safe but hadnt been tested in over a year .	我问和那个男孩说他是否被忽略了 , 只有在一年里没有测试过安全但是没有测试过 。
thee guy replies , " oh , that was his mother . she wanted him tobe a doctor . " "	家伙回答说: " 哦 , 这是他的母亲 。 她希望他成为医生 。 "
well it is a watch but it is a steampunk watch and that is what makes all the difference .	好的 , 这是一个看法 , 但它是一个蒸汽表 , 这就是使得所有的差异 。
butterflies , flying around della , said , " can you smell the spring in the air ?	戴拉周围飞行的蝴蝶 , 说: " 你能在空中闻到春天吗 ?
i swear to god . i'll throw you out of this house and never look at you again !	我向上帝誓言 , 我将把你扔出这个房子 , 再也从不看你 !
every time you touch your face , you're oepositing dirt and oil , which can clog pores .	每当你触摸你的脸部时 , 你都会接触到糖尿病和油 , 可以吸引clog孔 。
the premium line will be designed by tara members , and include their writing and pictures .	第一行将由塔拉成员设计 , 包括他们的写作和照片设计 。
if an amount is not stated in the appendix to tender this sub clause shall not apply .	如果申请人申请的数额不须申请申请申请申请 。
and ebay claims it does a better job of preventing fraud than other payment services .	而ebay声称 , 预防诈骗的工作比其他支付服务更好 。
correlation of different tnm stages in the overall correlation coefficient is0 . 569 .	不同tnm阶段的关系总相关系数为0.569 。
if you give up the right , anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law .	如果你放弃权利 , 你所说的任何东西都可以用在法院的法院 。
at the same time . the interference in the detection caused by the presence of m50 alkyl...	同时 , 由m50烷基的存在引起的m50烷基检测的干扰 。
may you remain strong and continue praying for us , most honoured and reverent lord .	愿你依然坚强 , 继续为我们祈祷 , 大多数荣誉和尊敬耶和华 。
you can also design your own modules , so webmin can always be adapted to fit your needs .	您还可以设计自己的模块 , 因此webmin总是可以适应您的需求 。
the dialer makes out going phone calls on the pc with a usb phone or headset .	拨款人用usb电话或头部打电话打电话 。
we want to try to solve problems that have troubled our nations and our relationship for decades .	我们希望努力解决这个问题 , 几十年来我们的国家和我们的关系 。
there are many many ways round it , i think that at every occasion we need to look for the best fingering .	有许多方式 , 我认为每次我们需要寻找最好的手指 。
finally , when she turned fortyfive years old , she found the courage to walk away .	最后 , 当她转了四十五岁的时候 , 她发现勇气离开 。
there is nothing more damaging than not having a single question at the end of an interview .	在采访结束时 , 没有什么更多的损害 , 没有一个问题 。
sundress in chiffon with adjustable shoulder straps and layered sweep .	舒适的肩带有可调节的肩带和层状的汗水 。
in addition , bba could increase the expression of hsp60 at 12 h after sn lesion .	此外 , bba在sn病变后可以增加hsp60的表达 。
merrie shook her head . “i don’t think they’ve figured out yet how to live . ”	" 我不认为他们还是如何生活了 。 "
the second newly confirmed case was a 23yearold man from bogor , west java .	第二个新证实的案例是一个23岁的男人 , 来自波格尔 , 西杰瓦 。
single flagship product with potential integrations to other aspects of the sccm suite	单个旗舰产品具有潜在的整合性 , 对于scm套件的其他方面 , 具有潜在的整合性 。
i'm carl azuz , welcome to a new week of cnn student news .	我是卡尔·阿兹 , 欢迎新星期的cn学生新闻 。
last time john flow to hong kong he was so ill he had to use the airsickness bag .	上次约翰流向香港 , 他很病 , 他必须使用空气袋 。
when i got it out of the trash , it was covered in soggy , sticky garbage .	当我从垃圾中获得它时 , 它覆盖在蛋糕里 , 粘着垃圾里 。
listen to the reports , know the landscape , plug your ears , and go on ahead .	听报告 , 了解景观 , 把耳朵插入 , 然后走上去 。
lest the lord see it , and it displease him , and he turn away his wrath from him .	让耶和华看见它 , 让他放弃他 , 他从他那里转过来 。
plg and antibiotic group exhibited significantly lower scores than others .	plg和抗生素组表现明显低于其他人 。
if they do something good , no matter how small , celebrate like they just landed on the moon !	如果他们做一些好事情 , 无论如何小 , 庆祝他们只是在月球上登陆 !
idiographic type , each technical parameter , please call oremail !	图形类型 , 每个技术参数 , 请打电话邮件 !
there's someone who loves you far more than you know with a love that kee growing as days come and go .	有些人喜欢你远远超过你知道的爱情 , 就像日子一样生长 , 去了 。
globalisation is a catchall to describe increased international trade .	全球化是描述国际贸易的捕捉力 。
use the " i'm frustrated " pattern to express yourself when you feel stifled ,	用 " 我令人沮丧 " 的模式来表达自己 , 当你感到僵硬的时候 , 用自己表达自己 。
my parents speak and act like " old children " , often make people laugh .	我的父母说话和行为如 " 老孩子 " , 常让人们笑 。
buffalo has offered many insights into the human dance in the materials we have shared .	布法洛在我们共享的材料中提供了许多看法 。
the u . s . emerged from the grueling 20072009 recession just over two years ago .	美国2007-2009年的经济衰退仅仅两年前出现了美国 。
kneed for 10 minutes and set aside in a large bowl until double in size .	膝盖10分钟 , 放在大碗里 , 直到两个尺寸 。
her children vetoed the idea , saying mr . diez just wants her money .	她的孩子们把这个想法转向了 , 说迪兹先生只是想要她的钱 。
things between us you can't hide , a stranger's hand weighs upon your mind .	我们之间的事情不能隐藏 , 一位陌生的手重在你的心里 。
however , when the snow continued to the south sala , has become a disaster .	然而 , 当雪继续到南沙拉时 , 已经成为灾难 。
here is the reddest rose in all the world . you will wear it tonight next your heart .	这里是世界上最红色的玫瑰 , 今晚你会穿上你的心里 。
love is our true destiny . we do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone .	爱是我们真正的命运 , 我们不会发现自己独自的生命意义 。
out of his trance jim seemed quickly to wake . he enfolded his della .	他的悲伤jim似乎很快醒来了 。 他把他的戴尔加放进去 。
the breed is only one in a gallery of bizarre variations of the common goldfish .	种子只是一个在一幅普通金鱼的花园里 , 只有一个在一片比萨尔变化的花园 。
ceaselessly musing , venturing , throwing , seeking the spheres to connect them .	不停地肌肉 , 静脉 , 扔下 , 寻求螺旋连接它们 。
how can a side , the spot asked zhu xiaoshui is a small shewolf .	如何可以一边 , 问朱晓淑是一个小小的羊毛 。
dragons are terrifying and aweinspiring as they take wing and breathe fire .	龙正在恐怖和愤怒 , 因为他们采取翅膀和呼吸的时候 , 呼吸 。
but your precious hours are probably better spent thinking about whether you like your date .	但是你珍贵的时间可能会更好地花费思考你是否喜欢你的日期 。
yet others advertise their services – known as escort services – on the internet .	然而 , 其他人广告他们的服务 , 称为scort服务 , 在互联网上 。
if they add artificial intelligence , we can find out if the device is happy as a clam .	如果他们添加人工智能 , 我们可以找到设备是否快乐 , 如果设备就会发现 。
in addition , 2/84 cases could not be detected by rsca for their poor pcr results .	此外 , 2/84例患者不能被rsca检测到他们的贫困pcr结果 。
i'll live my life apart from you , just glimpsing you across the sky .	我把我的生命远离你 , 只是在天空上闪烁你 。
people , but i don't know , at the same time , i think people are really interested in what they're doing .	人们 , 但我不知道 , 同时我觉得人们真正感兴趣他们做的事情 。
greek , made in athens , 510 – 490 bc , from vulci , italy .	希腊 , 在雅典制作 , 510-490bc , 来自意大利维尔奇 , 意大利 。
this not only recite a long time , will be known to the " cooked " to " fine " , as i can .	这不仅是一段时间 , 就会被人们所知的 " 烹饪 " 到 " 好 " 的时候 , 就像我能做的那样 。
young plants of the wheat and the grass were the best to feed the nymphae .	小麦的年轻植物和草是最好饲养nmpha的最佳植物 。
nowadays as more and more people study abroad , the returnees are not so popular as before .	目前 , 国外越来越多的人们学习 , 返回也不像以前那样受欢迎 。
however , eventually the crowds tire of him and he gets bored just swinging on tires .	然而 , 最终 , 群众们的疲倦了他 , 他只是在轮胎上游荡 。
as we all know the opium war in 1840 china began to the modernization of humiliation .	正如我们所有人都知道 , 1840年中国的光战开始到现代化的湿润 。
jeb wilkinson: a man has only one life time . but history can remember you forever .	杰布·威尔金森:一个人只有一个生命时间 , 但是历史才能记住你永远 。
the heat then propels the seawater back up through the crust , where it meets colder water .	然后 , 热将海水推进进到水壳中 , 遇到冷水 。
david k . cohen's teaching and its predicaments takes on that paradox .	大卫k.科恩的教学和其预测在那个悖论上采取了 。
in late 1970s , some npos have realized that marketing may be helpful to reach their goal .	在1970年代末 , 一些npos已经意识到市场可能有助于达到他们的目标 。
crop scientist jess lowenbergdeboer says this helps local farmers relate to them .	农作物科学家jesssssssssssssssssssssss低伯格德博尔说 , 这帮助当地农民与他们相关 。
say , " mary is my friend , and it makes me feel bad to hear you talk this way . "	说: " 玛丽是我的朋友 , 让我觉得很糟糕 , 听到这句话 。 "
nitrate was the mainly form of dissolved inorganic nitrogen in zhelin bay .	硝酸镍是zhelin湾溶解无机氮的主要形式 。
consider purchasing a hepa filter to remove the greatest amount of allergens .	考虑购买肝过滤器去除最大的过敏原料 。
if you decide to have a more featurerich database later , you will have to change the code in your application .	如果您决定有更多特性的数据库 , 您必须在应用程序中改变代码 。
one day , when they do find time to stop to smell the flowers , it might be too late .	一天 , 当他们找到时间停止闻花的时候 , 可能太晚了 。
kra could not be applied to uncertain data directly because uncertain data has probability .	卡拉不能直接应用到不确定的数据 , 因为不确定的数据有可能性 。
please send your resumes , expected salary and photos to address by post .	请发送您的回报 , 期望薪水和照片通过邮件来解决 。
li bai said there is a place near the hot springs , is an excellent place to cultivate .	李白说 , 在热泉附近有一个地方 , 是培养良好的地方 。
but perhaps you'd like to see it in hires on a huge screen ? maybe in 3d ?	但是可能你想在大屏幕上看到它吗 ? 可能在3d里 ?
he kept his strong and vigorous mien . the water bottle in his bag wobbled .	他保持了他的强壮壮和强壮的米恩 。 他的袋子里的水瓶里有一瓶水瓶 。
as logistics sites , cities are of higher risk of harmful biological invasion .	作为物流网站 , 城市是危害生物侵袭的风险较高 。
in joint offense has transitional form of crimes , also exists surplus behavior .	在联合防御中 , 具有过渡的犯罪形式 , 还存在过渡的行为 。
in certain circumstances the capabilities of a human observer are limited .	在某些情况下 , 人们观察器的能力有限 。
careful examination of the orings confirmed that there was no blowby whatsoever .	仔细的检查证实 , 无论是什么样的 。
most of the time this will apply to cutting up visual designs or helping troubleshoot a bug .	大多数时间 , 这将适用于削减视觉设计或帮助麻烦 。
no matter where i go , yangzhou's snacks will never leave my mind .	无论我去哪里 , 杨州的小吃将永远不会留下我的心 。
the increasing speed of internet connections is the main reason for the fastgrowth .	互联网连接的增加速度是快速增长的主要原因 。
here's hoping that more of his work gets translated into english . and soon , please !	这里希望他的作品更多的翻译成英语 , 很快请快 !
representation of cancer in the medical literature a bibliometric analysis	医学文献中癌症的代表表表表现为生物学分析 。
the mayfly is to trout fly fishing , what the microchip is to the personal computer .	飞行的可能性是向个人计算机发射飞行 , 微芯片是什么样的 。
we pissed our teacher off again today , horsing around and acting up .	今天我们的老师又把我们的老师放下来 , 马围绕着起来 。
the findings of physical examination correlated with the different nerve root deficits .	与不同神经根缺损相关的物理检查结果相关 。
disabling , refractory knee pain that meets both of the following criteria .	残疾 , 折射膝盖疼痛 , 遇见下列标准 。
village environment safety is beautiful and clean , vegetation is rich !	村庄环境安全美丽 , 清洁 , 蔬菜丰富 !
you can air dry sports bras to prolong the life of the moisturewicking fabrics .	您可以空气干燥运动刹车 , 延长水工织物的生命 。
chill winter didn't affect the trend of outbreak of summer and fall .	寒冷的冬天没有影响夏天和秋天的突破趋势 。
in xikang , for instance , a number of problems have cropped up in this field .	比如 , 在西康 , 许多问题已经在这个领域作业了 。
minute fragments of shoot apices are proverbially difficult to culture .	拍摄指标的分数几分钟 , 对于文化来说是很难的 。
a tipical reset technique for five transistors active pixel is proposed .	提出了一种用于五个转换器活性pixel的临界恢复技术 。
well , the answer is simple , the answer is found using a counterexample .	嗯 , 答案简单 , 答案使用反例找到了答案 。
objective: nutrients in northern hibiscus syriacus are determined .	目的:测定北部hibicusyriacus营养成分 。
burning fire dragon in huanglongxi dated back to the southern song dynasty .	黄龙在南宋时期燃烧火龙回到了南宋 。
cu sidhe are huge , dark green fay hounds from the land of ever young .	cusid 她是巨大的 , 黑色绿色的家庭 , 从年轻的土地来说 , 无论是年轻的 。
print a machine parsable list of features the specified plugin provides .	打印一个机器可解析的特性列表 , 指定插件提供 。
the chinese traditional culture is kind of material form of the chinese thinking , speaking and operating .	中国传统文化是中国思想、讲话和操作的材料形式 。
the workers were frequently beaten and were forced to live in prisonlike conditions .	工人经常被打败 , 被迫住在监狱类似的条件下 。
an entrylevel position in sales . eventual goal: manager of marketing department .	销售的进口级位置 。 事件目标:营销部经理 。
in the course of our trip , we have learned a great deal in all the places we visited .	在我们旅行的过程中 , 我们已经在我们访问的各地学习了很大的交易 。
oh , i went to this beautiful place in italy . it's called tuscany .	哦 , 我去意大利这个美丽的地方 , 它叫土斯卡尼 。
that he might sanctify her , cleansing her by the washing of the water in the word .	那时他可能会牺牲她 , 清洗她的话 , 用水洗净她 。
how does ability overcome my old selfabased psychology ? very irritated !	如何克服我的老年自助心理的能力 ? 非常激励 !
there's less than two weeks to go until the start of the shenzhen universiade .	在深圳大学开始之前 , 有两个星期不到两个星期 , 直到深圳大学开始 。
rub the cream , for heating , which is more easily absorbed by the skin .	橡胶 , 用于加热 , 更容易被皮肤吸收 。
the hexapede staggers . it stands , its muscles spasming , then falls over .	它站在一起 , 肌肉痉挛 , 然后倒下来 。
to get myself to actually do , my favorite trick is the 50 minutes rule .	为了获得自己实际上做 , 我最喜欢的技巧是50分钟的规则 。
the next step would be to add the such systems to subways in major metropolitan areas .	下一步将要加入这些系统在主要的地铁地区的地铁 。
in old china , eighty per cent of the children received no formal education .	在中国老年 , 八百分之八的孩子收到没有正式的教育 。
my dad was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in the prime of hellos life .	我爸爸被诊断为hellos寿命的多种硬化症 。
these projects showed the wisdom and innovativeness of the participating students .	这些项目显示了参与学生的智慧和创新性 。
tour montparnasse , with 209 meters the second highest in europe , paris .	209年 , 巴黎第二次最高的欧洲巴黎 。
during the month the house was under repair , we lived with our cousins next door .	几个月 , 房子被修理 , 我们住在我们的房子旁边的房子里 。
the news isn't all bad , according to an accompanying editorial .	根据一份适合编辑的编辑 , 新闻不全是坏的 。
an object of the present invention is to miniaturize a circuit board connector .	本发明的一个对象是微小化电路板连接器 。
uzma mehboob worked as a program manager when the shelter was for women .	uzmamehboob作为一个项目经理 , 当她为妇女工作时 , uzmamehboob作为一个项目经理 。
the paper gives an introduction to the research and produce of the product of base wallpaper .	本文介绍了基壁纸的研究和生产工艺 。
we substituted red balls for blue balls , to see if the baby could notice .	我们为蓝球替代红球 , 看看婴儿是否能注意到 。
the great will of combating the yushu earthquake continuously inspired me .	伟大的战斗将继续激励我 。
this is because the outer cuticle layer of the hair fiber is broken and flaked .	这是因为头发纤维的外部纹层被破坏 , 闪烁起来 。
compound of protease , amylase , diastatic enzyme , mannase etc .	蛋白酶、氨酸、糖尿酶、糖尿病酶等化合物 。
has destroyed argentina's 5 " the super colors " the attack airplane .	已经摧毁了阿根廷5号 " 超级颜色 " 的袭击飞机 。
stress shelter of iesn was less than that of intramedullary interlocking nail .	基因应力剪切器的应力小于内嵌锁钉 。
this furnace is used at the anshan iron and steel co . as demonstration furnace .	本炉用于安山铁和钢铁 。 作为示范炉 。
china's reform on the election system of presiding judge has been implemented for 5 years .	中国对总统法官选举制度的改革已经实施了5年 。
feel the body relax , feel the tenseness disappear , but do not fall asleep .	感觉身体放松 , 感觉紧张的消失 , 但不要睡眠 。
after about 6 months of silence , there have been some significant updates .	在大约6个月的沉默之后 , 有很大的更新 。
they at once take up their nephews' cause , free them , and kill their guards .	他们曾经拿起他们的网络原因 , 免费他们 , 杀死他们的警卫 。
quest , question , there is no coincidence that there is an etymological link between the two .	问问 , 问题是 , 两者之间存在一个情绪的链接 。
the reason behind this is that it makes the products seem to have higher protein levels .	这种背后的原因是 , 它使产品似乎具有较高的蛋白水平 。
azo is deposited by electronic beam evaporation on the k9 substrates .	azo被电子梁蒸发沉积在k9基底上 。
a polling station is where i vote and is listed on my elector information card .	一个调查站是我投票的地方 , 被列入电梯信息卡上 。
pvc insulated and pvc sheathed fine steel wire armoured power cables .	pvc绝缘和pvc剪切细钢电缆 。
the membrane technology has been widely used in the water treatment industry .	膜技术在水处理工业中广泛应用 。
when the tank is filled , it will fill in all the gaps and pull the plastic tight .	当坦克填充时 , 它将填补所有的差距 , 然后把塑料紧紧缩 。
in the marmoset kitchen , peter prepares the monkeys' daily menu .	在马尔摩塞厨房里 , 彼得准备猴子日常菜单 。
gold apt to look for in the world , human world bosom friend difficult to seek .	金apt寻找世界上 , 人类的世界主导朋友难以寻找 。
the paper also describes descaling scheme , control conditions and cleaning results .	文章还描述了模拟方案、控制条件和清洗结果 。
my recommendation is to choose one of these activities , most days of the week .	我的建议是选择这些活动之一 , 大多数日子 。
the theory of tidal friction is the concern of dynamic oceanography .	潮摩擦理论是动态地理学的关注 。
the excited o_2 molecule oxidizes a free radical in the solvent .	激发的o2分子氧化物在溶剂中自由基 。
jenna: an australian accused a chinese restaurant of cooking koalas .	珍娜:澳大利亚指责一家中国餐厅烹饪卡拉斯 。
the homotopy operator of difference complex is an important result .	差异复杂的同步操作符是一个重要结果 。
well , if i had the option , i would really like to go to grad school for linguistics .	好吧 , 如果我有选项 , 我真的喜欢去学习语言学校 。
they found that individuals have reduced selfconcept clarity after a breakup .	他们发现 , 个人在突破之后降低自我概念清晰度 。
tonight tis zhichunlu warm air of new insect sound through the green screens .	今天晚上 , 组织将新昆虫的温暖空气透过绿色屏幕 。
the rotating slip ring is insulated from the shaft by a laminated plastic bushing .	旋转滑环由一个拉伸塑料冲刷而绝缘 。
while arousing more , then such as mercury xian ground , the glory yi shoot ;	随着越来越多的时候 , 如梅克里xian地面 , 荣耀的yi射击 ;
preparation of manpower , funds and materials for rescue and disaster relief ;	制备人力、资金和资金 , 为救援和灾难救援 ;
this painting is of no use to draw the shades of images of light distribution .	这幅画没有用来绘制光分布图像的形状 。
the candidates will received their test report forms with one month after they finished their test .	候选人将接受他们的测试报告表 , 每个月完成他们的测试 。
when disturbed , the fish inflates itself and becomes globular in form .	当被扰乱的时候 , 鱼自身膨胀 , 变成全球的形式 。
content schematics show concise pictures of what makes a data structure big .	内容模式显示了如何使数据结构大 。
its nine points are numbered 100 through 900 for easy citation and reference .	它的九点是通过900个简单的引用和参考来数量的100个 。
i'd love to stay later , but my mom would pitch a fit i'm not home by 10 .	我喜欢晚些时候留下来 , 但我的妈妈会把一个适合我不回家 。
and when you go there , the first thing you think is " oh my god , this place is amazing . "	当你去那里的时候 , 你认为的第一件事是 " 哦 , 这个地方令人惊讶 " 。
she realised then that horrific sexual violence was taking place in every village round goma .	她意识到 , 恐怖性暴力在每个村庄周围都在采取地方 。
in time , maybe two weeks , you'll be ready for a sight and a target .	时候 , 也许两个星期 , 你会准备好准备一个目标和一个目标 。
the character of dividing frequency of granite double fractal is discussed also .	讨论了颗粒双分形分形频率的特点 。
pro: the report based on high resolution image component would be printed in high quality .	前言:基于高分辨率图像组件的报告将在高质量上印刷 。
love does not consist in gazing at each other but looking forward together in the same direction .	爱情不一致 , 彼此不一致 , 而且希望在同一方向同样的方向上共同努力 。
city is a big source of geo environmental polution and its victim as well .	城市是地球环境污染的大源 , 以及其受害者 。
so what should i do ? actually i lied , by the way , when i said the answer was over there .	所以我应该做什么呢 ? 实际上我躺在路上 , 当我说答案在那里 。
we would quickly find out that our presentation was doomed before we ever set foot into the meeting .	我们很快会发现 , 我们的展示在我们曾经设立足球之前 , 我们会议很快就会议了 。
walnut creek is just outside oakland , loves apple products , and has great internet .	沃伦特·克里克克只是在奥克兰外 , 爱苹果产品 , 拥有很大的互联网 。
they tend to forage out into the gulf , where the oil is dominating the seascape , " he says .	他说: " 他们往往往往往往往向海湾挖掘 , 石油正在占领海洋的地方 。 "
this test is interesting because stringbuffers are optimized for performing fast appends .	这项测试有趣 , 因为字符串缓冲区优化了快速应用程序 。
then you can you create helpful checklists or other articles as pdfs that people can download .	然后 , 您可以创建有益的检查列表或其他文章 , 因为人们可以下载的pdfs 。
" if you wait for things to be perfect , you're going to wait a long time .	" 如果你等待事情完美 , 你会等待很长时间等待一段时间 。
view the people who have access to the site you’ll be on the people . aspx page .	看看那些有访问网站的人 , 你将会在人群上 。 aspx页面 。
your eyes show sternness , but more kindness and care . thank you for me feel important .	你的眼睛显得很严肃 , 但更多的善良和关心 。 谢谢你为我感到重要 。
in some cases , yes , but the inherent skepticism lives on , experts say .	专家说 , 在某些情况下 , 是的 , 是的 , 但是内在的怀疑主义生活在一起 , 是的 。
1967 suharto takes over from sukarno to become president of indonesia .	1967年苏哈拉托从苏加诺开始成为印尼总统 。
not only can walking fish live out of water but they can also travel short distances over land .	不仅可以在水里走出鱼 , 而且它们也可以在土地上旅行短距离 。
the boy dropped the apples he had stolen and cut away across the orchard .	男孩把苹果扔下来 , 把苹果剪掉 , 剪掉在口袋上 。
as a new method , ree tracer technique has been widely used in soil erosion research .	作为一种新方法 , 土壤侵蚀研究广泛应用于树脂牵引器技术 。
they also converted one species of bacterium into another through a “genome transplant” .	他们还通过 " 基因移植 " 转移 , 转换了一种细菌 。
it compares well enough with my nikon 50mm f1 . 4 at max aperture .	与我的尼克隆50mf1.4相比 , 最大孔度比较了足够的比较 。
reducing the date rate by onehalf will double the duration of each symbol interval .	减少一半的时间 , 每个符号间隔时间将双倍 。
" then why are you crying ? " asks the bird . " you are making me wet ! "	" 那么你为什么哭 ? " 问鸟儿 , " 你是让我湿了 ! "
since then 16 years , the war stretches continuously , but are relatively small .	自那时16年以来 , 战争连续延伸 , 但相对较小 。
i'm actually a little bit sad because i really like michigan state university .	我实际上有点悲伤 , 因为我真的像密歇根州立大学一样 。
the competition : “i watch all my competitors closely and with lots of respect .	竞争: " 我看到所有竞争对手密切 , 尊重很多 。 "
but dobby had to come . dobby has to protect harry potter . to warn him .	但多比要来 。 多比要保护哈利波特 。 要警告他 。
ben had it out with his roommate about coming back home so late and making a lot of noise .	贝恩和他的室友们一起回家 , 所以晚些时候还有很多噪音 。
when the language in literature is artful , i would choose to read every word .	当文学中的语言是艺术的时候 , 我会选择每一句话读 。
and a lawless afghanistan could again become alqaeda’s base .	阿富汗的一个无法律的阿富汗可以再次成为基地组织 。
also , all of my teammates were courteous , kind and available in the dressing room .	另外 , 我所有的队友都是勇气的 , 在服装室里可用的 。
we have to exclude certain causes , like suicide , in the case of life insurance .	我们必须排除某些原因 , 如自杀 , 在生命保险情况下 , 就像自杀 。
i love tuktuks , the motoring equivalent of putting your head in a blender .	我喜欢tuktututututuktutuk , 等于把头放在一个混合器中 。
you can make water roll off guo's metals by tilting them less than five degrees .	你可以通过将水卷掉郭的金属 , 使得他们的金属低于五度 。
maggie said , 'i know , but it's only a year and a half away from graduating .	马吉说 , " 我知道 , 但这只是一年一半的毕业生 。
even when seeking only a casual liaison , do not go out dressed like an unmade bed .	即使在寻找一个残酷的丽莎松时 , 不要穿着像一个不制造的床子 。
it arrived on plastic plates with the meat dropping off the bone by the handful .	它到达塑料板上 , 用肉滴下骨头 , 把骨头放下来 。
botos forage among flooded trees for fish , crabs , and turtles .	鱼类、蟹类和龟类之间的植物通常为食物树 。
boilers not replaced by 2030 would need to be modified to meet the new regulations .	2030年锅炉不需要修改2030年锅炉 , 以满足新的规定 。
our lives will be filled with joy and hope and all the blessings god wants for us .	我们的生活将充满快乐和希望 , 祝福上帝希望我们的祝福 。
last year we had 30 mayors from the chongqing area in my city of chattanooga .	去年我们从重庆地区的30名市长在我市的查塔诺加州 。
after all , it doesn’t matter what you have access to if you can’t read it .	毕竟 , 如果你不能读不到它的话 , 它不管你有什么访问 。
they are selfconfident and have strong opinions on a variety of issues .	他们是自信的 , 在各种问题上具有强烈的意见 。
designating who ihr contact points at the headquarters or the regional level ;	指定在总部或地区水平的ihr接触点谁 ;
i think we're in for a longer trend of either malaise or just a down channel .	我觉得我们是一个更长的趋势 , 或者只是一个下渠道 。
but the effect is too unspecific and will rarely lead to clearance and seroconversion .	但效果太不具体 , 很少会导致清除和分泌转换 。
needless to say it's a welcome drenching but it still isn't all that much fun .	无需说这是一个欢迎的梦想 , 但它仍然是那么有趣的 。
highback booster seat designed to fit a growing child up to 120 lbs .	高回弹提升机座位设计适合一个生长的孩子到120lbs 。
stone is a gogetter . he'll make an excellent student body president .	石头是一个目标 , 他会做一个优秀的学生体育总统 。
the cause of corrosion and elimination method of 188 stainless steel are discussed .	讨论了1888无锈钢腐蚀和消除方法的原因 。
she says she's considering reopening once the residents are allowed to move back .	她说她正在考虑重新开放一旦居民被允许搬回来 。
so dust off that old diary , or open up a word document , and try it .	所以把那个旧日记丢掉 , 或者打开一个单词文档 , 然后尝试它 。
proper kgm concentration can keep sphere shape and meet constant release rate .	适当的kgm浓度可以保持球形状并满足常量释放率 。
this is a story about michael berrian , a homeless man from newark , new jersey .	这是一个关于迈克尔·贝利亚的故事 , 来自新泽西的一个无家族人 。
and i will feed the flock of slaughter , even you , o poor of the flock .	而且我愿意喂养奴隶的群体 , 即使你 , 贫穷的群体 。
download the ps3 otheros installer from sony and save it as otheros . self .	下载ps3其他os安装器从索尼下载 , 保存它作为其他os 。
a scan of 4337 other cases and 2077 controls yielded the same result .	其他437例患者和2077年对照组成的扫描结果相同 。
for instance , if your boss is late for your meeting , then you have more time to prepare .	例如 , 如果你的老板迟到会议 , 那么你有更多时间准备 。
the " she " serial works show the living condition of chinese women of different backgrounds .	" 她 " 系列作品展示了不同背景的中国女性生活状况 。
it mounts just behind your shower head , so you won’t even notice it’s there .	它只是在你的淋浴头后 , 所以你甚至不会注意到它 。
if i could choose between his life and bill gate's life , it's a nobrainer .	如果我可以选择他的生命和比尔盖特的生命之间 , 那就是一个诺贝尔大脑 。
cable has good earthing and bending performance and high electric insulating performance .	电缆具有良好的地球和弯曲性能和高电绝缘性能 。
paradoxically , the principle of voluntary join caused a low attendance of farmers .	自愿联盟的原则 , 导致农民参与较低的注意力 。
the cross location is the uppermost location mode for the shipborne microwave oth radar .	交叉位置是船舶微波导弹雷达最高位置方式 。
this indicates the general historical trend and this is what the people aspire , which nobody can defy .	这表明了一般历史趋势 , 这是人们所吸引的 , 没有人能防御的东西 。
i managed to persuade quite a few people to see me , and i must keep the appointments .	我经常说 , 几个人看见我 , 我必须保持承诺 。
the control of hydrogen sulfide using biological fixedfilm filter is an economical and effective method .	利用生物固定膜滤波器对硫化氢的控制是一种经济有效的方法 。
different strides of different personalities captured in fullbody shots while strolling in orchard road .	不同的个性观念在全身拍摄时 , 各种不同的个性观念在奥尔查德路上拍摄 。
for the employees and between enterprises , the enterprises should be the staff after the first win win .	对于企业和企业之间的员工来说 , 企业应该是第一赢得胜利的员工 。
then cics eci connection factory then supplies the connection properties for the cics server .	然后cicseci连接厂为cics服务器提供连接性能 。
bladesystem presents a hierarchical and interrelated infrastructure to the management console .	bladesystem为管理台提供了层次和相关基础设施 。
qin territory for the late warring states , qin unified china after a county in the north .	秦领土为晚期战争状态 , 秦统一中国在北部一县 。
virtualization gives cloud administrators the ability to handle more requests with fewer systems .	虚拟化给云管理员带来了更少的要求 , 以处理更少的系统的能力 。
the answer has got to be this is what the objection says the answer has got to be , obviously not .	答案已经得到了 , 这就是对象说答案已经得到了 , 显然没有 。
methods the ink print of fingerprint and palmar patterns were obtained with informed consent .	方法采用信息一致的方法对手指印刷和手指印刷印刷印刷印刷的印刷进行分析 。
the flooding reignites one of the key debates over the construction of the three gorges dam .	洪水主权人对三峡大坝建设的关键争论之一 。
while ea quarter of adults would prefer to live into their 90s somewhat longer than expected .	虽然ea季节的成年人愿意生活在90年以上的时间比预期更长 。
for this reason , we continue to remain bearish on indian equities over the intermediateterm trend .	对于这一原因 , 我们继续保持印度股权在中期趋势下的印度股权 。
distance two labeling ( or l—labeling ) is motivated by the channel assignment problem .	距离两个标签 " 或l-----------------------------------------------
bamboo fibre after thorough degreasing , take off sugar , to take off the protein processing .	竹纤维在增加程度后 , 取消糖 , 取消蛋白处理 , 取消蛋白处理 。
sequence analysis showed that it contained the basic characteristic of primary structure of promoter .	序列分析表明 , 该方法包含了促进剂的主要结构的基本特点 。
the synthesis of carbon nanotubes was conducted in a quartz tube furnace .	在石英管炉中进行了碳纳米管的合成 。
amethyst assists in learning the frequencies necessary for the transcendence of karma .	甲基酯协助学习频率的必要性 。
methods the model of alcoholic hepatic disorder was established by feeding alcohol liquor .	方法采用饲料酒精液建立酒精肝疾病模型 。
it assures us a promising season of summer and also the most iportant havvest seasonautum .	它保证了夏天的承诺季节 , 也是夏天最重要的季节 。
the chlorination equilibrium of cupric oxide has been investigated using the circulation method .	采用循环法对沥青氧化物的氯化平衡进行了研究 。
honeypot skill is one of the active defense network security techniques .	蜂蜜点技能是一个积极的防御网络安全技术 。
extensible authentication protocol can support a lot of authentication mechanisms .	可扩展验证协议可以支持许多认证机制 。
they abused their power and bullied the people , thus arousing intense discontent among the masses .	他们滥用了他们的力量 , 把人民的力量 , 因此在群众中引起强烈的不足 。
however , other file types , from psds to rtfs , are accepted and up and downloadable .	然而 , 其他文件类型 , 从psds到rtfs , 被接受并可下载 。
qian xuesen is one of the greatest scientists who have made great contributions to the science cause .	秦雪森是最大的科学家之一 , 他们对科学造成了巨大的贡献 。
when ed finds out , sam agrees to help the fbi capture several key members of the cartel .	当爱德发现时 , 萨姆同意帮助fbi捕获几个关键成员的卡特尔 。
he was shocked to find his 20yearold daughter wearing them after she returned home from studying in the us .	他被震惊地找到了20岁的女儿穿着她回到美国学习家的时候 , 穿着他们 。
lin came back to china in 1925 to work as principal of the beiping state vocational art school .	林回到1925年 , 作为北京国家职业艺术学校的主要工作 。
resultsthe patients were followed up for 312 months . all cases obtained satisfactory results .	结果312个月患者随访患者 , 所有患者满意度结果 。
then leaning over , paderewski reached down with his left hand and began filling in a bass part .	然后 , 帕德鲁维斯基和左手接下来 , 开始填写基本部分 。
the former operator appends to the existing file , and the latter overwrites existing content .	前操作符适用于现有的文件 , 后来翻译现有内容 。
it can be obtained that quantity of the martensitic transformation reduces with the increase of these factors .	可获得马氏体变形量随着这些因素的增加而降低马氏体变形量 。
then the king called in one hundred and eighty maids of honor and ordered sun wu to train them .	然后 , 王在一百八十年的荣誉和命令孙武训练他们 。
fuk golden words below to apply the same process for " fu as the east china sea water " font .	英国金字下面应用同样的过程 , 作为中国东海水 " 字 " 字 。
rosenberg told the brothers only that the target was a man who had been extorting and threatening him .	罗森伯格告诉弟兄只有那个目标是一个人 , 他正在向他威胁他的男人 。
afternoon: the queen hosts an official wedding lunch for 650 guests at the palace .	下午:女王主办了一个正式的婚礼午餐 , 在宫里650名客人 。
the real right means one right that the country and others shouldn't and have no capability to invade optionally .	真正的权利意味着 , 国家和其他人不应该有能力 , 无法选择侵入 。
upon installation , brea will be the largest municipal user of solar power in orange county .	在安装过程中 , brea将是橙色县太阳能最大的市用户 。
as of tuesday , the volcano in iceland was still erupting , though the cloud was lower .	星期二 , 冰岛火山仍在爆发 , 虽然云降低 。
helps to even out my skin tone , and hydrates the skin as i have very dry skin .	帮助甚至离开皮肤 , 水化皮肤 , 因为我干燥的皮肤很干燥 。
convective clouds had come to an end only when the road is sadly maek maek red dust storms .	传统云已经到了唯一的道路时 , 只有马克·马克·红尘暴风雨的时候才来到了一端 。
sooner or later , the wave will come along and knock down what we have worked so hard to build up .	早或晚些时候 , 波浪就会沿着 , 打击我们所工作的那么难建立的事情 。
a noble professional virtue is in accord with the fundamental interests of the party and the people .	根据党的基本利益和人民的基本利益 , 新型专业美德是根据党的根本利益 。
they could also encourage their employees to donate their time to a local entrepreneurs’ club .	他们还可以鼓励他们的员工捐款时间来捐赠当地企业家的俱乐部 。
it means that the teams we are matching you against have average mmrs well under 1500 .	这意味着我们的团队在1500年之下 , 与你相匹配的是平均的mrs先生 。
street photographer four wonderful marketing ideas , marketing way to force invincible !	街上摄影师四大奇妙的营销思想 , 市场营销方式力量不可避免 !
expert comment: this little filly will be the star in the short , symmetrical shape .	专家评论:这小飞行将是短期的星形 , 对称形状 。
the two women leaned upon the wroughtiron window rail in the shadow of the curtains .	两个女人在城市的阴影中留下了铁窗铁路 。
indoctrination in education is the one of patterns of the great influence of education in west .	教育的产业是西方教育大影响的模式之一 。
lewis . a mars rampant with life . a watercovered venus populated with floating , living islands .	路易斯 。 一个火星带着生命的火星 , 发现了一个被浮动的火星 , 生活的岛屿 。
and likewise also james and john , the sons of zebedee , who were partners with simon .	同样也有詹姆斯和约翰 , 西比亚的儿子 , 与西蒙合作伙伴 。
kwan insisted on into the pioneer battalion , along with ellen pau kill children .	kwan坚持进入先锋战役 , 随着埃伦帕杀死孩子 。
he's getting barraged with new scripts every month from filmmakers across asia .	他每个月都在从亚洲电影制作商的电影制作中获得破产 。
they carried banners advocating religious freedom and sang “we shall overcome . ”	他们携带禁令者倡导宗教自由和歌唱 " 我们应该克服 " 。
was he simply obeying a sort of instinctive impulse which was obscure even to himself ?	他是否简单地服用了一种无机冲击 , 甚至是自身也是不可避免的 ?
the piezoelectricity as the function material is extensive applied in automobile .	在汽车中 , 压电作为功能材料广泛应用于pezo电力 。
dobby is a free elf , and dobby has come to save harry potter and his friends !	多比是自由的 , 多比已经来节省哈利波特和他的朋友 !
if encounter without , although fine but can be trapped large prey , tenacity and clinking .	如果遇到不到的话 , 虽然没有细小 , 但可以追踪大量的猎物 , 张力和克林 。
we strolled through the old town and watched a very old house being demolished .	我们走过老镇 , 看着一个很古老的房子被拆除了 。
the first thing you see when you walk in the door . our little friends are from anthropologie .	第一件事是你在门前走的时候 , 我们的小朋友来自人类学 。
and while some flareups need immediate attention , your involvement isn't always required .	虽然某些空白需要立即注意 , 您的参与并不总是需要 。
price risk arises in nontrading portfolios , as well as in trading portfolios .	价格风险在非交易组合中出现 , 以及交易组合 。
this kind of instrument has many features , such as high s/n , good equability and nondeliquescence .	这种仪器具有较高的s/n、良好的平衡性和非水平性等特点 。
this leads then to the account of the birth of moses , and his exposure to the nile river .	然后 , 这导致了摩西诞生的帐户 , 他对尼尔河的暴露 。
he hasnot claimed libya had weapons of mass destruction to be used against us .	他没有声称利比亚拥有大规模破坏武器 , 以防我们使用 。
subsequent investigations by japanese authorities confirmed the teacher had been taguchi .	随后日本当局的调查证实 , 老师已被塔格奇 。
you need a better productivity approach so you can collaborate with others on a common project .	您需要更好的生产力方法 , 这样您可以在一个普通工程上与其他人合作 。
the content is available for reuse in your new and existing solution information center projects .	内容可用于您的新和现有的解决方案中心项目重用 。
if you must have whale , cetacean biltong is more palatable than the fresh stuff .	如果你必须有鲸鱼 , cetaceanbiltong比新鲜的东西更可行 。
right click control the knuckle angle , left click control the slewing and topping angle .	右点击右键的角度 , 左点击控制滑角和顶点角度 。
yanzi went to the palace in a broken carriage pulled by thin and weak horses .	燕子走到宫殿里 , 被薄弱的马脉冲着的一条破碎的小船上 。
to promote local food culture , mining native dishes lay a good foundation for the essence .	为促进当地的食品文化 , 采矿本地菜为本质提供了良好的基础 。
the statistical breakdown property of a vacuum contact has been studied experimentally .	实验研究了真空接触的统计断裂性能 。
database resources can be accessed using both jdbc and recordlevel access .	数据库资源可以使用jdbc和记录级访问访问访问访问 。
the background , objective , challenge , and main efforts toward the research of hpcs are presented here .	介绍了hpcs的背景、目标、挑战和主要努力 。
we does the servant girl in the yard listen to your still listen to qiao jean ?	我们在院里的仆人听着你仍然听到乔玉安的听话吗 ?
and also if some of are familiar with buddha's twelve deeds , buddha's life story .	同时 , 如果有些人熟悉佛的十二次死亡 , 佛教的生命故事 。
now here's the good news we've discovered that your other leg doesn't need to be removed after all .	现在 , 这里是我们发现的好消息 , 你的其他腿不需要被删除 。
objective to investigate the value of ct diagnosing intraluminal masses of small intestine .	目的探讨小肠内肿瘤ct诊断的价值 。
the doctrine of umberrimae fidei is a basic principle of marine insurance law .	umberrimaefidei的教学是海洋保险法的基本原则 。
frederick lam , executive director of the hong kong trade development council , hong kong .	香港贸易开发委员会执行董事fredericklam , 香港 。
this , it appears , is the legacy i have received and have now bequeathed to my own child .	这一点 , 它似乎是我收到的遗留 , 现在已经被送到我自己的孩子 。
the distant galaxy was detected using a phenomenon called gravitational lensing .	利用引力透镜检测了距离星系的现象 。
in this review , the study history and the definition of starburst galaxies are introduced first .	本文首先介绍了星系星系的研究历史和定义 。
this paper discusses how to do novelty searches on line for a phd dissertation proposal .	本文讨论了如何为一个phd解析建议进行新颖的搜索 。
they also say they like the design flexibility they get by eliminating the spaceconsuming spare tyre .	他们还说 , 他们喜欢这样的设计灵活性 , 通过消除空间消耗轮胎 。
one of globalization's key features is the ability to handle multiple languages .	全球化的关键特征之一是处理多语言的能力 。
you harshly scold your daughter for knocking the cup over . she breaks down in tears .	你很高兴把你的女儿打开杯子 。 她在泪水中断了下来 。
editor's note: the original version of this story misstated dr . markel's name .	编辑的注意:这个故事的原始版本失踪了马克尔博士的名字 。
wooden materials in various tones and factures are used as the predominant materials in the design .	在设计中 , 木材在各种内容和事实上被用作主要材料 。
the money collected was used to build a statue of zeus at the entrance to the stadium .	收集的钱被用来建立一个在体育场的零星 。
he turns and scolds a group of local fighters lounging at a nearby roadblock .	他转了一群当地的战斗员在附近的道路块附近登陆 。
his roommate’s bed was tightly close to the window , while he could only lie in bed all day long .	他的房间床紧紧紧靠窗户 , 尽管他只能躺在床上 。
the paper describes the development and tests of model cjk 200 automatic suction and discharge changer .	本文介绍了cjk200自动支持和排放变量器的开发和测试 。
a lot of people also sit outdoors , enjoying the cool , breezy nighttime air .	很多人也坐在室外 , 享受凉爽的夜空 , 冷却的夜空 。
the curious feature of superstrings , however , is that they can only vibrate in 10 dimensions .	然而 , 超字符串的奇怪特征是 , 它们只能在10维内振动 。
i'm always confused when people rave about how much they " save " at warehouse club stores .	当人们在仓库俱乐部的商店时 , 我总是很混淆 。
bill coore graduated from wake forest university in 1968 and began working for pete dye .	比尔·科尔毕业于1968年华克森林大学 , 开始为pete染料工作 。
john menard and paul menard , father and son of menard's hardware superstores .	约翰·梅纳德和保罗·曼纳德的父亲和门德的硬件监督员的儿子 。
the multistaged castle sieges and character progression are two of my favourite new additions .	多年级的铸件筛选和性格进步是我最喜欢的新加入两个 。
we started off with a cocktail at the hotel bar , the libertine and it knocked my socks off .	我们在酒店的酒店里开了一辆咖啡尾酒 , 自由车 , 然后它打断了我的袜子 。
western europe's 10% jobless rate is expected to hit 12% by mid1995 .	1995年中旬 , 欧洲10%的无职率预计将在1995年中旬到12% 。
all of the following criteria must be met in order to have what is considered to be a durable model	以下所有标准都必须满足以下标准 , 以便有所考虑的是一个可持久的模型 。
and god will only prosper our study if we continually exercise ourselves to live by what we learn .	上帝只能适应我们的研究 , 如果我们继续锻炼自己生活在我们学习的事情 。
since 1984 , hiv infection in hong kong report has been accumulated to 4047 people .	自1984年以来 , 香港艾滋病毒感染已积累到4047人 。
and that research found individual brain cells that would respond to one accent — but not another .	这项研究发现 , 个体大脑细胞会反应一个荧光但不再是另一个 。
proverbs 19: 29 penalties are prepared for mockers , and beatings for the backs of fools .	证明了19:29个皮带 , 准备为移动器制备 , 打算为愚蠢的背部 。
subsequently , directsequence and hybrid dsth were proposed to facilitate irma .	接下来 , 提出了直接序列和混合dsth来促进irma 。
the nobel committee described the three physicists as " masters of light " .	诺贝尔委员会描述了三位物理学家作为 " 光明大师 " 的物理学家 。
of course aside from those characters , alphanumerics are allowed and don't need to be encoded .	当然 , 除了这些字符之外 , alphanumerics允许并不需要编码 。
and if you start feeling frisky , and you have eight of ten seconds before work , you know where to find me .	如果你开始感觉frisky , 你在工作前有八秒的时间 , 你知道哪里找到我 。
but we all know , in fact , every time timer is less than 50ms in the mind is under the precision is very poor .	但事实上 , 我们都知道 , 每次时间都少于50毫米的心灵 , 精度很贫穷 。
the serum of immunized rabbits could suppress the hemolytic activity of tdh .	免疫兔血清可以抑制tdh的血液活性 。
we have a very tightknit , super group of lads and i'm sure he'll enjoy his time here .	我们有一个非常紧密的、超级的老板 , 我肯定他会在这里享受他的时间 。
sensors are also used on the starting platforms to monitor false starts and correct relay changeovers .	传感器还在启动平台上使用 , 以监控虚假启动和正确的继电变化 。
heat a pan and a little olive oil , add the langoustine rolls and gently brown .	加热锅和一点橄榄油 , 加入兰花辊和轻松棕色 。
atb is widely used abroad , but seldom used at home . the study on atb has just started in our country .	亚伯广泛应用于国外 , 但很少在国内使用 。 研究阿伯刚刚开始在我国 。
so they jazzed up the story with all of that " huff and puff and blow your house down " .	所以 , 他们把所有的 " 丈夫 " 的故事夹起来 , 把房子吹下来 。
ibm has more than 50 different programmes promoting worklife balance and bank of america over 30 .	ibm拥有超过50个不同的程序促进美国工作平衡和银行30多个银行 。
but there may be problems along the way , as the us and the traditional european powerbrokers have to give way .	但是 , 随着美国和传统欧洲电力制造商的问题 , 可能存在问题 , 因为美国和传统欧洲电力制造商必须给出路线 。
brio reserves the right to modify this terms and conditions without any prior notice .	英国保留权利修改这个术语和条件 , 没有任何先前注意的情况 。
he heard the creak of greyback's boots as he crouched down in front of hermione .	他听到了灰色背景的靴子的破坏 , 因为他在赫敏前往下走了下来 。
musing , pondering , a breath , a briny tear , a dab of liquid or soil .	肌肉 , 潮湿 , 呼吸 , 白色的泪水 , 液体或土壤的大道 。
the contributing plugin fulfills this contract by defining specific values through xml .	通过xml定义特定值来实现该合同的贡献插件 。
the government understood this as well as the parties ; the most insignificant bourgeois felt it .	政府理解这一点和党 ; 最重要的资产阶层感觉到它 。
among them , isochromosome imay be a characteristic of adenocarcinomas of the lung .	其中 , 异质体缺血是肺的腺癌特征 。
you may opt for stones all of the same color , or add one or two offcolor stones for some punch .	你可能选择石头所有的颜色 , 或添加一个或两个超彩色的石头 。
sure , i'd campaigned all over the country , for my husband and for other candidates .	当然 , 我在全国各地竞选 , 为我的丈夫和其他候选人而奋斗 。
the protocols and standards for anycast are under the discussion , but have not reached a consensus .	任何预测的协议和标准都在讨论下 , 但没有达成共识 。
i would be interested to hear more — what values should we prioritize in assessing censorship ?	我很感兴趣听到更多的价值应该在评估审审查中优先授予什么价值 ?
and this party has a better than even chance of retaking at least one house of congress this november .	今年111月至少一个国会议院至少有一个房子 。
for lan/wan connections , lower settings of audio frames per packet are recommended .	针对lan/wan连接 , 建议每包的音频框架下设置 。
the test results indicated that there were markedly effects of space flight , cultivar and storage time .	试验结果表明 , 空间飞行、文化和存储时间明显影响 。
these files , as we might call them , are both sweepingly inclusive and penetratingly minute .	这些文件 , 正如我们可能称之为它们 , 两者都是流汗的包含和透明的分钟 。
what sets the onion apart , however , is that mr obama has not blunted its barbs at all .	然而 , 奥巴马先生还没有把它的酒吧放在一起 。
all this is what it takes to do transactional business messaging , and this is what amqp delivers .	所有这些都是需要做事务业务消息的事务信息 , 这是amqp交付的 。
the blood and sweat of the intersection , mud and fire passion , in a dripping color on .	干预、泥和火情的血液和汗水 , 在滴滴的颜色上 。
in 2010 , of spandex industry boom will continue to rise , union holdings will benefit .	2010年 , spandex行业的增长将继续上升 , 联合国持有利于联合国 。
the optimized rtl is then fed to the code generator , which produces target code .	然后 , 最优化rtl将美联储送到代码生成器中 , 它产生目标代码 。
troy dumais , an american olympian , finished third at 484 . 25 points .	特里·杜马斯 , 美国奥林匹亚奥运会 , 第三次在484.25点完成 。
but in the case of weaver ants in africa , this description may be more than just a metaphor .	然而在非洲 , 这种描述可能超过一个隐喻 。
you can head for the outer remote islands in bahamas if you are looking for seclusion and romance .	如果你正在寻找独立和浪漫的话 , 你可以在巴哈马的外部远程岛屿的头脑 。
the risk detection rate in the middleaged group and the old group was higher than the young group .	中年组的风险检测率高于年轻组 , 老组的风险检测率高于年轻组 。
the story in the advertisement in china is neither mild nor smooth , but has some false .	中国广告的故事既不冷又不平滑 , 又有一些虚假 。
whose is that ? ah , zuhair murad . it was the very first choice . i saw it on the rack .	什么是呢 ? 啊 , 朱发尔·穆拉德 , 这是第一个选择 , 我看到它在rack上 。
all he can say is , this is his shirt . he holds out an arm so she can see the gaping sleeve .	所有他都能说 , 这是他的衬衫 , 他拿出手臂 , 所以她可以看到那个距离袖子 。
" ) i never felt winded , but still got that great " workout sore feeling " the next day .	" 我从来没有感觉到风 , 但仍然得到那么伟大的 " 劳动如此的感觉 " 下一天 。
then he lay awake at night thinking of all the charming gallantries he might have employed ;	然后他躺在夜间醒来思考他可能雇用的所有魅力的花园 。
with a little tweaking , and some helpful tips , swype can be better than what you're using .	随着小小的减弱 , 一些有帮助的技巧 , 可比你使用的更好 。
my journey from las vegas to iowa , at the time when i was young , childish and naive...	我的旅途从拉斯维加斯到爱奥华 , 当时我年轻 , 孩子和海军...
i wish they called me that because it shows he has had success with the players he's brought in .	我希望他们叫我 , 因为它显示他和他带来的球员成功 。
one day , the heavens would part and a perfect , precious cherub would descend on a sunbeam .	有一天 , 天空将部分和一个完美的 , 珍贵的樱桃会在阳光下降 。
it's called a blueprint , a blueprint for reform of our financial regulation .	它被称为蓝色印刷 , 是我们的金融规范改革的蓝色印刷 。
i have a truant here . " said constable johnny . " drive him straight to school . "	约翰尼说: " 我在这里有一个真正的 。 " 直到学校 。
the battle lines of the new world order were exposed at the world trade organization this week .	本周 , 新世界秩序的战斗线在世界贸易组织暴露 。
the nabe forecast appears to be in line with other u . s . economic signals .	纳贝预测似乎与其他美国经济信号相同 。
this article presents a model that can calculate milling forces in complex surface machining .	本文介绍了一种计算复杂表面加工中的铣削力的模型 。
the part of 3th discusses the role of the theory of comparative advantage for chinese foreign trade .	第三部分对中国外贸易理论的比较优势进行了探讨 。
all men's miseries derive from not being able to sit quietly in a room alone .	所有男性的错误都是不能独自坐在房间里的 。
fishing is my favourite sport . i often fish for hours without catching anything .	钓鱼是我最喜欢的运动 , 我经常在没有捕捉任何东西的时候钓鱼 。
while kian had the luxury of retreating westwards , he remained committed to his iran .	虽然基恩有了退休西方的奢华 , 但他仍然承诺伊朗 。
warlords built private gardens in chinese and west styles with literatus' help .	沃尔多斯在中国和西方风格建立私人园林 。
but the 32inch model we'd like to buy was temporarily out of stock . we had to wait .	但是 , 我们想买的32英寸的模式是暂时出售的股票 , 我们必须等待 。
located in the west of the planned area , adjacent to the tourism zone and the downtown area .	位于计划区西部 , 邻近旅游区和城镇区 。
write a docstring that explains everything someone would need to know in order to use this function .	写一篇文章 , 解释一切有人需要知道的东西 , 以便使用这个功能 。
and then people choose subconsciously , not consciously to ignore the research and go with her heart .	然后 , 人们选择潜意识地选择 , 不意识地忽略研究 , 与她的心脏一起去 。
when rafik gindy graduated from high school , he knew he wanted to become an engineer .	当拉菲克金迪毕业于高中毕业时 , 他知道他想成为工程师 。
today i'll drill a little hole in the tooth for pusdrainage to stop the pain .	今天我将在牙齿里钻一个小洞 , 以阻止疼痛 。
that's setting emotion , efficient process , and the adams have to be selfdiscinplined .	这正在设置情感 , 有效的过程 , 亚当斯必须自我解决 。
when winter came , the grasshopper had nothing , but the ant complained of chest pains .	当冬天来临时 , 草坪上没有什么东西 , 却对胸部疼痛抱怨 。
if this emotional style applies to you , realize that lowering your standards will be a relief .	如果这种情感风格适用于你 , 意识到降低你的标准将是一个救济 。
our schoolwide academic contest will be held this saturday , 12/11/04 .	我们的学术竞赛将于本周六举行 , 12/1/1/04 。
we want peace , freedom and a stable environment for development , ” the ralliers chanted .	我们希望和平、自由和稳定的环境 , 发展的稳定环境 。
mather gave his flock no fewer than four such dates , beginning with the year 1697 .	数学的数学给他的流动不少于四个这样的日期 , 开始与1697年开始 。
government could contribute to the growth of economy , and it could holdback it meanwhile .	政府可以为经济增长提供贡献 , 同时也可以保持同样的反对 。
they think that there's some freudian answer to solvingthese problems , " said the asa's kline .	他们认为有一些自由的答案解决问题 , " 亚洲的k线说 。
''our research shows one potential reason why swearing developed and why it persists .	" 我们的研究显示 , 为什么开发出了一种潜在的原因 , 为什么它持续 。
energyintensive industrial cluster ; circular economy ; coordinated development ;	能源集群 ; 循环经济 ; 协调发展 ;
cao xiu donned his armor and rode into the city with 1 , 000 men to stop the enemy .	曹秀为了阻止敌人 , 把他的阿玛和路进城里 , 用1000人来停止敌人 。
this is the first time that stamps portraying chinese zodiac animals have been issued globally .	这是第一次在全球发布的中国zodiac动物的邮票拍摄的第一次 。
the children use water wings to keep themselves up in the water while they are learning to swim .	孩子们用水翅膀保持自己在水中 , 当他们学会游泳时 , 孩子们就习惯了 。
to pave and break concrete foundation installing engineering to break other hard things .	为了保护和破碎混凝土基础安装工程来破坏其他硬件 。
allow the baby to touch the book , chew on it , and otherwise physically touch it .	允许婴儿触摸这本书 , 咀嚼它 , 否则物理上触摸它 。
save time dramatically reduce the time you spend making print and contact sheet projects .	节省时间大幅减少你花了印刷和接触表项目的时间 。
the little girl was fascinated by all the fish swimming in the aquarium tanks .	小女孩被所有的鱼游泳在水库中游泳 。
the third board to sights on the next spin , the spin attack and put shortbased .	第三个董事会在下一次西班牙 , 西班牙攻击 , 放短基础 。
objective:in order to demonstrate the etiological diagnosis of acute retinal necrosis .	目的:探讨急性视网膜坏死的病理诊断 。
despondently , the husband replied: 'i missed a new job opportunity .	居然 , 丈夫回答说: " 我错过了一个新的工作机会 。
he uttered the word indifferently , and as though his mind were on something else .	他不明显地说话 , 虽然他的思想是其他东西 。
tutti executed a fabulous fake faint , swooning cartoonishly right to the floor .	蒂蒂执行了一场令人震惊的fafafat , 把卡通的权利交给地板 。
" an internal sense of righteousness dwindles into an external concern for reputation "	" 公义dwindles " 内在意义的内在感受到一个外部关注的声誉 " 。
the people of the philipines have a great leader and must be proud of him . mr pres . duterte !	菲律宾人民有一个伟大的领导人 , 必须骄傲他 。 杜特特先生 。
worldwide , $162 billion was spent in new cleantech investments in 2009 alone .	全球范围内 , 162亿美元 , 独自在2009年独自花了162亿美元的投资 。
anything “street” – funky clothes that are casual and sporty – works well .	任何 " 街道 " 的东西都是有趣的衣服 , 这些衣服都是残酷的和体育运动 , 很好的工作 。
it improves your dps , but the down side it , your images can't trigger any bashes .	它提高了你的dps , 但是下面的它 , 你的图像不能触发任何bashs 。
the timeless colouring of the tanzanite crystal makes this piece ideal for everyday wear .	坦桑石晶体的无时间色彩使得每天穿着这件理想的日子 。
here , this is a more modern example with a little hash cafe next to it or something .	在这里 , 这是一个更现代的例子 , 下一个hah咖啡还是某些东西 。
jesus was born that night , and he had to sleep in a manger6 because there was no bed for him .	耶稣出生了那天晚上 , 他必须睡在一个manger6里 , 因为他没有床 。
leather spirit with a mountain to explain , at the same time the old leather also orders .	皮革精神与山脉解释 , 同时老皮革也订单 。
if you can force your heart and nerve and sinew to serve your turn long after they are gone .	如果你能力强迫你的心脏和神经 , 然后在他们走的时候 , 就会让你的转变长 。
from the app developers: the astro file manager helps you get the most out of your android smart phone .	从应用程序开发人员:宇航文件管理器帮助您获得最聪明的手机 。
the location is directly opposite shinagawa jr station , and so was easy to find .	位置直接反对盾加瓦jr站 , 所以很容易找到 。
m . castells , the urban question: a marxist approach , london , 1977 ;	卡斯特先生告诉 , 城市问题:马克思主义方法 , 1977年伦敦 ;
after that i kept thinking about why would someone be so unmannered instead of thinking about my games .	在那一段时间之后 , 我仍然认为为什么有人会如此难以置信我的游戏 , 而非思考我的游戏 。
we turned out all the cupboards and drawers and found things we hadn't seen for years .	我们把所有的杯子和抽屉弄出来 , 找到了我们没有看到的东西 。
all the things i cherished , how can they influence the people who are lying on the streets ?	我珍惜的所有东西 , 如何影响那些躺在街上的人呢 ?
the nbs also announced the consumer price index for may was down 1 . 4 percent year on year .	nbs还宣布 , 5月消费者价格指数下跌1.4% 。
the movement of the waves , of winds , of the earth is ever in the same lasting harmony .	风浪的运动 , 地球的运动在同一持久和谐中永远存在 。
as a working group , during the crisis , so as not to resign , notforwork , not to change jobs .	作为一个工作组 , 在危机期间 , 所以不要辞职 , 不要改变工作 。
this paper summarizes the application of proteinase inhibitor in agriculture and clinic treatment .	总结了蛋白酶抑制剂在农业和临床治疗中的应用 。
they rehearse through diligent practice and preparation ; they remain disciplined and professional .	他们通过分别的实践和准备 , 继续学科和专业 。
since then , however , superstrings have proved a lot more complex than anyone expected .	然而 , 超字符串比预期的任何人更复杂 。
push off on your back and come up right away ! you should be spinning your arms before you get to the flags .	把你的背部推出来 , 右侧 , 你应该在你走到旗帜之前旋转你的手臂 。
in addition , notetaking is more helpful in answering the general questions than the detailed ones .	此外 , 注意力更有帮助回答总体问题 , 比详细的问题更有帮助 。
" it was a great save , " he added , of de gea's vital stop from robin van persie .	他补充道: " 这是一个很好的节省 , " 他在德格拉的生命停止来自罗宾范佩西 。
the interbank bond market stock and trading volume accounted for about 90% of the total market .	银行债券市场股票和交易量占总市场的90% 。
bin laden’s vow in the 1990’s to bankrupt the us has been partly achieved .	本拉登在1990年代对破产的投票一直取得了部分成就 。
those giving other people of their patience and tolerance can win love and care as well as friendship of others .	那些给别人的耐心和耐心的人 , 能赢得爱和护理他人的友谊 。
they think in the next 25to 30years , robots and humans will be able to talk .	他们认为下一个25到30年的时间 , 机器人和人类会谈能力 。
financial scams are also a threat , with senior citizens often being targeted .	金融范围也是威胁 , 高级公民通常是目标的 。
later in the week , the kenyans waltzed off with gold medal in the steeplechase .	后来几个星期 , 肯尼亚人和金牌一起走下来 。
jesus raised his friend lazarus from the dead . lazarus had been dead for four days .	耶稣从死亡中提起了他的朋友拉扎尔斯 , 拉扎拉斯已经死了四天 。
there are many rays of innovation between lines in the reprot of the sixteenth congress .	十六届国会重申行线之间有许多创新 。
q: did the myanmar government give china any indication that it was about to move on the kokang area ?	问:缅甸政府给中国任何指示 , 要在库塘地区移动吗 ?
third , learn english , study abroad , studies abroad , marry a foreigner .	第三 , 学英语 , 国外学习 , 国外学习 , 结婚外国人 。
the bright meteor was spotted across the uk , leaving a vivid green trail .	明亮的气象被发现在英国 , 留下一条绿色的道路 。
nuon chea , in his early 80s , is the group's senior surviving member .	在80年代早些时候 , 美国集团的高级生存成员nuonchea是他的80岁 。
we might tell him that what he really needs to do is just look deep within and be true to himself .	我们可能会告诉他 , 他真正需要做的事情 , 只是看着自己的内心 , 真正的是真正的 。
michael leechin crystal , royal ontario museum ; toronto , canada	迈克尔·李金晶体 , 皇家安塔利奥博物馆 ; 多伦多 , 加拿大 , 加拿大 。
however , in 1555 , her spiritual pilgrimage took a more serious turn .	然而 , 在15555年 , 她的精神刑事开始更严重的转变 。
now we discussed her fear of death and doubts about – yet yearning for – an afterlife .	现在我们讨论了她的恐惧 , 怀疑她的死亡 , 还有一年的时间 。
thirty minutes later , she presented simran with a cd of her first recorded song .	三十分钟后 , 她带着她第一次记录的歌曲的cd展示了西门兰 。
so it was no wonder that strippy was so highstrung , lacking freedom and exercise .	所以 , 毫无疑问 , 剥夺是如此高信任 , 缺乏自由和运动 。
scenario 2: modeling cyclic behavior focuses on the modeling of iterative behaviors .	场景2:建模循环行为集中在迭代行为的模型上 。
george romney , english portrait painter , died at kendal in cumbria .	乔治·罗姆尼 , 英语肖像画家 , 死于昆德布里亚 。
i mean , we're losing our people skills because of the wonderful technology is there .	我的意思是 , 我们失去了我们的人们技能 , 因为那里有很好的技术在那里 。
as we continue to improve , though , our techniques should become more and more transparent .	尽管我们继续提高 , 但我们的技术应该变得越来越透明 。
well , i got into bed again , and five minutes later there came a bang at the door .	好吧 , 我又进床上 , 五分钟后 , 门上有一只爆炸 。
the sense of ownership of a poem: ask vast earth , who advocate ups and downs ?	诗的所有权感:问大地 , 谁倡导和下降 ?
bradley was able to witness his parents' marriage at christmastime that year .	布拉德利在圣诞节时期能见证他的父母的婚姻 。
and the only difference between this and what's written conventionally is the way the constant is labeled .	与此之间的唯一差异 , 传统上所写的是常规的方法 。
he had learned from earlier writers , like ring lardner and sherwood anderson .	他从早期作家学习过 , 就像是戒指lardner和sherwoodanderson一样 。
small instruments are inserted through the incisions to remove the tissue and adhesions .	小仪器通过切口插入小仪器 , 去除组织和粘附 。
physical tests , health tests , all those kind of things , like screenings , you know .	身体测试 , 健康测试 , 各种各样的事情 , 比如屏幕 , 你知道 。
q mr . president , tied in with the jobs situation i think is the education system .	问总统先生 , 我认为是教育体系 。
our club invites a great deal of famous martial names as coaches and consultants .	我们的俱乐部邀请大量著名的武术名称作为教练和顾问 。
pants with " juicy " written across the heinie . i'm gonna wear that ?	裤子和 " 司法 " 写在海内 , 我穿那件衣服吗 ?
the chapter ended all too quickly ; war , fear and politics divided us again .	第一章结束了全部太快 ; 战争 , 恐惧和政治分裂我们 。
it could have been corrupted because a virus was inside of it so it was making foreign proteins .	它可以被腐败 , 因为一个病毒在它内部 , 因此它正在制造外科蛋白 。
the ointment of montmorillonite oxide fit the nation standard and is safety to human .	蒙特龙氧化物对国家标准和人类的安全性是安全的 。
so i'm on the road a bit , and i hold meetings , sometimes at the client's place .	所以我在路上有一点 , 我举行会议 , 有时候在客户的地方 。
the author adds some new code to the basic kiva3v program and makes compilation of it .	作者对基本kiva3v程序添加了一些新的代码 , 并对其进行编译 。
if i owned only walking shoes , i wouldn’t be able to wear skirts or dresses .	如果我只有走鞋 , 我就不能穿裙子或衣服 。
he obtained , however , the recognition and approbation of the congregation of albi .	然而 , 他获得了阿尔比的认知和批准 。
discuss the effectiveness of sexual abstinence programs in the fight against stds .	讨论了对抗stds的性不稳定性程序的有效性 。
have you ever found that the corners of the square things always damage easily ?	你曾经发现 , 平方的角落总是很容易损害 ?
i thought of the early polar explorers as i braced myself for the walk .	我认为 , 早期极端探索者 , 就像我把自己带在走路上 。
nu wa felt sorrowful at all these happenings and decided to repair the sky .	nuwa在所有这些事情都感到很抱歉 , 决定修复天空 。
concurrent chemoradio therapy might be the mainstream approach of cervical cancer .	结论化疗治疗可能是宫颈癌的主要流行方法 。
family counselors remind parents not to take what a child says as the gospel truth .	家庭顾问提醒父母不要带什么孩子说的话 , 就像福音真理一样 。
net . py displays the energy level of any given pattern or node array .	py显示任何给定模式或节点阵列的能量水平 。
usually , switching to the midgrade or premiumgrade gasoline will remove the knock .	通常 , 转换到中级或高级汽油将删除打击 。
but in future chips , cores’ bandwidth requirements could fluctuate wildly .	但是在未来的芯片中 , 科尔斯的带宽要求可以大幅地影响到 。
in this project , we plan to design an audiovisual aid system based on the virtual acoustics .	在这个项目中 , 我们计划设计基于虚拟声学的音频辅助系统 。
rice , cotton and vegetable seeds are sometimes grown in special seedbeds .	大米、棉和蔬菜种子有时在特殊种子中生长 。
enjoying life takes time to appreciate the natural and cultural richness around us .	享受生活的时候 , 欣赏我们周围的自然文化丰富 。
wakeboarding festivals and competitions have been held in singapore and hong kong .	在新加坡和香港举办的华克板节和竞争活动已在新加坡举行 。
the mother of one of the girls , ronnda zezula , welcomed the apology .	一个女孩的母亲罗伦达·zezula , 欢迎道歉 。
the polish writer sought out gran , then in her late 80s , in paris in 2003 .	2003年晚些时候 , 波兰作家在巴黎举行了80年代 , 然后在巴黎举行的80年代 。
seventeen bike , with the wind , you wore she walked through the life of flowering splendid .	十七辆自行车 , 随着风 , 你穿过花花的生活 , 穿过她走过去 。
where mr kirchner seemed to relish confrontation , she ran as a consensusbuilder .	柯克纳先生似乎是新鲜的面对 , 她作为一个共识的建筑师 。
dioxins are highly poisonous to the cells of our bodies . don't freeze your .	二氧化物对我们身体的细胞很有毒 , 不要冻结你的 。
but i need to deal with such issues in person . my source will not be based on this grapevine manner .	但是我需要处理这样的问题 , 我的来源不会根据这个葡萄牙语的方式来处理 。
" well , " said the child , " she went into the church with one man and came out with another ! "	" 哦 , " 孩子说 , " 她和一个男人一起走进教堂 , 又出来了 ! "
i can't do anything in america . i just don't want to have any stories written about me .	我不能在美国做任何事情 , 我只是不想写任何故事 。
here , in three installments , are overthetransom reports from people who have written in from china .	在这里 , 在三个安装中 , 是来自中国人民所写的超越性报道 。
in the case presented in this article , the documentliteral with unwrapped style is a fit .	在本文的案例中 , 文章提出的文档文档文档文档文档方式是一个适合的 。
the swans rose again , hovered in a circle , awaiting the results of their labors .	天鹅再次升起来 , 留在一圈 , 等待他们的劳动结果 。
i wrote this one in the middle of recording and it really all happened by accident !	我在记录中写了这篇文章 , 它真的是事故发生的 !
kneed me in the chest and pounded my lower belly with their fists until i passed out .	把我绑在胸部 , 把我的下肚子和拳头一起 , 直到我走出去 。
the same is true of major quest mobs – they all appear in instanced areas of the world .	同样的是 , 世界上最主要的移动 , 他们都出现了世界的实例区域 。
mottaki said washington needs to " change its behavior " if it wants new relations with iran .	莫特卡伊说 , 华盛顿需要 " 改变其行为 " 如果希望与伊朗的新关系 。
you could simply set width to 200 and height to 45 , and then accept the consequences .	你可以简单地设置宽度200至45 , 高达45 , 接受后果 。
this is a table that can be used for working , entertaining and , well , just generally swooning over .	这是一个可以用于工作、娱乐和娱乐的表格 , 只是一般的关闭 。
so when i move the circle it will act as a real axe . this image makes it more clear .	所以当我移动循环时 , 它将作为真正的轴 , 这样的图像使它更清晰 。
anticatholicism is very much strongly entrenched in the british sense of who they were .	在英国意义上的英国感觉中 , 抗hoholicist对英国感觉非常强烈 。
astronomers have unveiled the most complete 3d map of the local universe ever created .	天文学家已经揭示了当地宇宙的最完整的3d地图 。
for any enquiries , please contact us at 2406 8050 or visit our website .	对于任何查询 , 请在24068068050或访问我们的网站接触我们 。
it may not be as glitzy as the past one but could be better for average working men and woman .	这可能不像过去的一样高兴 , 但可以更好地为平均工作男女和女人工作 。
outbreaks in numerous other african countries are currently under investigation .	目前在调查中 , 许多其他非洲国家的爆发是目前的 。
by 1920 , the rules mandating three hits per side and backrow attacks were instituted .	到1920年 , 制定了每一侧的三个规则 , 后行攻击的规则 。
you can only be blest and have peace and sweet rest , as you yield him your body and soul .	只有你才能有和平和和甜蜜的休息 , 就像你产生你的身体和灵魂一样 。
in this paper , a decomposability theorem is presented and proved by differentiable manifolds theories .	本文提出了一种分解性定理 , 并证明了可分解的表现理论 。
they toured the forbidden city , where the chinese emperors had once lived in lofty splendor .	他们旅行了禁区的城市 , 中国皇帝曾经生活在那里 。
many people on kauai believe that this is lemuria – a lost island in the atlantic .	许多人认为这是雷米利亚 , 在大西洋丧失的岛屿 。
results: no toxicities , teratogenicity and mutagenicity were founded during the tests in above .	结果:在上述试验中建立了无毒性、发病性、突变性和突变性 。
instead of taking days to complete , the simulated process can run in mere seconds .	代替使用日子完成 , 模拟过程只能运行在二秒内 。
performance isn't linked to pay pay is really determined by market forces and budget .	市场力量和预算决定的性能并不与付款相关 。
" i want to keep going . at least for another decade or two , " he said with a smile .	" 我想保持下去 , 至少有10年或两年的时间 , " 他笑着说 。
squatting by one of the walls , i took a little book from my knapsack .	墙上的一个墙方 , 我从knapsack上拿了一本小书 。
abbr . wa , wash . a state of the northwest united states on the pacific ocean .	华华 , 北美西北部的一个美国 , 太平洋上 。
rappaccini looked surprised . " what do you mean , my daughter ? " he asked .	拉帕奇尼看起来很惊讶 。 " 你是什么意思 , 我的女儿 ? " 他问道 。
however , these i don't care , only to find the drinks here no sands tastiness just .	然而 , 这些我不关心 , 只有在这里找到饮料 , 没有沙味 。
bonera has a problem to the adductor and we hope to recover him and seedorf for next week .	骨头有一个问题 , 我们希望下周恢复他和种子 。
if you smell me , smell the smell of thick come really makes people want to eat one .	如果你闻到我 , 闻着厚的味道真的让人们想吃一个 。
when you are finished testing your new action , close the editor for helloapp . pli .	当您正在完成测试你的新行为时 , 关闭helloapp.pli的编辑器 。
art requires you to spend some time with it , to contemplate and think , leave and return .	艺术要求你花一些时间和它一起花费 , 来完成思维 , 留下和回归 。
the nonlinear kinetic characters of landslip action are complex , exoteric and dissipated .	滑坡行动的非线性动力学特性复杂 , 外部和消散 。
book value per share was $5 . 33 , up from $5 . 28 in the prior quarter .	每股价值为5.33美元 , 从前季度上涨5.28美元 。
what are the real barriers to effective implementation and how have some organizations been able to overcome these ?	真正的障碍是实现有效的实施和组织如何克服这些组织呢 ?
effects of broccoli with 1 mcp treatment and ma package during storage were studied .	研究了1mcp处理和包装在存储过程中的应用效果 。
jim can't move the mouth of his mask . he doesn't have enough muscle in his lips .	吉姆不能移动他的脸颊的嘴巴 , 他嘴里没有足够的肌肉 。
in the front of the shaoxing work received the letter , sister szabics with myriad heart .	在绍兴工作的前面 , 收到了信 , 妹妹带着我的心脏 。
now , it turns out that that assumption , standardly built into the usual label , may be false .	现在 , 它将确定假设 , 标准建立到通常标签 , 可能是错误 。
based on this , g5 dynamic system measuring online of membrane thickness has been designed successfully .	在此基础上 , 设计了g5动态系统在线测量膜厚度的基础上 。
the project also sought to store the information so that it would be available for research and medical purposes .	这个项目还希望存储信息 , 以便它可以用于研究和医疗目标 。
this paper putted forward countermeasure and suggestion through comparing domestic and foreign real estate finance .	本文通过对国内外房地产金融比较 , 提出了对策和建议 。
in this paper , the work is concerned with a class of fuzzy retarded integrodifferential equations .	本文研究了一种模糊回归的综合差分方程 。
floodwaters are still rising after this week's heavy downpours across parts of ohio .	本周 , 俄亥俄州的一部分地区 , 洪水仍在上升 。
this is that little extracritical voice in our heads , externalized and projected onto others ;	这是我们的头部 , 外部化和投影的声音 ;
somatic nuclear transfer in mammalian has achieved many offspring during the development in the past a few years .	过去几年来 , 哺乳动物的太阳核转移已经达到了很多关注 。
in a sense the price of oil is playing the role that interest rates often play when an economy overheats .	在某种意义上 , 石油价格正在发挥利率的作用 , 当经济过热时 , 通常会发挥利率 。
tonnage of whiteflecked stone quarried in spain and finished in italy: 430 tons .	意大利的西班牙有白色的石头 , 完成了意大利:430吨 。
all the above motivate people , but few bosses have the ability to truly inspire their employees .	所有上述动机的人 , 但少数老板都有真正的启发他们的员工能力 。
fuzhou boland garments co . , ltd . is your most trusted supplier of apparel inventory .	福州波兰服装有限公司是您最信任的装备库存供应商 。
and though we have no control over genetics , there are other contributing factors that cause cellulite you can control .	虽然我们没有控制遗传学 , 但还有其他的贡献因素 , 你可以控制细胞 。
so how do you create a personal brand ? cloth boy network point of view of the following points .	所以你怎样创建个人品牌 ? 衣服男孩网络观点下面的角度 。
chapter 53 is regional anesthesia superior to general anesthesia for hip surgery ?	第五章五十三章是区域审美优于hip手术的一般麻醉吗 ?
features 6 opening windows , a telescope and sextant as well as 3 deck lanterns !	特点6个开放窗口 , 一个望远镜和性别 , 还有3个decklanterns !
when i visited beijing , a student of mr . xia presented me with a photo of his teacher .	当我访问北京时 , 一位小先生给我带着他的老师照片给我 。
boseeinstein condensate is that a large number of identical particles occupy the same quantum state .	波斯坦凝聚物是 , 大量相同的粒子占据相同量子状态 。
the company says having two kinds of high definition dvds on the market has led to confusion with the buying public .	该公司表示 , 市场上有两种高额定义dvds导致与购买公众混淆 。
you said that they called out to our imaginations in a way that big budget films can no longer achieve .	你说 , 他们在一个大预算电影中称之为我们的想象 , 就不再能实现 。
bruce lindsey , clinton's close friend and special assistant for personnel , supported her .	克林顿的亲密朋友和特别助理人员 , 支持她 。
humans cannot hunt our kingdom as another fully conscious species without hunting yourselves ;	人类不能把我们的王国作为另一个完全意识的物种 , 没有猎猎自己 ;
the act of blipping refers to the act of linking to a song and attaching a 150 character comment to it .	翻译的行为指链接到一个歌曲的行为 , 附加一个150个字符评论 。
do not use in condition of pregnancy , epilepsy , cardiac , hypertension , braindamage .	不要使用妊娠状况 , 癫痫 , 心脏 , 高血压 , 脑损伤 。
the dynamical model of the system was developed , and the numerical results of the dynamical equations were obtained .	建立了系统的动态模型 , 得到了动态方程的数值结果 。
these will help you to progress improve technic , tone and of course embouchure , if done dilligently .	这些将有助于你进步提高技术 , 内部和当然的体育 , 如果不愿意做到的话 , 就会有助于你进步 。
the formulation and evaluation of a 10w/30 qe/cc grade engine oil are presented in this article .	本文介绍了10w/30qe/cc级发动机油的配方和评价方法 。
all of these artifacts require maintenance , have to be worked around , and scrapped if business needs change .	所有这些工具都需要维护 , 必须在周围工作 , 并且如果需要改变业务 。
no questions . caldwellhad made a living riding the consoles of the union's capsule hotels .	没有问题 。 卡德韦尔哈德做了一个生活骑着联合国胶囊酒店的组成部分 。
a new thyristor mediumfrequency power supply startup circuit is introduced in this article .	本文介绍了一种新型的中频电源开发电路 。
dr . albert schweitzer's vocation led him to set up a medical clinic in africa .	阿尔伯特·施威茨博士的职业使他在非洲设立医疗诊所 。
the cells were passaged by mechanical methods , frozen and thawed by general procedure .	细胞通过机械方法、冻结和一般程序来传递细胞 。
chapter four analyzes the influence of patronage on translation in the late qing dynasty .	第四章分析了清末期对翻译的影响 。
the evaporation step is followed by calcination to produce the desired nanosized structure .	通过计算来产生的纳米尺寸结构 , 使蒸发步骤逐步完成 。
common relaxation techniques include meditation , mindfulness , tai chi and yoga .	常见的放松技术包括冥想、心灵、太极和瑜伽 。
that is a leapingoff point . you can also register a . mobi domain that is dedicated to mobile content .	这是一个跳跃点 , 您也可以注册一个.移动域 , 这些域被指定为移动内容 。
the obtained cryptosystem modifies the class of mc public key cryptosystems .	得到的密码系统修改了mc公钥密码系统的类型 。
my home country is croatia . i was born in and raised in what used to be the former yugoslavia ,	我的家乡是克罗地亚 , 我出生在那里 , 曾经是前奥斯拉维亚 。
the present invention relates to one kind of decalcomania paper for porcelain surface decoration and its usage .	本发明涉及一种用于瓷表面装饰及其使用的十字符纸 。
in the second part , the litigation value and theory basis of discretional nonprosecution was discussed .	第二部分 , 讨论了离散非繁殖的诉讼价值和理论基础 。
an iodinebased contrast is injected into the bloodstream and watched as it travels around .	一种基于碘的对比剂被注入到血流中 , 看着它周围的旅行 。
if you want to get rid of your old computer , options include recycling , reselling , and donating .	如果你想要把你的旧电脑丢掉 , 选择包括回收、回收和捐赠等 。
in this paper , the solutions of distributed index construction and distributed retrieval are also discoursed .	本文还讨论了分布指标建设和分布检索的解决方案 。
because we had this kind of antiseptic separation between suffering and nonsuffering until we are the one suffering .	由于我们有这样的抗病分离 , 直到我们患有一个痛苦的时候 , 直到我们是一个痛苦 。
the environmental resources have rareness , should consider the environmental cost in economic development .	环境资源稀缺 , 应考虑经济发展环境成本 。
all major policy changes in china have been the result of a process of trial and error on a limited scale .	中国各大政策变化一直是一项有限规模的试验过程和误差的结果 。
he sent his sinless son to bear the full brunt of the penalty we deserved to suffer .	他送他的无罪的儿子去承受我们所需的罚款的全部破坏 。
our teachers encouraged us to find as many ways as possible to work out this mathematics problem . 34 .	我们的老师鼓励我们找到很多方法 , 尽可能工作这个数学问题 。 34 。
so , when supply chains shriveled , entrepreneurial ohmori became a manufacturer .	所以 , 当供应链缓冲时 , 企业家奥赫莫里成为制造商 。
thangkas are usually rectangular in shape , and the square ones are reserved for mandalas .	感恩加斯通常是形状的矩形 , 平方的储备在曼达拉斯 。
be that as it may, the nerve poison does its business with man far more quickly than the blood poison .	正如五月份 , 神经毒素与男性更快地比血毒更快的生意 。
the main sound box uses the edges and corners distinct rectangle design , the line succinct sprightly .	主要的声箱采用边缘和角角落区别的矩形设计 , 线路成功 。
webapp . net use xml to allow multipart asynchronous rendering and contnt update .	我们bapp.net使用xml来允许多分区异步渲染和接收更新 。
from time to time , " peeping " gloomy alley came from the missing job workers of drinking voice .	从时间到时 , " 佩宁 " 的眼睛来自于缺乏饮用声音的工作人员 。
patricia neal raised money for children and adults who had suffered brain injuries .	帕特里亚尼尔为患脑损伤的孩子和成年人提高了钱 。
kiting – an inexperienced player will attempt to follow a mechapede with their vehicles .	厨房-一个经验丰富的玩家将试图跟随他们的车辆相互适应 。
timmy: but i'm 1 ) allergic to cats . keeping a cat wouldn't be fun for me .	妈妈:但是我是1 ) 过敏性猫 。 保持猫不会对我感兴趣 。
define templates—the rules architect defines artifacts and templates using the brm tool .	定义模板-规则架构师定义了使用brm工具的工具和模板 。
bush will more than likely wait until this month , when his secondterm officially starts , to make a move .	布什将超过可能等到本月 , 当他的第二次官方开始时 , 就会做一个动作 。
for example , you can combine one feed from bugzilla and another feed from the source control management systems .	例如 , 您可以从bugzilla和另一个来自源控制系统的饲料组合 。
kolli says the drought in the horn of africa came as no surprise to meteorologists .	kolli说 , 在非洲的马上干旱就像没有令人惊讶的气象学家 。
because the fire mechanism of a small cluster tear bomb is complex , there is not a set of sophisticated theories .	由于小集群泪水炸弹的火灾机理复杂 , 没有一组复杂的理论 。
multicore and gpu based systems are here and harnessing that power is hard with todays programming models .	基于gpu的多孔和gpu的系统在这里 , 与今天的编程模式很难进行 。
after treatment with shen fu tang , some patients's symptoms have improved evidently .	临床临床治疗后 , 有些患者的症状明显改善 。
you're too much for me , ennis , you son of a whoreson bitch . i wish i knew how to quit you .	你对我来说太多 , 恩妮斯 , 你儿子的一个整体点头 , 我希望我知道如何排除你 。
in addition , there is a 1015 page final term paper based on a topic of the student's choice .	此外 , 基于学生选择的主题 , 还有一个1015页最终的文章 。
mary eventually left maimi , obtained a good education , and fostered her natural music ability .	玛丽最终离开马米 , 获得了一个良好的教育 , 使她的自然音乐能力 。
anger can cause you to blame others for your problems and you may feel like getting revenge on those that have mistreated you .	愤怒可以导致你为你的问题责任别人 , 你可能会感觉像在那些有错误的你身上收入的那些人 。
the judge previously has said he might approve the contracts even over katherine jackson's objection .	前面的法官表示 , 他甚至批准卡瑟琳·杰克逊对象的合同 。
we have two major categories of products , one is file centric apps and another is database centric apps .	我们拥有两个主要的产品类别 , 一个是文件中心应用程序 , 另一个是数据库中心应用程序 。
teachers often told me to see the patient after the talk saying that a lot of reason all i have been heeded .	老师经常告诉我 , 讲话后看病人说 , 很多原因是我被授予的 。
and then there's that second , threefootlong horn on the woolly rhino: it was wide and flat .	然后 , 第二 , 三英尺长的马在羊毛上有三英尺的rhino:它是广泛的和平面 。
yet i would rather see a young person pray prayers from the heart than the most eloquent rote prayer .	然而 , 我宁愿看到一个年轻人祈祷的祈祷者 , 比最相当的罗特祷者祈祷 。
“it’s an arcane means of communication , which for the most part should be abolished , ” she told me .	她告诉我: " 这是一个关于通信的arcane手段 , 因为大多数部分应该被废除 。 "
i am happy to see her play much better in hong kong ; i think she will not disappoint in the final round .	我很高兴看到她在香港玩得更好 , 我认为她不会在最后一轮失望 。
" being plucked from obscurity is a bit like , you know , going on a long journey , " boyle said .	鲍伊尔说: " 幸运的是一点 , 你知道 , 很长的旅程 , 去了一个长途旅行 。 "
'the obvious advantage of using your hands is that you always have them with you , ' says sian porter .	" 使用你的手的明显优势是你总是拥有他们 , " 西安porter说 。
he said , during a drinking session in pub , one of his staffs joked that they should put vitamin in their undies .	他说 , 在俱乐部饮酒会议期间 , 其中一名员工们笑话说他们应该把维生素放在他们的星期里 。
on the other hand , your weight loss is in fact a continuous function , so each piece of data should be attached .	另一方面 , 你的重量损失实际上是连续函数 , 因此每一块数据应附加 。
no problem is permanent . storms always give way to the sun . winter always thaws into springtime .	没有问题永远 , 风暴总是给太阳带来的途径 。 冬天总是变成春天 。
the stamps depict the actress as holly golightly in the film breakfast at tiffany's .	这个邮票描述了在蒂芬尼的电影早餐中扮演演演员 , 像好莱一样轻轻轻轻地在电影中打破 。
my wife went through my phone and uhm , may be calling you . so if you can , please take your name off that .	我的妻子经过我的电话和uhm , 可能会叫你 。 如果你能 , 请把你的名字拿下来 。
right . this is the brochure for mexico , yucatan is at the back , and this is the brochure for guatemala .	好吧 , 这是墨西哥的兄弟 , ucatan在后面 , 这是guatemala的机会 。
our identity is tied to the value that we bring into the world and historically that value means our profession .	我们的身份被绑定到我们带进世界的价值 , 历史上价值意味着我们的专业 。
functionally , pump station are either gathering stations or trunk line stations , and in some cases both .	功能上 , 泵站是聚集站或链路站 , 在某些情况下 , 在某些情况下 。
experiment boldly . rip off the greats , and the goods as well . mimick and make it your own . try and err .	实验极大 。 把大品拿出来 , 货物也拿出来了 。 米克和让它自己 。 尝试和错误 。
compared the two methods , the results of power characteristic number method are better than that of shearing force decomposition method .	比较了两种方法 , 比较了剪力力分解法的功率特征数法优于剪力分解法 。
m: well , i would not try to feed those little critters if i were you , they bite and can carry diseases .	嗯 , 如果我是你 , 我不会尝试喂这些小的作家 , 他们咬 , 可以携带疾病 。
researches on pure shear behaviors of dd3 single crystal are experimentally carried out for the first time .	第一次对dd3单晶纯剪切行为进行了试验研究 。
under a series of the decoration of the clever and witty , commandos firefight , outwit the armory .	在一系列的清洁和智慧装饰下 , 命令os防御 , 外出军队 。
you'll see two councilmen , a union official , a couple of offduty cops , and a judge .	你会看到两个议员 , 一个联合国官员 , 几个突破的副本和法官 。
avoid alcohol and aspirin while using methotrexate and misoprostol for a medical abortion .	避免酒精和阿司匹林 , 使用甲酸甲酯和氨基酚为医疗吸收 。
thirdly , commercial banks should speed up disposing of nonperforming loan by various means .	第三 , 商业银行应该通过各种方式来加快非绩效贷款的速度 。
which brings us to my final piece of advice ; don’t try to extract from what doesn’t exist .	这给我们带来的最后一片建议 ; 不要尝试从什么不存在的事情提取 。
talking about the fast charge of accumulator for the mine explosionproof electric locomotive ;	讨论了矿山爆炸电路开发快速电荷的累积机电荷 ;
some cities are studying the halfway measure of banning them from bicycle lanes while permitting them on streets .	有些城市正在学习自行车巷的半途测量措施 , 同时允许他们在街上 。
li founded dayang in september 1979 with 85 employees , according to its web site .	李建立于1979年9月 , 1979年9月85名员工 , 根据其网站 。
in this network the regional concept is limitlessly extended on informationization express highway .	在这个网络中 , 区域概念无限扩展在信息化的高速公路上 。
i suggest we go to xxxx factory tomorrow morning , and go back to hangzhou from there , is that ok ?	我建议明天早上我们去xxxxx工厂 , 回到杭州 , 好吗 ?
we should learn how to face failure or misfortune bravely and generously and to try to deal with it .	我们应该学习如何面对失败或失败 , 勇敢地勇敢地和慷慨地处理它 。
that means big birds have to evolve different molting patterns to deal with their slowpoke feathers .	这意味着大鸟必须进化不同的熔化模式来处理它们的缓慢的羽毛 。
table iii: solubility of the drugs , polymer and filler used in the study , in water and alcohol .	表iii:药物溶解度、聚合物和填充剂在研究中 , 在水和酒精中使用 。
" so , when it comes time for dinner , " he says , " pasta sauce without added sugar tastes bland .	" 所以 , 当它来吃饭时 , " 他说 , " 帕斯塔酱没有添加糖味的英格兰 。
china hp also hosts another important it event each year aimed for endusers called hp electronic world .	中国hp还拥有另外一个重要的it活动 , 每年都要求最终用户称为hp电子世界 。
he knew that xinjian was considered inferior and that a better school might help her find a better life .	他知道新疆被认为是优势 , 更好的学校可能帮助她找到更好的生活 。
this example is an ifthen rule ; therefore , you would see the if condition and its corresponding action .	这个例子是一个ifthen规则 ; 因此 , 如果条件和其相应的行为 , 您就会看到 。
they introduced bittorrent support ; browser gestures ; a nice mobile version . . .	他们介绍了比特流支持 ; 浏览器姿态 ; 一个漂亮的移动版本 。
in such situations , the endpoint address used at development time is simply a placeholder , and is rarely used .	在这样的情况下 , 开发时间使用的端点地址简单是一个地址 , 而且很少使用 。
impressed with her abilities , vozda offered fiolla a job in corporate sector law enforcement .	随着她的能力 , vozda在公司行业法律实施中提供了一份工作 。
pincer and shock trooper ships were falling out of the sky like ducks on a bad day at the marsh .	皮克尔和休克部队船在马什的一个坏日 , 就像鸭子一样落出天空 。
objective: to analyse the effects of intertrochanteric fracture with dhs internal fixation in 60 cases .	目的:分析60例患者内固定dhs内固定的干扰性骨折的疗效 。
the measurement of vector voltage can be got from the discrete sequential data of a sampled singal .	测量矢量电压的测量可以从样本的单元的离散序列数据获得 。
lillian:what if i tell her in a very nice way and bring her a sandwich to make her happy ?	莉莉莉安:如果我告诉她在一条非常好的路上 , 带她一条沙子来做她的快乐吗 ?
the rockery , or peak , or shore , or mound or point to the role of the park in a certain extent .	岩石 , 或高峰 , 或海岸 , 或指向公园的角色一定程度上 。
you may want to say , " what do you mean by 'the self is vast' isn't that just spiritual claptrap ? "	你可能希望说: " 自我意味着 " 不仅仅仅仅是精神障碍 ?
nasolabial angle only reflected change of upper lip , but could not reflect characters of facial profile .	纳索拉角只反映了上唇的变化 , 但不能反映面部的特点 。
mavs coach rick carlisle said: " i'm so happy for him . i'm so happy for dirk . "	马夫斯教练里克·卡里斯勒说: " 我很高兴他 。 我很高兴为迪克 。 "
a new orders subindex fell slightly to 52 . 5 in october from 52 . 8 in september .	一项新的订单子指数从9月52.8日下跌至52.5点 。
ibm filed an application for his green card for permanent residence in 2004 , and he has yet to receive it .	ibm在2004年为永久住宅提供了一个应用程序 , 并且他还没有收到它 。
3 coal mine , the article puts forward an automatic control system of mine pump house based on plc .	本文提出了一种基于plc的自动控制系统 。
in those early days it moved men , it opened prison doors and made missionaries out of members .	在那些早期的时候 , 它移动了男人 , 它打开了监狱门 , 使命从成员中取消了任务 。
conversely , using ctrl+c and ctrl+v to build new implementations takes only seconds .	相反 , 使用ctrl+c和ctrl+v建立新的实现只需要二秒 。
the release of seawater from the rock will raise sea levels over time , but not by much , says schrag .	schrag说 , 从岩石上释放的海水将会提高海平面 , 但并非多少 。
anyone diving from it to the pool would have to make an almost perfect dive or be splattered on the rocks .	任何人离开这池池的人都必须在岩石上做几乎完美的潜水或被喷洒 。
the serum was transported from anchorage to nenana by train where the first musher picked up the serum .	血清从锚杆到尼纳纳那 , 第一辆穆斯勒拿上血清 。
and love happens to people of all ages , because one's internal life changes , as well as one's opportunities .	爱情发生在所有年龄的人们中 , 因为一个内在生活变化 , 以及一个机会 。
the chief suspect in the attack was al shabaab , a u . s . designated terrorist group that u .	袭击的首席嫌疑是阿尔巴巴伯 , 美国指定的恐怖分子组 。
for you this year , cheers for you today , tomorrow for your blessing: appearance and youth beautiful mood !	今年 , 今天为您祝福 , 明天为您的祝福:出现和年轻美丽的情绪 !
the reason we say nondual though is because anytime you think of one , it’s always in reference to many .	我们说不平凡的原因是因为你想到的任何时候 , 总是参考许多 。
this year , he's getting 30 percent of his baskets off dunks , and only 68 percent are assisted .	今年 , 他的篮子数量达到了30% , 只有68%的帮助 。
equipment is also much more basic , involves fewer slots , and is all handled on a 3d paperdoll .	设备还是更多的基本 , 涉及少数的槽 , 全部在3d纸币上处理 。
fig2 . the ring only shows up in meetings with vip clients to label its owner married and reliable...	图2 。 环只在与vip客户端见面 , 标签其所有者结婚和可靠...
gas prices alone surged 3 . 3% in april , and are up 33 . 1% over the past year .	四月份 , 汽油价格独自增长了3.3% , 过去年增长了33.1% 。
obama stood and walked over to make small talk with pool reporters as roberts donned his black robe .	奥巴马站起来 , 走过去和池记者谈话 , 因为罗伯特斯捐赠了他的黑色绳子 。
situated at the beautiful and fertile town—ruian , which is " the motorcycle of china " .	位于美丽和肥沃的镇 , 俄罗斯是 " 中国摩托车 " 。
strongly appeal on the change in the role of primary school teachers in curriculum innovation .	在课程创新中 , 主要学校教师在课程创新中的作用强烈呼吁改变 。
the slope mine under the town was slowly filled with salt brine making the surface subside .	镇下滑坡矿缓慢填满盐刷 , 使表面补充 。
ingredients :wheat germ oil , chamomile , lavender , orange blossom , rose .	成分:小麦germ油 , 香气 , 洗涤剂 , 橙色花 , 玫瑰 。
look at my feet , grandma frozen stiff decided to make a pair of cloth padded boots .	看看我的脚 , 祖母冻结的冻结决定做一双布垫靴子 。
it jumped up and down disrespectfully , mocking the hunting soldiers . it threw a nut at them .	它分别跳起来跳下来 , 模仿猎人士兵 。 它在他们身上扔了一块刀 。
of course you are bronbron , you're 19 years old . you haven't reached your prime yet .	当然你是布朗布朗 , 你是19岁的 , 你还没有达到你的主人 。
the methods of how to use additive reasonably and improve the quality of cathode coppers are discussed .	讨论了如何合理使用添加剂 , 提高阴极铜质量的方法 。
the machine is a set of sharpening and polishing highprecision dualfunction in one of the sharpener .	机器是一组尖锐的双重功能 , 是一组尖锐的双重功能 。
one thing absolute monarchs don't want is they don't want impediments to their personal rule .	一件绝对的君主不想要的事情是他们不希望自己的个人规则 。
lapd swat is very highly regarded as probably the best urban swat team in the country .	拉普德·斯瓦特在全国最好的城市游泳团队很高程度上被认为是非常高的 。
room 905 , jinli mansion , no . 115 beizhan road , shenhe district , shenyang .	沈阳地区深圳市深圳地区905间 , 金利大厦115号北zhan路115号 。
our girls never second guess themselves and they don’t talk themselves out of anything .	我们的女孩从来没有第二次猜自己 , 他们不会谈论自己的任何东西 。
methods:the serological results of measles uncertain patients of 2006 in tangshan were analyzed .	方法:分析2006年唐山2006例无确定性患者的临床疗效 。
trash , wooden pallets and any other flammable material must be removed from areas of hot work .	垃圾 , 木板和其他可燃料必须从热工作领域移除 。
does the existence of this informal relationship give you the right to stretch the rules of the work environment ?	这种正式关系的存在是否给你带来了工作环境的权利呢 ?
third , cover your tactics , psychological tactics is to protect the manipulation tool .	第三 , 覆盖你的策略 , 心理战术是保护操作工具 。
in the third part of my paper i mainly elaborate the theory of ecosocialism and the commence on it .	第三部分阐述了生态社会主义的理论和生态社会主义的必要性 。
in this paper , the audio file stored format and the method of restoration the audio waveform are analysed .	本文分析了音频文件存储格式及音频波形的恢复方法 。
the material can be scorched rubber , flash overflow and unacceptable vulcanized product .	材料可分为橡胶 , 闪过流和不可接受的脆弱化产品 。
many a whale catties battle scars that were left by a squid's fierce struggles .	许多鲸鱼捕捉到了一场被松鼠的激烈斗争留下的伤疤 。
property damage was estimated to be between $81 and $108 billion , according to noaa .	根据诺亚说 , 财产损害预计 , 81美元和108亿美元之间的财产损害预计为81美元和108亿美元 。
if it’s a business trip , i am clearly going to bring mostly business casual items .	如果它是一个业务旅行 , 我明显会带来大多数商业资产项目 。
at last , literature were unscrambled , arranged , summarized and analyzed earnestly .	最后 , 文献不具备 , 总结 , 分析和分析 。
it hasn't been reported that the coelomic fluid of earthworm shows nuclease activity .	据报道 , 地球气体的燃烧流体显示核酶活性 。
to achieve this in the above example , you use a regular expression to perform the replacement .	为了实现上述例子 , 您使用常规表达式来执行替代 。
this paper has described the application of remote sensing technology in environmental monitoring .	本文介绍了遥感技术在环境监测中的应用 。
simulation ceramics ashes , straight safety mini crystal ceramics glass ;	模拟陶瓷轴 , 直径安全微晶陶瓷玻璃 ;
they take themselves seriously the appearance of other in part , with be concerned about facesaving about .	他们在某些方面采取了严肃的表现 , 关注面孔节约的问题 。
the allergopharma allergic abstraction was used to detect the allergens with the skin prick test .	采用过敏药物过敏抽象检测皮肤冲击试验的过敏原体 。
image: coral bleaching in australia’s great barrier reef/matt kiefer , flickr	图片:澳大利亚的珊瑚漂浮在澳大利亚的大屏障礁礁/马特·基弗 , 闪烁器 。
for a quick , authentic meal , try the snack stalls down one of the side streets .	为了快速 , 真正的餐 , 尝试小吃停下一条边的街道 。
a father , who is working hardly as an ironsmith , brings up his son under the hardship of living .	一个父亲 , 几乎没有作为铁匠工作的父亲 , 使他的儿子在生活困难下带来了他的儿子 。
in the first chapter of the paper , a review of qsar and docking methods , progress and applications is presented .	第一章介绍了qsar和ocking方法、进展及应用的综述 。
the research development in catalysts for syndiotactic polymerization of styrene is reviewed .	综述了苯乙烯合成聚合物催化剂的研究进展 。
have you attended a hospital to receive medical treatment or been hospitalised in the past two years ?	过去两年内 , 您参加医院接受医疗治疗或医院吗 ?
abdominal tenderness is noted , and pelvic examination reveals cervical motion tenderness .	指出腹部紧张度 , 胸腔检查显示颈部运动紧张度 。
cats and snakes are traditionally cooked together , given the name " dragon tiger fight " .	猫和蛇是传统烹饪的 , 给了名字 " 龙虎战斗 " 。
the id is also refereed to the pleasure principle , which also represents selfgratification .	同时 , id也引用了快乐原则 , 同时也代表自尊化 。
banks are not lining up to lend money on their own for construction of the newest generation of indian points .	银行并不列举自己借钱 , 为印度最新一代的印度点建设而建立最新的一代贷款 。
this system can utilize the transmission bandwidth more efficiently and achieve frequency diversity .	该系统可以更有效地利用传输带宽 , 实现频率多样性 。
eventually it puts forward the focus of studying vbased solid solution type hydrogen stora...	最后 , 提出了基于v基于v的固体溶液类型的研究焦点 。
and the largest source of funds is the sales back to subsection , and has been carried out according to plan .	最大的基金来源是销售回到订单的 , 根据计划进行 。
activated clay is prepared via reation of bentonite and sulfuric acid at high temperature .	通过高温催化粘土和硫酸的关系制备了活化粘土 。
does your current lease allow you to request that your tenant vacate within a certain period of time ?	您的目前租赁允许您请求你在某些时期内的紧张假期吗 ?
wise investing is the surest path to financial independence and it's something everyone can work on .	智慧投资是金融独立的最确路径 , 它是每个人都可以工作的事情 。
with thoughtful service and harmonious atmosphere , the nursing home is really the home of the aged .	随着思想服务和谐的氛围 , 护理家庭真正是老年的家庭 。
college staff bought 332 magazines , 44 fiction and 29 nonfiction books .	大学员工购买了332本杂志 , 44个小说和29本非小说书 。
mrs . cronin: my dear , why don't you tell me what it is . i'm sure i can help you .	克隆恩先生:我亲爱的 , 为什么不告诉我这是什么 , 我肯定能帮助你 。
of course , humans could take over for the missing birds , pollinating by hand and sowing the seeds .	当然 , 人类可能会采取错误的鸟类 , 通过手柄来调整种子 。
past efforts to reach a meeting of the minds on health care reform have ended in stalemate .	过去努力达到健康护理改革的心理会议已经结束在稳定的情况下 。
the company has its own research and development bases , and production bases in shangdong , shanghai and shanxi province .	该公司拥有自己的研究和开发基地 , 上海和山西省生产基地 。
" let's stay at one of the cheap motels on the edge of town , " kathleen suggested .	kathleen建议: " 让我们留在城镇边缘廉价的摩托车之一 。 "
" so questions remain concerning both accuracy and also applicability to other solar cycles , " she said .	她说: " 因此 , 问题仍然存在精度和其他太阳周期的适用性 。 "
a tall man with white hair got out . it was albert , the husband of molly's sister .	一个高大的男人拿着白头发出来 , 是阿尔伯特 , 摩利的妹妹的丈夫 。
it's pouring in thailand ! a man walks down a bangkok street in heavy rains .	在泰国 , 一个男人走下一个曼谷的街道 , 在重雨中 。
in the 1970's , americans avoiding service in the vietnam war arrived and put down roots .	在1970年代 , 美国人避免越南战争抵达服务 , 放下根源 。
major components: cactus extract cream , olive oil , vitamin b5 , geraniums .	主要成分:提取奶油、橄榄油、维生素b5、geraniums 。
in other words , even our worst jobsearch errors are the training ground for greater success .	换句话说 , 即使我们最糟糕的工作搜索错误是为了更大的成功培训地 。
but of the many contrasts given here what i find mostinteresting is sorrowful yet always rejoicing .	但是 , 我发现最有兴趣的事情中 , 很多对比都是非常悲伤的 。
we are surprised to hear about the damage . the order was carefully packed at our factory before shipment .	我们感到惊讶地听到损害 , 在船舶之前 , 订单小心包装在我们的工厂 。
winners take chances . like everyone else , they fear failing , but they refuse to let fear control them .	赢家们采取机会 , 像其他人一样 , 他们担心失败 , 但他们拒绝让他们担心 。
police officers in the city aren't being fully paid and may not even have enough money for gas .	警察在城市的警察没有充分支付 , 甚至还没有足够的钱为气体提供足够的钱 。
part 4 learn the process of writing news articles like a reporter in this free journalism training video .	第四部分 , 第四部分 , 学习新闻文章的过程 , 比如记者在本免费的新闻教育视频 。
when there's a strong job market , organizations need to do whatever they can to attract top candidates .	当有一个强大的工作市场时 , 组织需要做任何能吸引顶级候选人 。
being put in front of a client for the first time and asked to explain something was a daunting experience .	第一次在客户机前面放置 , 要求解释某些东西是一个日常的经验 。
don't fall into the trap of believing that because you can't test every line of code , you must test nothing .	不要落入信仰的陷阱 , 因为你不能测试代码的每一行 , 你必须测试任何东西 。
the fifth partita was " the worst bach recording i've ever made . it was also the most pianistic . "	第五部分是 " 我曾经做过的最糟糕的纪录 " , 也是最具钢琴 。
fire and wind raged all around , snapping juniper trees and incinerating the sagebrush .	火和风围绕着一切 , 跳跳跳跳跳跳跳跳跳跳跳跳跳跳跳跳跳跃的树木 , 激发了这种形状的冲突 。
the content of this page is from the illy port or illy customs import and export company directory ;	本页面内容主要来自illy港口或illy海关进出口公司目录 ;
i have expressed my concern through my paintings which visualising the tension between human and environment .	我已经通过我的绘画表达了我对人类和环境之间的张力的关注 。
the high efficient allocation of system resource by using multithread application highly improved the system performance .	采用多线程应用高效分配系统资源的高效分配 , 提高了系统性能 。
in britain , men are recommended not to drink more than 21 units a week and women 14 .	在英国 , 男性推荐不要喝超过21个单位 , 女性14个单位 。
the time constant for pnipam in the collapsed state is nearly temperature and concentrationindependent .	崩溃状态中pnipam的时间常数几乎是温度和浓度依赖的 。
the exterior joinery elements will be in thermosprayed aluminum tinted charcoal gray .	外部jinery元素将在热处理的铝灰中 。
rotating packed bed is a new highgravity gasliquid masstransfer equipment developed in 1980 .	旋转包装床是1980年开发的一种新型高重力气体质量大型设备 。
no matter what language i learn , i always try to look at my cup as ‘half full’ .	无论我学到什么语言 , 我总是试着看我的杯子 , 就像 " 半 " 一样 。
don’t be insulted if a cashier holds your bill up to the light to check its authenticity .	不要绝缘 , 如果一位银行商保留你的账单 , 来检查其实体 。
despite the disappointments , milner , lammie and houston argue that dec salt can succeed .	尽管失望 , 米尔纳 , 拉米尔和休斯顿认为 , 衰退盐可以成功 。
the airbus a320 was flying from moscow to geneva when the attempted hijacking occurred .	美国航空局a320号飞机从莫斯科飞往日内瓦 , 试图冲击发生的时候 。
owning to the arrangement of the course , 50 students found 6 companies and cheerz company is one of them .	拥有安排的课程 , 50名学生发现6家公司和樱桃公司是其中之一 。
since that time , mcdonald's and its franchises have remodeled 11 , 000 stores .	自那时以来 , mcdonald和其ranchiss已经删除了11 , 000家店 。
can the bookstores and libraries of this world stay viable and relevant in this age of edownloads ?	这个世界的书店和图书馆可以在这个时代的爱德华载体中保持可见性和相关性呢 ?
physicists could solve it for only a small number of cases , such as that of two parallel plates .	物理学家可以解决它只有小量的病例 , 比如两个并行板 。
this finding adds yet more confusion to determining the best strategy for women with ntse acs .	这项发现增加了更多的混淆 , 以确定与ntseacs的女性最佳策略 。
nor did i agree with his somewhat emotional assessment of me as a " unique moron . "	我并不同意他的一些情感评价我作为一个 " 独特的摩隆 " 的情感评价 。
ehrlich’s book , the population bomb , made him the mostfamous of modern malthusians .	埃哈里奇的书 , 人口炸弹 , 使他成为现代马尔托斯人最为流行的 。
for example , there are restrictions that make it all but impossible to sell f22s to japan .	举例来说 , 有限制使它全部但不可能卖f222的日本 。
mathias is a typical midfielder with important potential which he will have to show on the pitch .	数学家是一个典型的中场员 , 他必须在坑上展示的重要潜力 。
just last saturday we saw each other again in berlin , along with mikhail gorbachev .	上周六 , 我们看到彼此的彼此相互在柏林 , 沿着迈克海尔戈尔巴奇夫 。
the name of this fruit , yes , this is technically a fruit , comes from nahuatl , too .	这个水果的名字 , 是的 , 这也是一种水果 , 来自nahuatl 。
as soon as the monkey king goes into the cave , the other animals cover the cave door with rocks .	就像猴王走进洞穴 , 另一个动物覆盖了洞穴门 。
its way more m2m than is necessary , but it certainly does the job of giving the best of them .	它的路径比需要更多的m2m , 但是它肯定是为了给他们最好的工作 。
founded as a furtrading post , it developed rapidly after the coming of the railroad in1881 .	在18881年 , 铁路的未来迅速发展 。
i found the distance to our main tent hard enough going , never mind a trek to the north pole .	我发现距离我们的主要帐篷很困难 , 永远不介意北极的一条路 。
the reactions were manifested by allergic shock , purpura , urticaria and angioedema .	反应由过敏性休克、紫外线、尿尿病和血管瘤表现 。
there are many minor gold deposits in the periphery of huanglin anticlinal . nucleus .	黄林抗lin反lin反lin反lin的周围有很多少黄金矿床 。
a bottomup itcentric approach focusing on discovery and characterization of existing it assets .	一个底层中心的方法集中在于发现和特征现有it资产的发现和特征 。
to be engaged in studying a role so as to be able to replace the regular performer when required .	要参与学习角色的学习 , 因此在需要时能替代常规的表演员 。
the average skews higher than the median because of a few very high incomes , deaton explained .	由于几个很高收入 , 德拉顿解释说 , 平均收入高于媒体 , 平均收入高于媒体 。
furthermore , the plugin may overwrite your changes the next time it regenerates the site .	此外 , 插件可以重新编写您的下一个时间它重新重新重新重新创建网站 。
now we never completed the study so we never wrote it up , but we did find some interesting preliminary things .	现在我们从来没有完成这项研究 , 所以我们从未写过它 , 但是我们发现一些有趣的初步事情 。
it will have to fight against that , even if the new ngage delivers an excellent gaming experience .	即使新语言交付了一个优秀的游戏经验 , 新语言就必须对此进行斗争 。
if you find an apartment you like , submit an application to the landlord or property manager immediately .	如果你找到一个公寓 , 请立即向地产管理员提交应用程序 。
the date can also recruit superior nodachi units as well: attack is a date watchword !	日期还可以招聘优先的诺达奇单位:攻击是一个日期的观察字 !
the single chromosome obtained in the study is rice field eel chromosome 3 ;	研究中得到的单色染色体是稻田染色体3 ;
hesse created minimal sculptures that retain a relationship to the organic through shape and texture .	赫斯创造了最小雕塑 , 保留了通过形状和纹理来保持有机的关系 。
there was no history of trauma , apart from her having undergone acupuncture several years previously .	除了前几年之前 , 除了她的地下竞争的历史外 , 还没有历史的创伤史 。
in addition to myers , also described by western tourists by nontibetans cruel attack .	除了神秘之外 , 还描述了西方旅游者被非tibetancruel攻击所描述的 。
other countries , notably india , must calibrate their government finances even more carefully .	其他国家 , 不可避免的印度 , 必须更仔细地准备他们的政府财务 。
production begins in the fall and the film is expected to be released in the summer of 2011 .	2011年夏天 , 生产开始于秋季 , 电影预计在2011年夏天发布 。
boring but serious english you are the redthreadwoven ball that i have dreamed to obtain .	无聊但严肃的英语你是我梦想得到的红十二球 。
the shabab now control only 40% of mogadishu proper , down from about 60% a few months ago .	现在 , 沙巴现在只控制40%的摩加迪乌合适 , 几个月前约有60% 。
and with warm weather predicted in spain , the german said his day of karting should stand him in good stead .	在西班牙温暖的天气预测下 , 德国人说 , 他的日子应该站在好的阶段 。
results: 108 canals were successfully reopened with a successful rate of 92 . 3% .	结果:108例口腔成功重建 , 成功率92.3% 。
some complex flow characteristics such as separation , circumfluence appears around spur dikes .	一些复杂的流动特性 , 如分离、循环影响出现周围的火柴 。
well , that was very decided indeed that does seem as if but , however , it may all come to nothing , you know .	然而 , 这确实是非常确定的 , 似乎似乎是如果 , 它可能都没有任何东西 , 你知道 。
van der sloot has said he left holloway on a beach near her hotel after they had kissed .	范德·斯洛特说 , 在亲吻之后 , 他离开了好莱路附近的酒店附近的海滩 。
here she talks not only about real risk factors , she also rules out signs that could be misread .	在这里 , 她不仅谈论真正的危险因素 , 她也规定出可能是错误的迹象 。
this is no more effective than prayer which when it does seem to work can be explained away as coincidence .	这并非比祈祷者更有效 , 当它似乎可以被解释为合作的时候 , 就不能解释出来 。
twopieces adjustable ladder can be designed and manufactured according to order demand .	根据秩序需求 , 可调整可调整的梯度可按顺序设计和制造 。
no sign of an epic clash of the titans such as the 1980's maradona platini one .	在1980年代马拉登平台的马拉登平台上 , 没有迹象 。
ltd . dongguan branch is a good faith for the purpose of formal professional decoration company .	东莞分支有限公司是一家正式的专业装饰公司的诚信 。
'all of the sudden , everything i loved about the city was just so frightening to me , ' she said .	她说: " 突然 , 我喜欢关于这个城市的一切都是如此恐怖的 。 "
several theoretical examples given in the paper show that the terrain correction of the surface ...	本文给出了几种理论实例 , 证明了表面的地形修正的地形变化 。
the second instance indicates the code page used at the source , which is also windows usenglish .	第二个实例表明 , 在源中使用的代码页面也是windows使用nglish 。
however , the reelability has a negative relationship with the speed of heating if the set temperature is high .	然而 , 如果设置温度高 , 具有负相关性与加热速度的负相关性 。
yea , chinese history is great , and chinese food is awesome . let's enjoy our lunch man .	是的 , 中国历史是伟大的 , 中国食物是伟大的 , 让我们享受我们的午餐男人 。
charlotte wrote as currer bell , emily as ellis bell , and anne as acton bell .	查洛特写作作当前的铃声 , 艾米莉像ellisbell , 和安妮一样 。
i shall never forget those days when i lived in the army with the soldiershas a great effect on my life .	当我住在军队的时候 , 我永远不会忘记那些日子 , 在我生命中有很大的影响 。
the first thing bram did upon his return was run to mo , giving her hugs and kisses .	他回来的第一件事是跑到妈妈 , 给她的丈夫和亲吻 。
fortunately , gout is treatable , and there are ways to reduce the risk that gout will recur .	幸运的是 , 路易是可处理的 , 而且有方法降低路透将会恢复的风险 。
every element has a method to return the label of its category and a method to bind the clicking action .	每个元素都有一种方法返回其类别标签的方法 , 还有一个方法绑定剪切行为 。
england setup with a stopper and cover , this exploits the talents of terry and ferdinand .	英格兰建立了一个停车和覆盖 , 这个开发了terry和ferdinand的天赋 。
this underlines that you should use double indexes if you want semantically correct numeric comparisons .	如果你想要语义上正确的数字比较 , 应该使用双指标 。
university of the freedom of living people to temporarily forget the past , and floated up to enjoy the present .	生活的大学自由 , 暂时忘记过去的自由 , 漂浮起来享受目前 。
tritium emits a weak form of radiation that does not travel very far in the air and cannot penetrate the skin .	试验结果表明 , 在空气中没有旅行非常远的辐射形式 , 无法渗透皮肤 。
finally , concrete suggestions and measures are proposed for the implementation of the group' s development strategy .	最后 , 针对集团开发战略实施的具体建议和措施 , 提出了具体建议 。
in general and basically , i'm still one of those who are beneficial and harmless to the mankind and our society .	总体来说 , 我仍然是那些对人类和我们社会有益和无害的人之一 。
this erosional basin was closed and evolved into a depositional basin during middle late pleistocene .	这种侵蚀盆地被关闭 , 进化成一个沉积盆地 , 在中晚期的普利斯坦 。
additionally , enthalpy and entropy both contributed to enantioseparation when mobile phase was acetonitrile .	另外 , 当移动阶段的移动阶段时 , 积极和熵都有助于具有足够的分离 。
each change brought fresh accessories , clothing , jewelry and body colors to the new collection .	每个变化都带来新鲜的配件 , 服装 , 珠宝和身体颜色到新收藏 。
while meeting financial group influence in foreign hotel to press on to the border , is because " wolf " come .	尽管会议金融集团对外宾馆的影响 , 会议金融集团对边境的压力 , 是因为 " 狼 " 来 。
" of the four wars in my lifetime none came about because the u . s . was too strong . " ronald reagan .	罗纳德·雷根说: " 在我生命的四场战争中 , 没有人会因为美国太强了 。 "
in september , the company slashed its sales forecast for 2010 by 25% to 600 , 000 vehicles .	九月份 , 该公司推出了2010年9月的销售预计 , 达到了25%至600万辆汽车 。
isn't that against china's principle of noninterference in the internal affairs of other countries ?	不能反对中国内部事务的非干扰原则 ?
objective:to investigate the electroneuographical characteristics in patients with guillianbarre syndrome .	目的:探讨guillianbar综合征患者的电流图学特点 。
because the kidneys produce carnitine , kidney disease could lead to a deficiency of carnitine in the body .	由于肾脏产生碳酸因子 , 肾脏疾病可能导致身体缺乏碳酸盐 。
to worship others blindly and belittle others at will are both factually the display of lack of selfconfidence .	为了保证别人盲目和信仰别人 , 事实上都是缺乏自信的显示 。
he posited that animals acquired certain traits during their lifetimes because of their environment and choices .	他指出 , 动物在生命期间获得了某些特点 , 因为它们的环境和选择 。
gaps are left between the outer cylinder and the inner cylinder , and air in gaps is pumped into vacuum .	外缸与内缸之间的差距离离开 , 空气在空气中泵入真空 。
we'd like someone to design a vector illustration of this fun , cute , accessible monstertype character .	我们喜欢有人设计这个乐趣的矢量图像 , 可访问的怪物类型 。
913 and , he didn't publish anything related to the lewis structure until about 1912 or 1913 .	913和1913年 , 他没有出版任何与立法结构相关的事情 , 直到1912年或1913年 。
dynamic program data from backend business logic can also be placed at the specified location in the html .	后端业务逻辑的动态程序数据也可以在html指定位置放置 。
experimental results on plasma instability and potential confinement configuration in mm4u tandem mirror are presented .	介绍了mm4u电镜中等离子体不稳定性和潜在限制配置的实验结果 。
so , these onchanging properties that describe the state of the equilibrium state of the system are called state variables .	因此 , 描述系统平衡状态平衡状态的这些交换性能被称为状态变量 。
an optimal sequencing of the storage elements in the single scan chain design for testability is presented in the paper .	本文介绍了单扫描链设计中存储元素的优化序列 。
in this paper , macroporous resin was used to treat wastewater resulting from manufacturing sulfanilamide .	本文采用宏观树脂处理废水处理废水 , 从制造硫酰胺出发 。
to be responsible for the partymasses work of administration and its directly affiliated institutions .	负责党大规模的工作 , 直接承担行政的直接实施机构 。
the gentleman was infinitely resourceful and had close contacts in the army and in political circles .	绅士无限资源丰富 , 在军队和政治环境密切接触 。
a motor vehicle which reaches the standards for being discarded as unserviceable shall not run on road .	一辆汽车到达标准的车辆 , 应当不可行的道路运行 。
used for the treatment of acute and chronic enteritis and diarrhea caused by bacterium or fungus .	用于急性慢性肠炎和腹泻引起的细菌或真菌引起的急性和慢性肠炎 。
other agreements in 1880 and 1892 sealed the protectorate status of bahrain to the british .	1880年 , 1892年和1892年密封了巴赫林的保护地位 。
objective: to observe the effects of synthetical rehabilitation cure on guillainbarre syndrome .	目的:观察综合康复疗法对桂林滨综合征综合征的影响 。
small doohickey 2: sunshine fades not more easily than be being cleaned in day of overcast and rainy .	小剂量多希克2:阳光不容易于清洁 , 天气清洁 , 雨 。
the four vessels were then reinforced by two type 037 antisubmarine patrol crafts .	然后采用两种037型反潜艇巡逻工艺加固四艘船 。
so research and development as a new treatment for burns and wound healing of the drug become yet to resolve the issue .	因此 , 研究和发展作为烧伤和伤口愈合的新治疗 , 仍然成为解决问题的新方法 。
represent medicine: much pepsin , pancreatin , more enzymatic piece , mai feiming wait .	代表医学:ppsin , 胰岛素 , 更多的酶素 , 肥料等待 。
increasing starch concentration had little influence on the gab parameters but nonetheless decreased aw .	增加淀粉浓度对气体参数的影响较少 , 但没有降低aw 。
deputy mayor he jihua meets with principal members of kagoshima cultural exchange group .	他副市长jihua会见了卡加希马文化交易集团的主要成员 。
current champion ronnie o'sullivan believes ding junhui has what it takes to go all the way .	目前的冠军罗尼奥·奥尔维安相信丁俊徽有什么东西 , 要走一路 。
timely deployment of work safety , strict implementation of territorial regulatory responsibility .	随时部署工作安全 , 严格执行领土监管责任 。
the public security work in poor areas will face favorable opportunities of development and confront grim challenges .	贫困地区公安工作将面临良好的发展和面临严峻挑战 。
today's dynamic business needs are driving it departments to implement standardsbased computing .	今天的动态业务需要驱动it部门实现基于标准的计算 。
it plans to equip other ultralight kits with electric motors ranging from 10 to 60 kilowatts .	它计划设备其他超光电机 , 从10到60公斤的电动机从10公斤到60公斤 。
mgm has now been taken over by new owners , however , and its money troubles appear to be a thing of the past .	然而 , mgm现在已经被新老板采取了 , 而其钱的麻烦似乎是过去的一件事 。
let us consider that we are all insane . it will explain us to teach each other . it will unriddle many riddles .	让我们考虑到我们所有的印西人 , 它将解释我们彼此相互教学 , 它将不会让许多骑兵 。
but there are a variety of things about people who can communicate from the dead or ghosts or seances or what have you .	然而 , 有各种关于那些能从死亡或鬼魂中沟通的事情 , 或者有什么事情 。
sift together the dry ingredients into mixing bowl . add in diced butter and knead to form dough .	sift一起把干燥成分混合碗中 , 添加在黄油中 , 膝盖形成粗糙 。
yet despite much speechifying from bankerbashing politicians , such views do not seem to have taken hold .	然而 , 尽管从银行银行的政治家们讲话很多 , 这样的观点似乎没有采取持有 。
customers will pay 2 star prices for a 5 star offering , a value proposition unmatched in the market place .	客户将支付2颗明星价格为5星提供 , 在市场上不匹配的价值建议 。
i think the reader gets the point . at some point we're all acted like this: we've been too busy to do god's work .	我想读者得到了这一点 , 在某些时候我们都是这样做的:我们太忙了去做上帝的工作 。
and basically everything what agassi and rios , and some other guys , what they have in life is thanks to the tennis .	基本上 , 阿加西和里奥斯的一切都是什么 , 其他一些家伙 , 他们在生活中有什么感谢网球 。
in many cases they interfere with the normal economic order in our country affecting the market of many highquality goods .	在许多情况下 , 他们干涉了我国的正常经济秩序 , 影响了许多高质量的商品市场 。
tax related crimes include all kinds of offence aganist china's tax system according to chinese criminal law .	税收相关犯罪包括各种违反机构中国税收制度依据中国刑法的各类税收制度 。
first , image capture and pantilt control are firstly achieved based on hikivision's image capture board .	首先 , 基于hikivision的图像捕获板实现了图像捕获和pantilt控制 。
the other part may be steeped in the principles of debate , such as identifying fallacies , or understanding bias .	另一部分可能在辩论的原则上稳定 , 例如识别失败 , 或者理解偏差 。
this is true whether you are doing street photography or visiting a natural or manmade site .	这是真正的 , 你是否在做街道摄影或访问自然或人造网站 。
if you can't make a lateral leap , look for ways to expand your current position in the direction of your interests .	如果你不能做一个侧腿 , 寻找在你的兴趣方向扩展当前的位置 。
your breath will come in through the crown of your head and will fill your body in a manner you are not really accustomed to .	你的呼吸将会在你的头冠中穿过 , 将会填补你的身体 , 你的身体真正无法习惯 。
according to the variation of pressure and speed , optimize the model to reduce the pressure loss .	根据压力和速度的变化 , 优化模型 , 降低压力损失 。
it becomes a hot topic these years . the major characteristics of channel are multipath transmission and shadow effect .	近年来 , 通道的主要特点是多路传输和阴影效应 。
" every time negotiations are underway , money always makes the decision , " pellegrino told sport . es .	" 每次谈判都处于底下 , 金钱总是使决策 , " 皮莱格里诺告诉体育 。
shampoos and other products designed to open scalp pores do not stop hair loss or promote regrowth of hair .	山坡和其他产品设计开放的防止毛孔不停止发损失或促进毛发的重新分布 。
the results from greenhouse experiment showed that the efficiency of biocontrol could arrived at 72 . 1% .	温室试验结果表明 , 生物控制效率可达72.1% 。
of course , none of us thought we'd be sitting on top of that peak in the not too distant future .	当然 , 没有人认为我们坐在不太远的未来的峰顶上 。
this week in our series , larry west and tony riggs describe an antiwar movement that was growing .	本周 , 在我们的系列中 , 拉里西和托尼·里格斯描述了一种抗war运动正在增长的抗war运动 。
even tutoring at a forprofit learning center or leading tours at a historic site required a master’s .	即使在一个前利益学习中心或领导旅游 , 在历史网站需要一位主人 。
the bct fee will be waived for all singaporeans and singapore prs above 16 years old .	bct费用将在16岁以上所有新加坡人和新加坡人士等待 。
so in this paper , the way of realization of the hl7 middleware on multiparameters monitor is intro duced .	介绍了hl7中间件在多参数监测器上实现的方法 。
i’m on the shit list in my platoon for quitting , and my chain of command won’t move me if i ask .	我在我的平原列表上列表 , 如果我问我 , 我的命令链不会移动我 。
the chongqing upt head hunting company is taken as an example to do a preliminary research in operating pattern .	重庆起重庆起重打猎公司作为运营模式的初步研究的例子 。
the model of effect information entropy project risk analysis has its unique theory and method in solving these problems .	信息熵工程风险分析模型具有独特的理论和解决这些问题的方法 。
the businessschool method of valuing shares is based on the discounted value of future dividend payments .	基于未来的分支支付价值的折扣价值的商业学校方法 。
how can you say so ? without breach in continuity how can there be rebirth ? can there be renewal without death ?	你怎么能说呢 ? 无论如何在连续性中 , 怎么出生怎样 ? 还有没有死亡呢 ?
censure: a punishment in which the mage is warned against future violations , similar to parole .	刑罚:对未来违反暴力的惩罚 , 类似于帕罗尔 。
the next section explains this cost more fully as it explores how startup costs are initially incurred .	下一节解释了这个成本更全面 , 因为它探索启动成本是如何初始创业成本的 。
a scientific study of athletics is the process of cognition to reveal the essence in things and their objective laws .	运动员的科学研究是揭示事物的本质及其客观法的认知过程 。
but feiler's wife , linda , had a hunch that something was wrong: " you know as a wife , as a spouse .	但是 , 菲尔的妻子林达 , 有一个猎物是错误的: " 你知道是妻子 , 就像是个夸张 。 "
in principle , each copy of the genome ; s estimated 60 , 000 genes is exactly the same .	在原理上 , 每个基因组的复制 ; 估计60 , 000基因完全相同 。
if there are no or not enough researchers looking into this subject , what should this author be entreating the government to do ?	如果没有足够的研究人员查找这个题目 , 本作者应该把政府派出来做什么呢 ?
again , if you want to match either of these characters verbatim , you must use an escaping backslash .	再次 , 如果你想匹配这些字符的字符 , 那么你必须使用一个逃跑背景 。
however , when using the model for the 2008 european championship , the forecast winner did not make it to the second round .	然而 , 当使用2008年欧洲冠军的模式时 , 预测赢得者并没有把它放到第二轮 。
with multifunctional die , the square and round hole angle steel flange can be manufactured .	随着多功能的死亡 , 可制造出平方和圆孔角钢法兰 。
good mind is broad , generous , and tolerant of the universe for the benefit of mankind the common people .	好心是广泛、慷慨、容忍宇宙的好处 , 为人类的益处 。
here , i first of all express our most sincere congratulations to the class group achieved outstanding results and classmates !	在这里 , 我首先表达我们最诚挚的祝贺到班级团体实现了优秀的结果和同学 !
yalong bay center place , won a national construction " luban award " modern garden plaza .	沿着湾中心的地方 , 赢得了一个国家建设 " luban奖 " 现代园林广场 。
for some weeks , my 26yearold son , david , had been after me to go with him to atlantic city , n .	几个星期 , 我26岁的儿子大卫一直跟他去大西洋城的大西洋一起去 。
the bank had the trust of its customers and had not seen any meaningful outflow of funds , tilmant said .	泰尔曼特说 , 银行拥有其客户的信任 , 并没有看到任何有意义的资金流出 。
endurance swimmer diana nyad has become the first person to swim from cuba to the us without a shark cage .	保险游泳者戴安娜·尼亚德已经成为第一位来自cuba游泳的美国 , 没有鲨鱼笼子 。
" it would be irresponsible for the president to veto this legislation , " boehner told reporters .	博纳告诉记者说: " 对于总统来说 , 这将是不负责任的 。 "
their personal stories show the tragic reality of cancer in poor countries and its strong impact on people and their families .	他们个人故事展示了贫困国家癌症的悲剧现状及其对人民和家庭的影响 。
after akmal shaikh , the mentally ill man , is executed tomorrow – you are on short rations for a year !	在阿基马尔·沙克之后 , 精神病人 , 明天被执行 , 你每年都是短期的 。
anyone who violates the regulations or disobey theexaminer will be handled according to related regulations .	任何违反规定或违反审查人员将按照相关规定进行处理 。
perhaps less than a kiloton , which sounds like a lot but is actually small as nuclear devices go .	也许不到一个kiloton , 听起来像大量的声音 , 但实际上很小 , 就像核设备一样 。
at a more basic level , americans are afraid not just of dying , but of talking and thinking about death .	在更基本的水平上 , 美国人害怕不仅仅是死亡 , 而且谈论和思考死亡 。
tan later , " juying lu pen consciousness " that read: " china's great sages , no clouds change also .	谭晚些时候 , " 朱明·罗宾意识 " 这个阅读: " 中国伟大的时代 , 没有云变化 。
prf global inc is a u . s . a . corporation located in huntington beach , california .	prf全球inc是一家位于加利福尼亚华盛顿海滩的美国公司 。
typically , large manufacturers will have a quality system that exceeds the medical device qs regulation .	通常 , 大型制造商将拥有超过医疗设备qs规范的质量系统 。
a man who likes to moralize is usually a hypocrite , and a woman who does the same is invariably plain .	一个喜欢道德化的男人通常是一个假说 , 一个女人做同样的女人是不可避免的 。
though none of us will individually alter the course of the universe , collectively we can do this !	尽管我们没有人会个人改变宇宙的过程 , 集体上我们可以做这个 !
" but , " he added , " through the grace of god and wisdom of our leaders , these plots were neutralized . "	" 但是 , " 他补充道 , " 通过我们领导的神和智慧 , 这些插图被中性化 。 "
a survey of arbuscular mycorrhizae of wild flowers in longtou mountain area and its application ;	一项研究了龙乌山地区野生花卉及其应用的阿布斯卡杂草的研究 。
remember , the name of god represents the god we name , and the lord god himself is this tower .	要记住 , 神的名字代表我们名的神 , 耶和华自己是这座塔 。
to safely use wasted onebase propellant , detonation occasion of charge was judged through witness steelplate .	为了安全使用浪费一个基础推进剂 , 通过目击钢板判断电荷的破坏情况 。
since fda began scrutinizing the drugs last march , shares of amgen have sunk 27 percent . u .	自3月份fda开始刺激药物 , am基因的股票占美国的27% 。
this paper is a summary on the experimental investigation of almg alloys with the alloying addition of re .	本文总结了利用增加re合金加入的almg合金的试验调查方法 。
this is unzipped on the broker and saved on the broker's file system according to message set .	这是根据消息集 , 根据消息集来节省经纪人文件系统的经纪人员 。
the book's writer , john b . watson , urged extreme firmness in dealing with children .	这本书的作家约翰·布·瓦森敦促与孩子交易极端坚定性 。
you shouldn’t need that many more words to explain what the picture means or why you’ve included it .	你不应该需要更多的单词来解释图片意味着什么意思或者为什么包含它 。
pepper , basil , oregano , turmeric , thyme , lime , onion and garlic are only a beginning .	辣椒 , 基础 , 杏仁 , 土耳其 , 你的 , 石灰 , 洋葱 , 蒜只是开始 。
try and clear your mind before bed time and make an effort to think positive thoughts that aid sleep .	尝试和清楚你的思想 , 在睡眠时间之前 , 努力思考积极的思想 , 帮助睡眠 。
but after china joined the npt in 1992 and the nsg in 2004 , it reined in such help , at least officially .	但是在1992年加入了npt和nsg , 在2004年 , 它重新在这样的帮助下 , 至少官方 。
haun ni asked molly , whats the matter , molly asked kim she isnt a person can love a person no longer love ?	哈妮问莫莉 , 什么事情 , 莫莉问金正是个人不再爱一个人吗 ?
the problem lies in the insufficiency and low efficiency of humancapital investment in rural areas in china .	中国农村地区人力资本投资的不足和效率低 。
for a while , aunt fan had large breasts too—they'd open up and she'd pull stuff out .	在一段时间里 , 阿姨的粉丝也有大胸口 , 他们开放了 , 她会把东西推出来 。
most of the characters have no mouths , dot eyes , and stick limbs ; those with lips are unintelligent .	大多数字符都没有嘴巴 , 点眼睛 , 粘着肢体 ; 嘴唇的人是不智慧的 。
grandma , tell me how you make everything so delicious ? someday i want to be the best cook there ever was , just like you .	孙母 , 告诉我你怎么做的事情 , 有天我想做最好的烹饪 , 就像你一样 。
romania , under its president , traian basescu , is a bastion of atlanticism in the black sea region .	罗马尼亚在其总统的罗马尼亚是黑海地区的大西洋主义基础 。
the direct link between alcohol and the liver is well understood but what about the impact of alcohol on other organs ?	酒精与肝脏之间的直接联系是很好的理解的 , 但是酒精对其他器官的影响是什么 ?
but i do think it is time to reevaluate the things i do have and whether or not they add any value to my existence .	但是我认为这是时候重新评估我做的事情是否有任何价值 , 还是不会对我的存在添加任何价值 。
the last recipe item in the list , shown in listing 5 , contains an additional html class: onlinerequired .	清单5中显示的最后一个接收项目 , 包含额外的html类:在线需求 。
acronym for " thank god its almost friday " , word is only usually used on thursday .	周五 " 谢谢上帝 " 的周五 , 单词通常只用在周四 。
ed begely jr . , the 61yearold activist and actor , has been doing it for longer than any of them .	爱德·贝吉利·杰先生 , 61岁的活动家和演员 , 一直在做它比任何人长 。
i'm tough , i'm ambitious , and i know exactly what i want . if that makes a bad woman , okay .	我很艰难 , 我很抱歉 , 我知道我想要的 , 如果那个坏女人 , 好吧 。
we asked relationship experts what you should discuss before getting hitched . here are 13 questions they came up with .	我们问你在接触之前应该讨论的关系专家 , 这里有13个问题 。
gady epstein , beijing bureau chief for forbes , has been covering china and asia since 2002 .	加迪·普斯坦 , 北京官僚首席福布斯 , 自2002年以来已经覆盖了中国和亚洲 。
our first stop was dongcheng , the county seat of dongguan –already an emerging force in export trade .	我们的第一站是东莞省东城市 , 东莞县已经成为出口贸易的新兴力量 。
we had legislation about the national health service passed 10 years ago and nothing has happened since .	十年前 , 国家卫生服务的立法已经过去了十年前 , 没有什么事情发生 。
till now , the paper constructs a framework according to the model which root in theory and tested by practice .	直到目前 , 本文根据实践中根据理论和实践测试的模型构造了框架 。
the passer touches a person to let them know he needs to get through but allows his hand to linger longer than necessary .	乘客触摸一个人 , 让他们知道他需要穿过但允许他的手比必要要长 。
he went to her , scolded her gently for her earlier faithlessness , and assured her that her search was over .	他去她 , 轻轻轻地为她早期无信 , 保证她的搜索已经结束了 。
unzip sj_tomcat . zip to the root of your tomcat installation’s webapps directory .	unzipsjtomcat.zip到tmcat安装的webapps目录的根部 。
the team showed only those cells with ezh2 phosphorylated by cdk1 differentiated into bone cells .	研究小组显示 , 只有通过cdk1分化成骨细胞的ezh2磷的细胞 。
but the chinese does not recognize this fact , nor if he should do so would it diminish his sense of innate superiority .	但是中国并不认识这一事实 , 如果他应该做到这样的话 , 那就会消除自己的优势感 。
the aim of the study was to investigate the effects of plant growth regulatorliduo was on wheat yield .	研究目的是探讨植物生长调节剂对小麦产量的影响 。
whenever we forget these basic truths about gifts , it always causes trouble in the church .	每当我们忘记那些关于礼物的基本真理时 , 它总是引起教堂的麻烦 。
in order for the world to realize the coming of maitreya , a number of conditions must be fulfilled .	为了全世界实现马地利亚的未来 , 必须满足许多条件 。
doctor frank paul is an expert in glaciology from swiss federal institute of technology .	弗兰克保罗医生是瑞士联邦技术研究所的冰川学专家 。
bud film contract and leaf long , lozenge or wedge , have notch shape a toothlike part of anything .	芽膜合同和叶片长 , 洛杉矶或婚礼 , 没有像任何东西一样的牙齿形成 。
perform monitoring , inspection and quality control at inhouse and subcontractor steel fabrication and welding section .	实现监测、检查和质量控制在室内和子承包机钢制造和焊接段 。
this invention describes a hydroxylamine benzene dismutase , its coding gene and applications .	本发明描述了一种羟胺苯异常酶、编码基因及应用 。
close shop to try and control monetization and you can only rely on your own internal innovation machine & capital .	紧密的商店尝试和控制货币化 , 只能依靠自己的内部创新机械和资本 。
it might be possible to get those same restrictedcalorie benefits from parttime dieting , the researchers said .	研究人员表示 , 可能会获得同样的限制卡路里的利益 , 从部分饮食中获得相同的限制 。
the relief effort wasn't enough to get assembly lines restarted elsewhere , however .	然而 , 救灾努力不足以获得其他地方的组装线 。
address: room 201 , 4th block , ceramics research insitrute , fengxi road , chaozhou , china .	地址:201房间2014楼 , 陶瓷研究引发 , 冯西路 , 潮州 , 中国 。
a palladium phthalocyaninepvc membrane electrode for thiocyanate ion was prepared .	制备了一种用于甲酸乙酸乙酯离子的平行甲烷-pvc膜电极 。
the stub and skeleton objects also take care of beginning and committing containermanaged transactions .	stub和keleton对象也照顾开始和委托容器管理事务的开始和承诺 。
and i will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth , blood , and fire , and pillars of smoke .	我想在天上和地上 , 血 , 和火焰 , 还有烟 。
since the beginning of the new century , the beginning of the largescale introduction of this subject .	自从新世纪初开始 , 本课题的大规模介绍开始了 。
he founded an authentic transaction network for famous chinese modern paintings and calligraphies in 2004 .	他在2004年建立了一套有名的中国现代绘画和书法网络的真实事务网络 。
communication with inotify is established through a system call . the available functions are as follows	通过系统调用建立inotify的通信 , 可用函数如下 。
sleepwalking is one of the disturbances of consciousness that fall in the scope of psychopaths .	睡眠行为是心理病范围下降的意识障碍之一 。
a: those who entered china illegally have violated china's law . they should be handled by china according to the law .	答:那些进入中国的非法侵犯了中国的法律 , 应当根据法律处理中国 。
and the blood test is reliable as early as seven weeks into the pregnancy , whereas ultrasound is not .	血液测试早些时候 , 7周进入怀孕 , 而超声不能 。
psc media also increased the amount and the caliber of blood vessel in cam model in vivo .	psc媒体也增加了cm模型中血管的数量和血管的caliber 。
now read the text , have rarely been touched , and enjoy the film , often tears in your eyes .	现在阅读文本 , 很少被触摸 , 享受电影 , 通常在眼睛里泪 。
failing that , his wife will have a sizable dossier with evidence of infidelity to confront him with .	失败这一点 , 他的妻子会有一个可怕的剂量 , 证据证据表明 , 与他面对着他 。
the key is embolic infarction is a focal change , whereas autolytic change is global and diffuse .	关键是实体梗死是一个关键的变化 , 而自动变化是全球和扩散 。
i hope shasha's classmates or friends coming abroad can read your essays if possible .	我希望莎莎莎的同学或朋友在未来的国外可以阅读你的评论 。
the catv graphical components library , which this paper introduces , is just the base of the aided software .	本文介绍了catv图书馆图书馆 , 仅仅仅是援助软件的基础 。
but the milk is full of white blood cells that thicken and make the milk go bad more quickly .	但牛奶充满白细胞厚厚 , 使牛奶变得更快 。
also , cooking and edible quality were mostly determined by gca of restorers and sca of f1combinations .	此外 , 烹饪和可食用品主要是由gca恢复器和sca测定的f1组合决定的 。
the technique supports euclidean distance measure and lshift euclidean distance measure .	该技术支持euclidean距离测量和ls转移uclidean距离测量 。
" cerasomes were designed as a therapeutic alternative to common chemotherapeutics , " said kester .	克斯特说: " 宫颈是一种常见化疗的治疗替代方式 。 "
the average price for gasoline was down 7 cents at $3 . 70 per gallon in the latest week .	汽油价格平均下跌7美分 , 每周每加仑3.70美元 。
when her bitter ready to surrender , and found that all video clip in locked in the record has been force than the ;	当她准备下降的时候 , 发现所有的视频剪辑在记录中锁定的所有视频剪辑比起来的力量要多 ;
of course you can buy some unlocked phones right nowbut it's usually a niche way of operating . .	当然你现在可以购买一些未锁定的电话 , 但通常是一种运营方式 。
experiments showed the effect of metal ions on the shape , size and surface structure of lipid rafts .	试验表明 , 金属离子对脂肪种子的形状、尺寸和表面结构的影响 。
" if i started all from scratch in the united states , i would have spent much more time looking for funding , " jiang said .	" 如果我从美国开始 , 我会花更多时间去寻找资金 , " 姜说 。
if there is a neurological disparity between the genders , it could explain important behavioral differences .	如果患者之间存在神经差异 , 它可以解释重要行为差异 。
objective discussing the clinic application value of dry chemistry test paper method and urine deposit mirror inspecting method .	目的探讨干化学试验方法及尿液沉积镜检查方法的临床应用价值 。
resulting assumption: i am a great employee and make a significant contribution to my team	结果假设:我是一名伟大的员工 , 为我的团队提供了重要贡献 。
this journal has the right to select and publish the writings and pictures published in this journal .	本杂志有权选择并发布在本杂志发布的书面和图片 。
articke 12 the rate leviable on the smallscale taxpayers goo ds or taxable services shall be 6% .	第十二条小规模税收者goods或可税务服务的可行性应当为6% 。
the motor function in the two groups was markedly improved after treatment , especially in treatment group .	两组电机功能明显提高治疗后 , 尤其是治疗组 。
droughts spread through the subtropics , accompanied by heatwaves and intense wildfires .	干旱通过亚热带传播 , 伴随着热波和强烈的野火 。
i like a picture which john lennon and yoko ono hugging , they are like a smooth circle .	我喜欢一幅约翰·莱昂和约翰·莱诺的照片 , 他们就像一个平滑的圆形 。
his mop of black hair and silverrimmed glasses make him a dead ringer for harry potter .	他的头发和银色的玻璃使他成为哈利波特的死戒指 。
a letter generally mails to americaeuropeafrica by airmail . first 20 grams is 20 yuan .	一封信通常邮寄给美国的非洲航空邮件 , 第二20个语法是20元 。
zakah is a portion of one's wealth that must be given to the poor or to other specified causes .	扎卡是一个财富的部分 , 必须给穷人或其他指定的原因 。
so what happens almost instantaneously after the collision , the electron up here falls back down .	因此 , 碰撞后几乎发生了什么 , 电子在这里倒下来 。
what's this ? this is what it looks like when you stand at the foot of one of the giant junipers at mount lala .	这是什么呢 ? 这看起来像你站在拉拉拉的一个巨大的犹太人之脚的时候 , 看起来像什么样 。
breathable leather interior aids in wicking moisture away from your feet so they stay healthy and dry .	可呼吸的皮革内部援助 , 使你脚部的水分离开来 , 以便他们保持健康和干燥 。
she feeds the orphaned calf three to four times a day , the same amount an infant requires in a day .	她每天喂了三到四次 , 同样的婴儿每天需要一天 。
to the best of our knowledge , brain capillary telangiectasia rarely has been previously reported by swi .	对于我们最好的知识来说 , 大脑血管炎几乎没有被瑞典报告 。
ann: look , this news is about a post80s girl who spent 3000 yuan for her dog's birth .	安:看 , 这个消息大约是80岁的女孩 , 她花了3000元的狗出生 。
used the er graph tool to design the system information model , and has constructed the system database physical information model .	利用er图工具设计系统信息模型 , 建立了系统数据库物理信息模型 。
no flooding on our way up to the land , but here and there in the mountain area are fallen branches on the road .	在我们的路上没有洪水 , 但这里 , 山区的山区落在路上 。
frame of manufacturing management layer and supervisory control layer network system make out subsection .	制造管理层的框架和监督控制层网络系统的管理层框架 , 做出订阅 。
results and conclusion the present laboratory examinations do not show obvious help for the early diagnosis of bmt .	结果与结论目前实验室检查并不显著帮助bmt早期诊断 。
and the designed sensor can also be used to measure some other types of linear displacement or rotation angle .	而设计的传感器也可用于测量其他类型的线性位移或旋转角 。
analysis about some phenomenon of using characters of bronze inscriptions in the han dynasty .	分析汉代铜描述的一些现象 。
there are some different pt conditions between the west and east of the southern area to the chonglichicheng large fracture .	重城东南部地区西部和东部地区的pt条件有不同的pt条件 。
schoolrunning strategy: adapt actively , advance moderately , and develop independently .	学校运行策略:积极适应 , 中等先进 , 独立发展 。
the formula is therefore considered as available to the calculation of drawing force on tube sinking .	因此公式被认为是可用来计算管道沉积力的计算公式 。
the value to set is a reference to either a java . lang . object , or a subclass thereof .	设置的价值是一个java.lang.lang.对象或子类的参考 。
the national collegiate athletic association governs college sports in the united states .	国家高校运动协会政府在美国体育学院体育学院 。
" you mean the people who live in the big house next door , don't you ? " asked one of the girls .	" 你意味着那些住在大房子里的人 , 不要你吗 ? " 一个女孩问 。
my husband's first coaching experience was with a juniorhighschool basketball team .	我丈夫的第一次教练经验是一支高中的篮球队 。
objective to study the clinical features and treatment of traumatic cerebral intraventricular hemorrhage .	目的探讨创伤脑室内出血的临床特点及治疗方法 。
there are defects such as wash , blowhole , dispersed shrinkage in the butterfly type valve .	在蝴蝶式阀中 , 有如洗孔、吹孔等缺陷 , 分散在蝴蝶阀内 。
this amount increases each year you're here inline with inflation and subject to government regulations .	这个数额每年增加你在这里与通货膨胀和主体联系到政府法规 。
the longterm causes of the cold war were fundamentally due to the ideological differences between east and west .	冷战的长期原因是由于东和西之间的思想差异 , 由于冷战的长期原因 。
one of the downsides of antidepressant pills is that they can take a long time to work — between two and eight weeks .	反抑郁剂丸的下面之一是他们可以花很长时间时间来工作 , 在两到八个星期之间 。
i have a great relationship with him , even after the primavera game he called me wanting to know everything about my condition .	我和他有一个伟大的关系 , 即使是在他打电话之后 , 他叫我想知道一切关于我的条件的事情 。
the society of boys' centres is the main beneficiary of a scholarship & development fund set up by us .	男孩中心的社会是美国建立学金开发基金的主要利益 。
in this paper , the construction management of the modern landscape greening project is analyzed in this paper .	本文对现代景观希腊工程建设管理进行了分析 。
guangzhou city people's congress , canton canton ya huang yongguang said school principals .	广州市人民大会 , 坎顿大使杨永光说 , 学校主任 。
objective :to establish a quality control of compound tetracaine hydrochloride gel newly prepared .	前言:目的:建立一种新制备的复合四氯化铁胶的质量控制方法 。
rooms divided into standard rooms , deluxe rooms , single rooms , all kinds of suites .	房间分为标准房间 , 豪华房间 , 单房间 , 各种套房 。
objective:to investigate the bacteria infection and drug resistance state in the medical intensive care unit .	目的:探讨细菌感染及药物耐药状态在医疗强度护理单位中的应用价值 。
objective to investigate the absorption kinetics of ligustrazine at different intestine segments in rats .	目的探讨不同肠道分泌大鼠肠道不同肠道段的吸收动力学 。
i could smell the fresh , wonderful scent of devil's hole , the water , the moss , the laurel .	我可以闻到新鲜的味道 , 美丽的魔鬼洞 , 水 , 摩西 , 劳尔 。
returned to south koreas ginger both smoke and willow township enjoy the two people in love time .	回到韩国南方 , 两个城镇都享受了两个人在爱情时享受了两个人 。
so this is just the idea that the most electrons that you can have in a single orbital is two electrons .	所以 , 这只是你可以在单轨道上有最多的电子 , 是两个电子 。
forget about level surfaces , forget about standing back , and just pick up your quadrotor and throw it .	忘记关于水平表面 , 忘记记记记记站在站台上 , 只要拿起四分之一 , 把它扔掉 。
" docking " means that adequate information sharing , mutual understanding and the parallel development of same period .	" 挖掘 " 意味着足够的信息共享、互相理解和同时期的平行发展 。
blue roses also have mythical qualities because until the japanese discovery they were impossible to grow .	蓝玫瑰也有神话质量 , 因为直到日本发现他们不可能生长 。
just before we left , the husband told me he and his wife had moved in 34 years ago , right before they got married .	就在我们离开之前 , 丈夫告诉我 , 他和妻子在34年前移动 , 就在婚前 。
trapped in a crowd , the music is loud . i said i love my freedom too , now i'm not sure i do .	我还说我爱我的自由 , 现在我不确定我做的 。
for an invention to be patentable it must not be obvious 'to one of ordinary skill in the art' .	对于一个发明来说 , 它必须明显 " 到艺术中的普通技能之一 " 。
on may 5th , leonard stringfield releases and article in batavia , illinois about aliens .	五月五日 , 莱昂纳德字符串发布和文章在巴塔维亚 , 伊利诺伊州 。
st lucia is clearly an island on the move ; one can only hope that it will retain its unspoilt charm .	圣卢西亚是一个移动的岛屿 , 只有一个希望它保留它的绝对魅力 。
please maintain clean environment , turn off cellular phone and b . b . call , prepare .	请维持清洁的环境 , 转移手机和b.b.调用 , 准备好 。
moreover , the treatment efficiency of hpac was better than which of traditional pac or aluminum sulfate .	此外 , hpac的治疗效率优于传统的pac或铝硫酸铝 。
what value can songbird add if the user navigates from a music blog to cnn ? probably none .	如果用户从音乐博客到cnn的用户导航的话 , 歌鸟可以添加什么价值呢 ?
i was just in denmark , and it occurred to me there’s not a hint of a big gulp society there .	我只是在丹麦 , 事实上发生在我身上 , 没有一个大古尔卑斯社会的隐藏 。
to deal with the increasing load of idp , it is essential to implement load balance based on cluster .	为了处理idp的增加负载 , 基于集群实现负载平衡是必要的 。
but in the presence of so violent a temptation , reason vanished ; nothing remained but instinct .	但是在那么暴力的存在中 , 原因变得如此 , 没有什么东西依然是直觉 。
it is great to be here in the same time as the irish group . that gives us a new perspective about the way to work with ceramics .	与爱尔兰群体一样 , 爱尔兰群体一样 , 这给我们一个新的视角来与陶瓷作业 。
first , service premium is a key issue of credit market with the transition from shortage economy to surplus one .	首先 , 服务优先是信用市场的关键问题 , 是短缺经济转变的关键问题 。
she worry you listen , but didn t also way , then she saw the northsouth and mis blue , said later .	她担心你听着 , 可是也没有办法 , 然后她看见北方和蓝军 。
she saw it through a mist of fancya pale , sombre halflight , which was the essence of poetic feeling .	她看到它是由于fancyapale缺少 , 足球半光 , 这是诗学感觉的本质 。
but change enough words , though it is only one at a time , and your thought ends up dead just the same .	但是 , 改变足够的词 , 虽然它只是一次 , 你的思想终结了死亡 。
evidently two of the girls there had an altercation and one pushed the other off the wharf and into the water .	显然 , 两个女孩有一个变化 , 另一次推出了另一只从车上拉到水里 。
the sunset glow floods the inlet of the river , blending with the hues on the horizon , and me .	太阳光闪烁着河流的入口 , 与水平上的丈夫混合在一起 , 我 。
one pair may not fit inside all of your shoes , so you may want separate orthotics for dress shoes or sports .	一对可能不适合你的鞋子内部 , 所以你可能希望独立的身体 , 用于穿鞋或运动 。
he then surrendered to guards and handed over a letter , but details of his particular plight were not made known .	然后 , 他继续向保卫和手持一封信 , 但他的特殊插件的细节并不被所知 。
add to this ideas promulgated by religious groups in which transgressive sex is sinful even as a fantasy .	加入宗教团体的这一思想 , 即使是一个幻想 。
a sponge that absorbs c02 and boosts hydrogen fuel production , said an australian researcher .	澳大利亚研究人员说 , 吸收c02和增加氢燃料生产的spon 。
ralph sings , norton plays " swanee river " and then " melancholy serenade " fast tempo .	拉尔夫歌唱 , 诺顿玩 " 天鹅河 " , 然后 " 黑色圣灵 " 快速温泉 。
the transaction mechanism and the system will be maintained by the company , the proxy stores , retailers old sales .	公司、代理商、零售商、旧销售商保持交易机制和系统 。
to use the period inventory system effectively , the manager must be able to control inventory by visual inspection .	为了有效地使用周期库存系统 , 管理者必须通过视觉检查来控制库存 。
but i say unto you , that it shall be more tolerable for the land of sodom in the day of judgment , than for thee .	然而我对你说 , 判断的日子 , 应该更加容忍 , 比起判断的日子 。
it's a sentiment once professed for every artist from shaun cassidy to paul mccartney .	这是一个情感 , 一旦教授来自山寨的各位艺术家保罗麦卡特尼教授教授 。
the cost savings are enormous , and the timetomarket for new applications or functionality is greatly improved .	新应用程序或功能性提高了成本节省大量 , 提高了新型应用程序和功能的时间市场 。
out went suits in favour of the opennecked shirts that mr lafley usually sports .	拉弗莱先生通常运动的开放式衬衫 。
thenthe optimal driving curve under the conditions of matching and linear voltage control is derived .	然后在匹配和线性电压控制条件下 , 给出了最佳驱动曲线 。
suddenly , huan zang could not control himself but began to laugh with his beloved wife and adorable babies .	突然 , 湖南张不能控制自己 , 但开始笑着他的妻子和可爱的婴儿 。
i knew how hard dad worked to scrape together enough money for my accordion and lessons .	我知道爸爸怎么努力把钱包裹在一起 , 按照我和教训的资金一起 。
get some pliers or something to hold the hinge with and hammer lightly at the hinge . do so for both hinges .	拿一些快乐或有些东西 , 拿着帽子和锤子轻轻地躺在床上 。 这样做两只帽子 。
gentleness is a sharp sword . gentleness is a latent power which can let all the people submit themselves to it .	温柔度是一个尖锐的剑 。 温柔度是一种潜在的力量 , 让所有人都提交自己 。
both in theory and in practice , ethics and the economy have become irreconcilable opposites .	在理论和实践中 , 道德和经济已经变得不可再次相反 。
for me it is a very dangerous if i didn't have any ready to enter for the exam , i will get a bad grade .	对于我来说 , 如果我没有准备进入考试的话 , 我会得到一个坏级别 。
but the twotime academy award winner is also one of hollywood's highest profile christians .	但是 , 两次学术奖励者也是好莱坞最高档的基督教徒之一 。
number two , pointer dereferencing starts at the pointer and follows its arrow over to access its pointee .	第二 , 指针分别在指针上启动 , 并遵循其箭头来访问它的指针 。
it is believed that on december 21st , 1891 , the first basketball game in history was played .	1891年12月21日 , 1891年12月21日 , 第一个篮球比赛在历史上扮演 。
in the wake of the midterms , he has voiced a willingness to work with the republicans in congress .	在中期醒来的时候 , 他声音了一个愿意与共和党人在国会工作的愿望 。
japan's is far greater , yet the yen has become one of the safe havens for those fleeing the dollar .	日本更多 , 但日本已经成为那些逃离美元的安全之一 。
the land they're squatting on has arable tracts , trees , hills to the west and natural springs .	他们正在向西方和自然春天展开的土地 , 有可追踪的痕迹 , 树木 , 树木 , 山顶到西方和自然春天 。
dr . jenningswhite has published many articles on the topic of organic chemistry and perfumery .	詹宁斯白博士在有机化学和香水的话题上发表了许多文章 。
michael:paulo ? i don't believe it . i thought he worked all the timelike my brother .	迈克尔:保罗吗 ? 我不相信它 。 我认为他全部工作的时候都像我的兄弟一样 。
my sister has mistaken me for a mushroom . she keeps me in the dark and feeds me shit .	我的妹妹为一间蘑菇错了我 , 她把我留在黑暗里 , 喂我 。
cardinal rosales praised the life of the “extraordinary” saint . “this is his home town .	罗萨尔赞美了 " 外星 " 圣的生命 。 " 这是他的家乡 。
" it's only the malicious guys who have to worry about what happens once they submit a result , " livshits says .	" 这只是那些必须担心事故发生的恶性家伙 , " 利夫什特说 。
they made their way to the secondfloor store room , broke down the door and dressed themselves in officers' uniforms .	他们在第二楼的房间里做了自己的办法 , 打破门 , 穿着自己穿着警官的统一服装 。
the method of ontology merging based on fca can overcome the drawbacks of the traditional ontology merging methods .	基于fca的本体合并方法可以克服传统的本体逻辑合并方法的抽象 。
hplc method for the determination of larginine in cefepime hydrochloride for injection was established .	建立了液相色谱法测定葡萄糖在葡萄糖注射液中的hplc方法 。
software process engineering metamodel is the standard specification that formally describes the software development processes .	软件过程元模型是正式描述软件开发过程的标准规范 。
for experience discussion of , the article introduces the thinking of a large number of preqin confucianism and taoism .	针对经验的讨论 , 介绍了大量前秦儒家和道教思想的思想 。
returning to the familiar kitchen he slides a knife along his letters , slitting out their folded information .	回到熟悉的厨房 , 他沿他的信里滑了刀 , 滑出他们折叠的信息 。
then the people of the land killed all who had plotted against king amon , and they made josiah his son king in his place .	然后 , 土地的人们杀死了所有的人 , 反对国王 , 他们使约西亚王在他的地方做了约西亚王 。
ulta , another retail chain , was among the first to put mass and prestige offerings on the same selling floor .	ulta是另一个零售链之一 , 是第一个把质量和预期提供在同一销售地板上 。
daguerre did not need to make money from the invention to live , since he had been pensioned by the french government .	自从法国政府被罚款以来 , 达格尔不需要从发明中赚钱 , 因为他已经被法国政府惩罚 。
how can you tell people that eating the filets of a shark is fine , but eating the fins of that very same animal is not fine ?	你怎样能告诉人们吃鲨鱼的文件是很好的 , 但是吃的最后一样的动物是不错的吗 ?
for sensing air temperature under heavy loading appliances such as fan heater , hot air tunnel ...etc...	热气隧道、热气隧道等重量装置下的空气温度 , 如风扇加热器、热气隧道等 。
when power converters operate at boost mode , the lowvoltage side battery will discharge and provide power for dclink ;	当电源转换器在提高模式运行时 , 低压侧电池将放电并为dclink提供电源 ;
its downfall occurred in 1256 as a result of the expansion of the mongol empire into iran and syria .	它的下落发生在1256年 , 由于蒙古帝国扩张到伊朗和叙利亚 。
this paper has established a bistable region diagram and a boundary diagram of the failure to attenuating vibration .	本文建立了一个禁区图 , 建立了一个阻碍区域图 , 并提出了一种故障引起振动的边界图 。
the contextual linkages of records should carry the information needed for an understanding of the transactions that created and used them .	记录的上下文链接应对创建并使用它们的事务所需要的信息进行理解 。
in this hot summer , let your computer desktop has become full of fantasy , full of temptation to it !	在这个热夏天 , 让你的电脑桌面变得充满幻想 , 充满诱惑 !
micro electro mechanical systems multigranularity macromodeling nonstandard structure model order reduction ;	微型电力系统多重宏观模式非标准结构秩序降低 ;
aim to investigate the chemical constituents of the rhizomes of anemarrhena asphodeloides bunge .	目的探讨阿米尔-河南亚硫化物的化学成分 。
" before it happened i loved school , i loved everything about it , " redding , now 19 , said on cnn television .	" 在它发生之前 , 我喜欢学校 , 我喜欢一切关于它的东西 , " 红色 , 现在19岁的cn电视台说 。
the space is dotted with various types of houses and tradesman 's workshops with their messy yards .	空间是用各种类型的房屋和贸易员的工作坊和他们的消息院做的 。
we also learnt about some local fauna including a toad in the family bufonidae which is toxic if eaten .	我们还学习关于某些当地法尼亚 , 包括在家庭的布芬尼达州 , 如果吃的话 , 我们也会学习一些当地法尼亚的东西 。
but therein lies a danger the danger of assuming that tangible , quantifiablethings are all there is to an impasse .	然而 , 在危险中 , 假设可变的危险中 , 量化的东西都存在着一定的冲突 。
the construction theorem of regular semigroups with orthodox transversals was given by a simpler formal set .	通过简单的正式集合 , 给出了正交交耦合的常规半群的建设定理论 。
qualitatively analyze the existing problem of the antenna height scanning for the eut with radiating characteristicsin the measurement method .	定量分析了天线高扫描的存在问题 , 用辐射特性对测量方法进行辐射性能评价 。
but we must remind our comrades that they must truly follow the spirit of the " may 7th directive " .	但是我们必须提醒我们的同志 , 他们必须真正遵循 " 五七 " 的精神 。
young bloods are full of ambition and pride once they have collected their first trophy the skull of their kill .	年轻的血液充满了雄心和骄傲 , 一旦他们收集了他们的第一次脉冲 , 他们杀死的头颅 。
tumbling this price positions significantly increase potential null layout has been positive .	将这种价格定位显著增加潜在的null布局已经积极 。
the result testified the difference of antiinfection for nematodirus spp between poll dorset and mongolian sheep .	结果表明 , 研究结果表明 , 调查doret与蒙古羊之间抗感染的差异 。
" beyond the mountain's olive tree " , " little river up " , " village crossing " and others .	" 远超越山的橄榄树 " , " 小河 " 、 " 村庄交叉 " 和其他人 。
in a video image from new zealand's tvnz , men carry a wounded man after he is pulled from the rubble .	在来自新西兰电视台的视频里 , 男人在他被拉出来的橡胶之后携带伤人 。
in 1990 hazen took on a second position , as professor of earth science at george mason university .	1990年 , 乔治马逊大学地球科学教授在1990年取得了第二个位置 , 作为地球科学教授 。
ozark's turkey farmers are not immune to the issues that are hurting farm communities everywhere .	奥扎克的土耳其农民并非免疫 , 每个地方都要进入农村社区的问题 。
the alien seeds thus took roots , sprouted and grew into such big plantain trees on top of other trees .	由此 , 叶子种子在其他树顶上发芽 , 生长到这棵大规模树上 。
“the volksparteien are coming to an end , ” says peter l&ouml ; sche , a political scientist .	政治科学家彼得·l&ouml说: " 伏克斯帕蒂恩来到了一端 。 "
sediment samples collected from seven stations in xiamen western harbour were processed qualitatively and quantitatively .	定量地处理了厦门西海岸7个站的沉积样本 , 定量地处理了沉积样本 。
both succumbed to the temptations of drink and women , and had uneasy relations with the critics and the press .	两人都成功到了饮酒和妇女的诱惑 , 与批评家和新闻无关 。
dashboard receives contextual information from the focused application and uses it to query a selection of backend stores .	达什板接收了从集中应用程序的上下文信息 , 并使用它查询后端存储的选择 。
agv grandbase system is a set of software to control and manage many agvs to accomplish many material transit tasks .	agv大基础系统是一套用于控制和管理许多gvs来完成许多材料传输任务的软件 。
as the first chapter of book five begins , there is a drought in surrey which has prompted a hosepipe ban .	作为第五章开始的第一章 , 书面有一篇药物 , 已经提高了一项希望的禁令 。
with convenient transportation:it's 220km from shanghai , 65km from hangzhou , 290km from ningbo .	运输方便:上海的220公里 , 来自杭州的65公里 , 290公里 。
when the swiss author robert walser created a portrait of a poet , he actually wrote a selfportrait .	当瑞士作家robertwalser创造了一个诗歌的肖像时 , 他实际上写了自我肖像 。
everything you have thought , said , and done makes up the kind of person you are now , and also contains the seeds of your future .	你所想的一切都有思考 , 说 , 做了你现在的种子 , 还包含了你未来的种子 。
one terrorist nuke , assembled from stray exsoviet fissile material , can ruin your whole day .	一个恐怖分子nuke , 来自strayexsoviet纤维材料组装 , 可以破坏整天 。
afternoon listening to two friends talk about the past , think of " the dream into reality . " this paragraph of word .	下午听两个朋友谈过去的话 , 想 " 梦想 " 到现实 。
the nature and characters of operations research , the knowledge system , the developing history , applications , functions in the business decisions .	操作研究的本质和特点 , 知识系统 , 发展史 , 应用程序 , 业务决策中的功能 。
" i'm a vampire , and i've been alive for over 500 years , " bensley said , according to erickson .	" 我是一个真空 , 我已经活了500多年 , " 贝恩斯利说 , " 根据伊里克逊说 。
so does theresa may , who is under pressure to cut police numbers as a result of the austerity programme .	所以 , 五月份 , 在压力削减警方数字的情况下 , 因此 , 警方计划的结果是 。
well it came when elijah , the amazing prophet of the one and only god picked me to be a prophet like him after he died .	当伊利雅的时候 , 一个令人惊讶的预言 , 只有上帝拿我去世后就像他一样的预言 。
attending his reading , he said , were large numbers of hispanic people , 40 , 000 of whom lived in the same city .	他说 , 参加他的阅读 , 大量的西班牙人民 , 4万人住在同一城市 。
in order to make sure , i think you should have a threeglass urine test made as well as an examination of the prostatic secretion .	为了确保 , 我认为你应该有三glas尿试验 , 以及检查持续分割 。
the school has minhang , yangpu two main campus , is now actively strive to build a new campus port .	这所学校拥有小张 , 杨浦两个主要校园 , 现在积极努力建立一个新的校园港口 。
the company has cable research institute with powerful technical strength and domestic advanced product r&d capability .	本公司拥有强大的技术力量和国内先进产品r&d能力研究所 。
wang condensation cold that lost touch with organizations , the white sea angel dumpling also admitted his revenge .	王凝聚冷却与组织失去联系 , 白海天使堆积也承认他的收入 。
therefore , it is critical that governments place investing in immunization high on their national health agendas .	因此 , 政府在民族卫生协议上投资免疫高的基础上 , 是关键的 。
this paper presents the principle and methods for design and calculation of the deviationmeasuring mechanism of the inclinometer .	提出了一种设计原理和计算方法 , 用于临界仪偏差测量机理的计算方法 。
under the influence of welfare pluralism , community care has become one of main strategies of coping the problem .	在福利多元主义的影响下 , 社区护理已经成为复制问题的主要战略之一 。
i actually jogged every day when i was in jail , and i took shower with cold water no matter if it was snowing oring .	我实际上每天都在监狱里玩笑 , 然后我带着冷水淋浴 , 无论是雪还是是没什么事情 。
richclient documents can be saved to a persistent medium as new documents or as part of the data from which they originated .	丰富的文档可以节省到一个持久的媒体 , 作为新的文档或作为源自的数据的一部分 。
the chemical deburring solution features good stability , long service life and lower roughness of the treated steel surface .	化学探讨解决方案具有良好的稳定性、长期的服务寿命和较低的处理钢表面粗糙度 。
he is supported by 4 junior ministers with specific responsibilites , who are also elected politicians .	他是由4名专门负责人支持的高级部长 , 同时也被选举的政治家 。
housing activists and scholars said this electionyear bill will ease , but not end , the housing crisis .	房屋活动家和学者表示 , 这项选举年期的比尔将会轻松 , 但不会结束 , 房屋危机 。
jillian's goal is to capture the best portrait she can within that timeframe and your job is to assist her in doing so .	吉利安的目标是捕获最好的肖像 , 她可以在那段时间框架内捕获最好的肖像 , 你的工作是帮助她做这样的 。
mr evans says that from now on immigration will play a bigger role in the “structure of australia’s workforce” .	埃文斯先生说 , 从现在移民将在澳大利亚工作力的结构上扮演更大的作用 。
it is a very sobering responsibility to know that you are preparing for the future , china's next generation of leaders .	这是一个非常令人震惊的责任 , 知道你准备未来 , 中国下一代领导人 。
this loss embitters humans , and they have a warlike view of diplomacy — swing first , ask questions later .	这个失去的嵌入者 , 他们有一个警告的外交视图 , 第一 , 询问后来的问题 。
core plate strengthening soft soil base is with the characteristics of rapid speed , better effect and easy construction .	核心板强化软土基础具有快速速、效果好、施工方便等特点 。
for example , mindtree consulting was founded 1999 in anticipation of the very threats that have now materialised .	例如 , 心灵树咨询成立于19999年 , 预计现在已有材料化的威胁 。
it is 50 times bigger than the original one and covers 240 sqm the equivalent area of 22 london buses .	它比原来的50倍大 , 覆盖240sqm等价区222辆伦敦公交车的等价区域 。
but god not only forgives the past , he clothes you in righteousness as though you had never committed a sin .	但上帝不仅忘记过去 , 他穿着你正确的衣服 , 尽管你从来没有犯罪 。
watching people cling to6 each other , crying , and holding each other in that last embrace makes me appreciate what i have even more .	观看人们彼此关闭6人 , 哭着 , 彼此相互抱着彼此之间 , 让我欣赏我更多的东西 。
delayed coke is a quite mature processing technic , and it is looked as an ordinary means of deepprocess .	延迟焦是一种非常成熟的工艺 , 看起来是一种普通的工艺手段 。
at the peak of the housing boom in 2005 , sales of both existing and new homes were running at twice the 1976 rate .	在2005年房屋的高峰上 , 销售现有和新房屋的销售都在1976年的两倍 。
methods: 6 sb patients and 8 normal persons were monitored with polysomnography during the whole night .	方法:对6例sb患者及8例正常患者进行全夜间检测多分泌检查 。
and her boys , were they getting on well at belvedere ? was that so ? father conmee was very glad indeed to hear that .	而她的男孩 , 他们在贝尔维尔获得了好吗 ? 所以那么 ? 爸爸的康妮斯确实很高兴听到这件事 。
nonmedical use of prescription drugs was also more common in the 5059 age group than in the 60andover age group .	在5059年龄组中 , 非药物的非医疗用途也比60万吨年龄组更常见 。
the distinguished chinese guests , it is certainly in the fundamental interest of our people to trade and be friend with chinese people .	中国客人独特的中国客人 , 当然是我们人民的基本利益 , 与中国人民共同朋友的基本利益 。
we can also guess that such a toothbrush may hurt the man’s teeth as well as his mood , inconveniencing him greatly .	我们还可以猜 , 这样的牙刷可能会伤害人体的牙齿 , 以及他的情绪 , 很大程度上不便于他 。
but an overconfident lee thought that , having reinforced both flanks , meade would be weak in the center .	但是 , 一个过度信心的李思想 , 加强了两个银行 , 梅德将会在中心弱 。
vanilla , being the most popular flavor , was in a separate case at the front of the store for quick pickup .	范尼拉 , 成为最受欢迎的风味 , 是在商店前面的一个独立案例 。
women over thirty and/or women who are divorced have an almost leperlike status in chinese dating culture .	三十岁以上女性离婚的女性 , 在中国舞蹈文化中几乎有着一样的地位 。
people familiar with these moors often miss their road on such evenings ; and i can tell you there is no chance of a change at present .	人们熟悉这些母亲通常会错过他们的路 , 我可以告诉你目前没有什么改变机会 。
sexy tianjin is a new shellfish tv show about love , lust , youth culture and street life in china's city .	性天津是关于爱情、幸运、青年文化和街道生活的新型壳鱼电视节目 。
and then i heard the news on tv screen , the death roll is now 21 , 000 and over 100 , 000 injured .	然后我听到电视屏幕上的消息 , 死亡卷现在是21 , 000多人受伤 。
experimental results showed that eg inserted into the cellar char with a " worm " like structure after it was expanded .	实验结果表明 , 在扩展后 , eg插入细胞查询 , 与 " 蠕虫 " 类似的结构一样 。
insincere answer could be more natural just as the versatile golf player waves his arms at pleasure .	自从答案可以更自然 , 因为高尔夫球员在高尔夫球员高尔夫的手臂很高兴 。
other kinds of corn have less water and do not pop . when you heat a seed of corn , the water inside makes the corn explode .	其他种玉米有较少的水 , 没有pop 。 当你加热玉米时 , 内部的水使玉米爆炸 。
chemical in red wine , fruits and vegetables stops cancer , heart disease , depending on the dose	红酒、水果和蔬菜停止癌症、心脏病、依赖剂量的化学依赖剂量 。
i had never realized i could spend so much before i got going on this adventure , now i have to live on my credit card for a while .	我从来没有意识到我在这次冒险之前 , 现在我必须住在我的信用卡上一段时间 。
are the responsibilities of each committee clearly defined ? do these definitions meet the needs of the district ?	每个委员会的责任明确定义吗 ? 这些定义会满足区域的需求 ?
one application the researchers envision for the camera is flow cytometry , a technique used for blood analysis .	研究人员的一个应用程序是相机流细胞仪 , 一种用于血液分析的技术 。
he had promised , he said , to “maintain the confidence and preserve inviolate” the secrets of his client .	他承诺 , 他说 , " 为了保护自己的客户的秘密而保留信心和保护不可避免的 " 。
in the paper the structure of dnb was introduced , and the theory of negative high voltage power supply was stressed .	介绍了dnb的结构 , 提出了负高压供电理论 。
but how to standard conduct neuropsychological assess scale of pocd is no consensus currently .	但是如何标准进行神经病学评估范围的标准是目前没有共识的 。
every time i ask her for advice , she is always ready to help , and explains to my full satisfaction .	每次我要求她的建议 , 她总是准备好帮助 , 解释我的完整满意 。
this versatile dual scanner has two pairs of output lines which makes it suitable for a wide variety of uses .	这种版本双扫描仪具有两对输出线 , 使其适用于各种用途 。
if you treat bschool like an amazing educational experience , chances are you'll get a lot out of it .	如果你像一个令人惊讶的教育经验 , 那么你就会从它中获得很多机会 。
britain withdrew an invitation to the ambassador from syria over violence against protesters there .	英国向大使签署邀请 , 来自叙利亚暴力反对抗抗议者 。
i retorted angrily: “their vocal cord sounds as if it was kissed by god , without any hurt . ”	我愤怒地回忆道: " 第三音像是神吻的话 , 没有任何伤害 。 "
but subsequently they had quarrels and combats with the natives , of whom they killed a considerable number .	然而 , 随后他们有四分之一的关系和战斗 , 他们杀死了一个可考虑的数字 。
the research study was thoroughly developed in the guiyang senior high school and obtained the remarkable result .	本研究在贵阳高中得到了良好的研究 , 得到了显著的结果 。
he got petya transferred from obolensky's regiment to bezuhov's , which was in formation near moscow .	他从布洛伦斯基的政权转移到贝州霍夫的派遣 , 这是莫斯科附近形成的 。
strengthen intelligenceled operations , including the use of strategic undercover and covert operations .	加强智能化操作 , 包括战略底部和覆盖操作的使用 。
the second part is an introduction of the background of the english schoolbased curriculum development in our school .	第二部分是我校英语课程发展的背景 。
the dream is to be inmorpheuswhen , a few not by complete lowkey coriaceous cell group working place causes .	梦想是在无形态的情况下 , 几个不能完成低密钥的细胞组工作原因 。
the chinese premier also visited the luanda general hospital , a social welfare project funded by china .	中国总理还访问了洛丹达通用医院 , 中国的社会福利项目由中国资助的社会福利项目 。
another example is changing the location of a table space container , which can also be done using backup and restore .	另一个例子正在改变表空间容器的位置 , 它也可以使用后备和恢复来完成 。
he believed that , without causing damage to the mansion of business name brand , but will enhance their clout .	他相信 , 没有引起商业名牌的破坏 , 但将提高他们的衣服 。
mercator's world is a bimonthly magazine on the exploration , discovery , and mapping of earth and space .	梅卡特的世界是一个月刊的杂志 , 探索 , 发现 , 地球和空间映射 。
the euricase will run you $198 . 95 and transferring video and images is done by usb from your computer .	欧元酶将运行198.95美元 , 转换视频和图像来自电脑的usb 。
an investigation of foraminifera was conducted in the last glacial loess along the coast of the bohai sea .	在波海海岸的最后一次冰川损失调查中 , 进行了一项研究 。
tests are similar to recent actual gres in length , question types , and degree of difficulty .	测试与最近实际的粒度相似 , 问题类型和困难程度相似 。
the paper compares the economical efficiency of the vrv heat pump air condition system to the traditional heating systems .	比较了vrv热泵空调系统对传统加热系统的经济效率 。
the film is an american version of a two thousand eight french thriller called " pour elle . "	这部电影是一个美国版本的两千八个法国的thriller称为 " 波尔 " 。
20 the lampstands of pure gold with their lamps , to burn in front of the inner sanctuary as prescribed ;	20个灯光的灯光和灯光的灯光 , 燃烧在内部卫生室的前面 ;
there were many taoist sects in the t'ang dynasty , in which , the shangqing sect had the most important influence .	唐代有许多道教部门 , 上清区具有最大的影响力 。
the development of commodity economy has given birth to the popular of christmas and other foreignfestival .	商品经济的发展已经向圣诞节和其他外国节带来了生育 。
xu song in " a little knowledge of xinjiang " in the show every side of the ideological governance .	徐宋在《新疆小说》中 , 每一方面都有思想治理 。
the date of the first soaking rain in spring sowing period of liaoning province is of obvious inter decadal characteristics .	辽宁省春季排水期第一次排水雨日期是辽宁省春季排水期的特点 。
all ssaa inc . instructors have attained the certificate 4 in workplace training and assessment .	所有sac.指令员已经在工作场所培训和评估中获得证书4 。
" we could have given this money to the people in the camps in darfur , to the vaccine for aids , " ibrahim said .	伊布拉希姆说: " 我们可以把这笔钱送到达尔夫的营地 , 到疫苗 , 给疫苗 。 "
see , us thumbslummers and boxjumpers , we get a little puckish when it comes to cars , you know ?	看 , 美国拇指和拳击手 , 当我们来车时 , 我们得到了一点困难 , 你知道吗 ?
who can know that your eyelids have not been touched with lampblack ? for your eyes are darker than rainclouds .	谁能知道你的眼睑没有触摸到灯泡黑色的 ? 因为你的眼睛比雨云更黑 。
and in the middle , you have a large number of " maybes " who seem like they might just be able to contribute something .	在中间 , 你有很多 " 也许 " 的 " 可能性 " , 他们似乎只是能贡献一些东西 。
is a change in the database manager or database configuration the reason for a bottleneck , such as a sort overflow ?	数据库管理器或数据库配置原因是瓶颈的变化 , 例如一类超流 ?
objective: to investigate the risk of cerebral infarction of patients with type 2 diabetes and control methods .	目的:探讨2型糖尿病患者脑梗死的风险及控制方法 。
as soups in this cookbook are mildly nutritious , they are , therefore , suitable to be consumed all the year round .	因此 , 在这本烹饪书中 , 汤子的营养很小 , 因此 , 适合全年消费 。
resultsthe gestational age at delivery and birthweight were significantly smaller in severe group than that in mild one .	结果严重组中 , 出生体重和出生体重的妊娠年龄在严重组中显著较小 。
president bush has chosen a cubanborn business executive to be his new secretary of commerce .	布什总统选择了一家宝宝出生业务执行官 , 成为他的新商务部长 。
although it's bad that i couldn't have rice as my lunch , i could still get by with those noodles and dumplings .	虽然很糟糕的是 , 虽然我没有吃饭 , 但我仍然可以用这些鼻子和饺子来获得 。
last july , bpp was given degreeawarding powers , which meant it was allowed to call itself a university college .	去年7月 , bpp被授予学生的权力 , 这意味着它被允许叫做大学 。
i published my first chinese article in 1979 , but writing in earnest did not begin until the fall of 1983 .	我在1979年发表了我第一篇文章 , 但在1983年的秋天 , 最初写作 , 直到1983年 。
when you can take a step back and begin to understand why things are happening , you can look for the positive aftermath .	当你可以采取一个步骤 , 开始了解为什么事情发生 , 你可以寻找积极的后math 。
this means you have to fight if you want to stay skilled , and gives less incentive to rest while your fiefs give income .	这意味着 , 如果你想要保持技能 , 还要在你的财务给予收入时更少的激励 。
rose of silver up the home , but in order to travel , therefore with guodong no instant returned to jiaming ;	玫瑰的银色上升 , 但为了旅行 , 因此与郭东没有瞬间回到嘉明 ;
new standards in various industries , including healthcare , have prompted development of xmlenabled applications .	各种行业的新标准 , 包括健康保健 , 促进了xmlenabled应用的发展 。
if you've made a serious mistake , if you've hurted others or yourself , it's of no use to feel guilty .	如果你犯了严重错误 , 如果你受伤他人或自己 , 那就没有用来感觉罪 。
a host or service is determined to have stopped flapping when its percent state goes below a low flapping threshold .	主机或服务决定在低折叠阈值下 , 当它的百分之一的状态会停止停止 。
the variable coefficients , the solution itself and its normal flux may be discontinuous across the interface .	可变系数、解决方案本身及其正常流量可能不断跨接口 。
aim to investigate the in vitro and in vivo stability of 9nitrocamptothecin lactone form in rat plasma .	目的探讨大鼠血浆中9硝基霉素lact酮的体外体外稳定性及其活性 。
it should send parents — and pediatricians , educators and psychologists — looking for ways to help .	它应该发送父母 , 孩子 , 教育者和心理学家 , 寻求帮助方式 。
at the first outset , heavy , miry ground and a matted , marish vegetation , greatly delayed our progress ;	在第一次出口 , 重 , 军事地面和一匹匹配的马来蔬菜 , 大大延迟我们的进步 ;
dado: in classical architecture , the plain portion of the pedestal of a column , between the base and the cornice .	爸爸:在古典建筑中 , 平原的一部分 , 基地和玉米之间的平原部分 。
shahin was a mechanic , this was his workshop , and there was a tattered mattress inside a tiny room at the back .	沙林是一个机械 , 这是他的作品shop , 在后面有一个小的房间里有一个小型的事情 。
chang an received the news , not only did not escape , but wearing a suit , ready to rescue their parents .	改变一封新闻 , 不仅没有逃避 , 而且穿着适宜的衣服 , 准备好拯救他们的父母 。
he captures the shantytowns where a billion people live now , and where three billion are expected to be living by 2050 .	他现在捕获了数十亿人住在那里的山蒂镇 , 希望2050年住在那里 。
some counties in midwest america have declared a state of emergency due to rainstorms and tornadoes .	有些美国中西部的一些国家已经宣布 , 由于雨水和塔纳多州的紧急状态 。
gossip: spotted nate archibald learning you don't know a good thing till it's gone and found someone else .	高斯比:引用了natearchibald学习你不知道一个很好的事情 , 直到去找其他人 。
conclusion lidocaine combined with dexamethasone could prevent the phlebitis caused by doctaxol .	结论利多卡因与德克萨姆酮结合 , 可以防止由多克萨克醇引起的phlebiti 。
two people wake up , suddenly see jun with spring flowers and adopted by who came and said to search for bingyin .	两个人醒来 , 突然看到了春花的俊俊 , 被谁来到了 , 说为了寻找宾夕 。
she muttered nonsense , silent moon shed a soft light , projected on the ground out of a circle .	她突变了不敏感 , 沉默的月亮遮蔽了一个柔软的灯光 , 投影在地面上 。
leaders , distinguished guests , ladies and gentlemen , all the employees of jinghua , good afternoon !	领导人 , 尊敬客人 , 女士 , 温柔的女士 , 各位员工 , 下午好 !
the typical lijiang spruce forest is hardly to see in the lashihai region because of the human's impact on it .	由于人类对它的影响 , 辽江空间森林几乎不能看到拉希海地区的地区 。
in fact , burros in the wild are related to pack animals that ran away or were freed by gold miners and others .	事实上 , 野生的烧伤与包装动物 , 逃离或被黄金矿工和其他人免费的动物相关 。
archeologists surmise that the gardens were laid out atop a vaulted building , with provisions for raising water .	考古学家们猜测 , 园林被放置在屋顶上 , 为提高水的规定 。
will the arctic be a 21st century sarajevo , triggering a major war over energy resources ?	北极将是一个21世纪的萨拉杰夫 , 在能源资源上触发一个主要战争 ?
yueyue’s unexpected death has revived a fierce international debate over good samaritan laws .	ueyyyyueueueyyue的未期望死亡已经获得了一场激烈的国际争论 , 在良好的samaritan法律上获得了一场激烈的国际争论 。
the principle , manufacture and application of periodically poled lithium niobate are introduced in detail .	详细介绍了周期极锂酸锂的原理、制造及应用 。
overcome by grief and dementia , leoric had many of the townsfolk executed for the crime of high treason .	由于悲伤和痴呆症的克服 , 雷多利克对高原因犯罪执行了许多城镇 。
result the membrane filtration avoided interference of media by using isopropyl myristate as solvent .	结果采用异丙烯mristate作为溶剂 , 采用异丙烯mristate , 避免膜过滤的干扰 。
in1893 , at the age of 27 , he reports on an illumination method he has devised for photomicrography .	1893年 , 在27岁的时候 , 他报道了他为光学描述的照明方法 。
thereby the significance of these poems to her was made very clear , and readers may benefit from her experiences .	因此 , 她对这些诗歌的意义很清楚 , 读者可能会受益于她的经验 。
the making home affordable program aims to prevent up to 4 , 000 , 000foreclosureforeclosures .	制造家庭可承担的项目目目目的是防止40000000000个封闭保障措施 。
in fact , gaseous velocity and pressure in a cross section change in radial and circumferential direction .	事实上 , 在径向和循环方向中 , 气速和压力在交叉截面变化中 。
therefore , if you spend 2 hours in classroom training and evaluation , each student would earn 0 . 2 ceu .	因此 , 如果你在课堂培训和评估中花了2小时 , 每个学生都会赚0.2元 。
accurate dft studies of the static dipole polarizabilities of anthracene and phenanthrene were reported .	报道了安拉斯和苯乙烯静态极化性研究的准确研究 。
next he put eggs in a pan of water on the stove . eggsalad sandwiches were bear's favorite .	接下来 , 他把鸡蛋放在炉子上 , 鸡蛋沙狼是熊最喜欢的 。
the results show that the large margin is obtained in guangdong nuclear power plant with 18months fuel cycle .	结果表明 , 18个月的燃料周期 , 广东核电厂获得了大边缘 。
in laboratory tests , they found that a lectin called banlec was as potent as two current hiv drugs .	在实验室试验中 , 他们发现 , 一个叫做banlec作为两种艾滋病毒的柠檬素被称为banlec 。
the 400 im not only requires strength and speed in all four strokes , but also tremendous endurance .	这400个im不仅需要强度和速度在四个条纹中 , 而且还需要巨大的耐力 。
" when the exslave has fixed his thumbprint to this public document , " pandit says , " they can't go back .	" 当解释文件固定了他的拇指向公共文档的时候 , " 潘德特说 , " 他们不能回来 。
everybody can see that he is a class player . he is so different . i cannot find any other striker that looks like him or plays like him .	每个人都可以看到他是班球员 , 他是那么不同的 , 我不能找到其他的前锋 , 看起来像他一样玩 。
the researchers said their findings could also apply to those who claim they rely on a morning cup of tea to get their brains going。	研究人员表示 , 他们的发现也可以适用于那些声称他们依赖早上杯茶来获得他们的脑袋 。
" look no one's going to come and give you food or water , " said the man . " god will provide for me , " was the only answer .	" 看没有人会来 , 给你食物或水 , " 人说 , " 上帝会为我提供 , " 是唯一答案 。
overeating won't increase your depression , but gaining weight will . you need to fit into your job interview suit .	过度吃不会增加你的抑郁 , 但增加重量 , 你需要适合你的工作采访 。
after the iss got the internet , he started posting twitpics from space , earning a loyal following .	在互联网之后 , 他开始从空间发布twitpics , 获得忠诚的追随 。
ah mui also said , on the other day she just wanted to say what she thinks about the whole thing , without any intention to fight .	ahmui还说 , 另一天她只想说她对整个事情的想法 , 没有任何意图战斗 。
materials and methods: the model of transplanted tumor was made by vaccination of hepatoma h22 in the right axilla .	材料和方法:采用肝癌h222疫苗接种移植肿瘤模型进行移植性肿瘤模型 。
at least i got the senate to pass it late , so i could veto it after they went home and they couldn’t override it .	至少我得到参议院晚些时候 , 所以在他们回家之后我可以把它转到这里 , 他们不能覆盖它 。
in this paper , we determined and compared the strength limits of mandible , ilium , skull and rib .	本文对人体、ilium、skull和rib的强度限制进行了测定和比较 。
koth's species has been established as a zabrak , making him of the same alien species as the deadly darth maul .	科森的种类被建立为一个zabrak , 使他成为同样的孤独物种 , 作为死亡的黑色马尔 。
with the extensive use of the hv ic , the design of hlv compatible integrated circuits have become more and more important .	随着hvic的广泛应用 , hlv兼容电路的设计已经越来越重要 。
dam type power device: to be mainly fixed on the shore for providing electric power to factories , houses and others on shore .	大坝类型电力设备:主要固定在海岸上 , 为工厂提供电力、房屋和其他海岸供应 。
the 21yearold denmark international is widely regarded as one of the brightest defensive prospects in europe .	21岁的丹麦国际上被广泛认为是欧洲最亮的防御前景之一 。
the women , who were a median age of 35 years old at diagnosis , were observed for 17 , 408 personyears .	在诊断35岁的女性 , 被观察到17 , 408岁的女性 。
the midfielder's departure from bayern munich has already been confirmed and he will be leaving on a bosman transfer .	拜仁慕尼黑的中场离开已经证实了 , 他将会在老板转会上留下 。
fascinating creatures , phoenixes . they can carry immensely heavy loads . their tears have healing powers .	假设生物 , 凤凰 , 它们可以立即携带重荷载 , 泪水有愈合力 。
in such a case , the organization could use a simple progress checklist to exercise control over the mechanisms and initiatives .	在这样的情况下 , 组织可以使用一个简单的进步检查清单来实现机制和倡议控制 。
handcrafted in england of wood and fiberglass , the oval shaped interior measures just over 6 ft . in diameter .	在英格兰的木材和纤维玻璃手工 , 卵巢形状的内部措施只有6英尺左右 。
knowledge capital is the generic name of all invisible capitals in hospital at era of knowledgedriven economy .	知识资本是医院知识经济时代所有可见资本的通用名字 。
the royal melbourne philharmonic has many reasons to celebrate . and it shared the celebration with the audience .	皇家墨尔本哲学有很多理由庆祝庆祝 , 与观众共享庆祝庆祝活动 。
in the uae , shah rukh has endorsed du , the country's second telecom operator other than etisalat .	在美国 , 沙鲁克已经忍受了杜鹃 , 这个国家第二个电信运营商除埃伊萨拉特 。
the forwardosmosis membranes only release fresh water into the ocean , and don't permit salty water to contaminate the bags .	前瞻性膜只释放新鲜水进海洋 , 不允许盐水污染袋 。
we would have welcomed more help from our city council – that never ­happened , which is why we pursued kirkby .	我们欢迎来自我们的城市委员会的更多帮助 , 这从来没有发生 , 这就是为什么我们追求kirkby的原因 。
say you've got a limited wage budget and a maximum of 5k a week , yet the player you want is demanding 7k .	说你有限的工资预算和一个星期最大的5公斤 , 但是你想要的玩家7公斤 。
bloodsurge: now has a chance to trigger from any hit with heroic strike , bloodthirst , or whirlwind .	血液保险:现在有机会来自英雄袭击 , 血液三分之一 , 还有威尔文德 。
an efficient numerical method is proposed for calculation of the first crossing reliability of non stationary process linear combination .	提出了一种计算非静态过程线性结合的第一交叉可靠性的有效数值方法 。
as regard to marketing channels , the project shall adopt the authorized sales agent model to improve efficiency .	由于市场营销渠道 , 项目应采用授权的销售代理模型来提高效率 。
some farmers fear , however , that crosspollination could create lowerquality hybrid plants and lead to economic losses .	然而 , 一些农民担心 , 跨环境可以创造低质量混合植物 , 导致经济损失 。
the researchers learned that feathers of different shapes and sizes resulted in different frequencies with different harmonic structures .	研究人员学习不同的形状和尺寸 , 导致不同的谐波结构不同频率的羽毛 。
objective to study the effect of retrograde intramedullary nail for the supracondylar and intercondylar fracture of the distal femur .	目的探讨回顾性内膜内钉对离散胎骨折的影响 。
the tool is fitted with a progressive throttle action , which allows a low speed with a small throttle opening .	该工具配合一个进步的throtle行动 , 该工具允许一个低速的速度与一个小速度开放 。
the pid control adopted the location algorithm , and restricted the extent of control quantity and integral increase quantity .	pd控制采用位置算法 , 限制了控制量和整合量的范围 , 增加了数量 。
pseudophase liquid chromatographyfor the separation of ionizable and strong polar organic compounds was developed .	建立了可离子和强极有机化合物分离的伪相液相色谱法 。
mercure suzhou park hotel & suites is the ideal choice for your meeting or social occasion in suzhou .	苏州公园酒店和套房是苏州会议或社会场景的理想选择 。
the anatomic characteristics of the anterior communicating arterial fenestration were observed under the operating microscope .	运行微镜观察了前通信动脉通信的解剖特性 。
scissor cuts a flower to want to use sharp knife , need not shears , with early morning or dusk advisable .	斯科斯纳削减一朵花要用尖锐的刀 , 不需要剪切 , 早晨或杜克可建议 。
in procedure aspect , argumentation from coherence needs an equal debate and dialogue among judge , party and other attendee .	在程序方面 , 共同争论需要在法官、党和其他参与之间的相等辩论和对话 。
forget about spending christmas eve watching a movie alone or the holiday vacation reading a 1200page book .	忘记花费圣诞节的节日假期读一本1200页的书 。
terry lundgren is chief executive of macy's , the company that owns macy's and bloomingdales department store .	特里·lundgren是马西的首席执行官 , 该公司拥有马西和布洛明达尔部门的公司 。
very possibly , whatever surprises you will occur in a group situation like a class , conference , convention or meeting .	很可能 , 无论你会在一个类、会议、会议、会议或会议等方面都会出现什么令人惊讶 。
we generally trust our capacity to manage ourselves , but we do not trust the capacity of others to manage themselves .	我们通常相信我们的能力 , 管理自己 , 但我们不信任别人管理自己的能力 。
vietnamese deputy foreign minister pham binh minh calls the talks , which ended monday , productive .	越南副部长菲姆·宾恩赫称 , 本周一结束的会谈 , 这是生产力的 。
invoke loud you heart trouble ... follow the rhythm ... zedoary their hair together nerve ... !	呼唤大声你心中麻烦...随着节奏......动摇他们的头发一起... !
the key points of the operation and the stripping methods and effects of the defective chromium deposit were introduced .	介绍了运行的关键点及缺陷铬矿床的破坏方法及其破坏效果 。
if modulus matches the sign of the denominator , then the result of division truncates toward minus infinity .	如果模块匹配指定器的标志 , 那么分部的无限度就会导致分裂的结果 。
objective to study the effect of nasolacrimal duct reconstruction for refractory congenital dacryocystitis with ktp laser .	目的探讨鼻腔管重建术治疗ktp激光患者的临床疗效 。
you have a single messaging engine that gets created automatically when you add the cluster as a member of the si bus .	当您添加集群作为si总线的成员时 , 您有一个消息发动机 , 自动创建的单个消息引擎 。
a flat surface will block the wind flow and also create a dead water region to trap the bug before it is squashed .	平板表面将阻止风流 , 同时也会创造一个死水区 , 在它正方形成之前 , 陷入血流 。
the report finds the united states continued to be the main country of destination for asylum seekers of all nationalities in 2008 .	报告发现 , 美国继续成为2008年全国各地寻求亚亚洲国家的主要地区 。
any number of response text documents can have their rich or plain text body field appended to an email message .	任何多个响应文本文档都可以有他们的丰富或平原文本身份 , 适用于电子邮件消息 。
murrieta boasts an educated , highincome population comparable to communities in san diego and orange counties .	穆里埃拉拥有教育 , 高收入的人口比圣地哥和橙色国家的社区有更高的收入 。
the panel is a nonvoting one , but even fda advisory panels which don't vote are still reviewed by the agency .	帕纳尔是一个非投票 , 甚至fda咨询委员会甚至没有投票的不投票还被机构审查 。
under the market condition that has formed 10 years afore and experience , can more companies are joined , will build an industry chain .	在市场条件下 , 已经形成了10年 , 经验丰富 , 可以加入更多的公司 , 将建立一个行业链 。
" you need a cut to force the institution to make changes to the system , " says berkson , who coordinated the budget deliberations .	伯克逊说: " 你需要削减机构来制定改变系统的变化 。 " 伯克逊协调预算解决 。
journalists learned that the previous inspection , guicheng has ordered two " five noes " in the construction of the plant work .	记者学习了以前检查的记者 , 郭正已经订单了两条 " 五条鼻子 " 在工厂工作中 。
he's the author of perfumes: the guide , and the subject of chandler burr's 2003 book the emperor of scent .	他是《香水》的作者:指导 , 以及2003年查德勒·伯尔2003年的主题 。
aibullet television ltd is a integrated video production , market research , planning , design and delivery of integrated services company .	aibullet电视有限公司是一家集成的视频生产、市场研究、规划、设计和交付集成服务公司 。
to provide customers with high quality fashion products , and do a good job for every one thing ' is used to one style of qadir .	为了提供高品质的时尚产品的客户提供 , 为每一件事做好好工作 " 是用来一款qadir的风格 。
because of the common offset working mode of gpr , there are large amount of horizontal coherent noise in the gpr record .	由于gpr常见的离set工作模式 , 在gpr记录中有大量的水平相关噪声 。
what does the new science tell us about how corina's 28yearold brain produced corina's 28yearold mind ?	新科学告诉我们关于康奈纳的28岁的大脑是怎样产生的 ?
we went to the seaside , the same blue sea and sky , on the beach sundrenched , is piece very enjoy it .	我们走到海边 , 同样的蓝海和天空 , 在海滩上 , 很享受它 。
sagittarians are positive people ; they have a bright outlook on life , are enterprising , full of energy and vitality .	圣地利亚人是积极的人 , 他们对生活有着明亮的探索 , 是企业、充满能源和活力的企业 。
in general , wastes do not have or exhibit an intrinsic hazard of infectiousness , except in very specific cases .	一般来说 , 废物不存在或展示感染性的内在危害 , 除了非常具体的病例外 。
but nothing of the kind happens . instead , the arpeggios evolve through a succession of gently unexpected harmonies .	但是 , 没有什么事情 。 相反 , 阿拉伯格奥斯进化过一个轻松的和谐的成功 。
objective:to study the content of tyrosinase in the blood and hemorrheology in vitiligo animal pathological pattern .	目的:探讨乙型蛋白酶在视网膜动物病理模式中的血液和血液流变学中的含量 。
all jcss gases are assigned their values using gravimetric standard gases analyzed by the government agency .	所有jcss气体都分配了他们的价值 , 利用政府机构分析的重力标准气体 。
this step , however , is the one that has caused the most intense frustration in prebiotic chemistry research for the past several decades .	然而 , 这种步骤是过去几十年来最强烈的化学研究引起的一种 。
each contestant was given a towel to sit on and to cover themselves when naked , but only after they had stripped completely .	每个竞选人都被送给一个塔子坐在身上 , 覆盖自己的时候 , 只有在他们完全打破之后才能覆盖自己 。
it provides a single and complete view of customers , partners , products , and business through data warehouses or federation .	通过数据仓库或联邦 , 它提供了一个单一和完整的客户、合作伙伴、产品和业务 。
a company may sometimes resort to selling at a loss in order to force its rivals into bankruptcy , and then dominate the market .	一家公司可能会有时候要求销售亏损 , 以迫使其竞争对手变成破产 , 然后主导市场 。
normally when using git , you can assume that your repository is a little bit behind what is located on kernel . org .	通常当使用git时 , 您可以假设您的存储库是位于内核 。 org之后的一个小点 。
now our electricity , phone , insurance and cable bills are automatically withdrawn from our account each month .	现在我们的电力 , 电话 , 保险 , 电缆账户每个月都自动撤离 。
thus he tried to alter and abolish the unequal treaties , limited and cancelled western powers' privilege in china ;	因此 , 他试图改变和废除中国不平等的条约 , 限制和取消西方权力的特权 ;
if i focus the rays of sun with a burning glass , even in the coldest days of winter , i can kindle a fire with ease .	如果我专注太阳光 , 燃烧的玻璃 , 即使在冬天最寒冷的时候 , 我就可以轻松的燃烧 。
the government should take appropriate policies to assure these western enterprises' leading status in the technological innovation .	政府应当采取适当的政策来确保这些西方企业在技术创新领先地位 。
therefore , if god sees us through the eyes of his beloved son , then we ought to start seeing ourselves through jesus as well .	因此 , 如果上帝看到我们穿过他爱儿子的眼睛 , 那么我们也应该从耶稣看到自己 。
but to a broadminded one , difference means richness in colors and postures and diversity embodies unity and harmony .	但对于一个广泛的主导 , 不同意味着颜色和姿态的丰富度和多样性体现了统一和谐 。
creative industries and nonwoven bag close economic ties , its nonwoven bag huge impetus to the development of industry .	创造性工业和非wowowog包密切的经济关系 , 它的非wowog包对产业的发展起着巨大的影响 。
this paper generalizes the characteristics of studies of lu xu in china this year and reveals the treads of future studies .	本文总结了今年我国卢徐的研究特点 , 揭示了未来研究的趋势 。
the first rule of camping is to keep a clean camp site . you can't leave anything which bears might think is food .	营地的第一条规则是保持一个清洁的营地 , 你不能留下任何承担的东西 。
it makes it possible to reach oil deposits that can't be reached vertically like those under a town or a lake .	它使得在一个镇下或湖下的石油沉积物可能达到油沉积物 , 就像是不能垂直地达到的水平 。
it's the first time to report that network externalities is one of the import influence factor to imcl , and it's proved .	第一次报告网络外部性是imcl的重要因素之一 , 证明了网络外部性的影响因素 。
security was tight because of a new terrorist threat . streets were closed . police lined the sidewalks .	安全由于新恐怖分子威胁 , 街道被关闭 。 警察线路 。
'i think it's great to see a dynamic woman in politics , ' said ryoko okamoto , 34 , an interpreter .	" 我认为 , 在政治上看到一个动态女性 , " 34岁的解释家riokookookamoto说 。
air france industries will begin installing the enhancements at its le bourget airport facility near paris in 2012 .	法国航空工业将于2012年在巴黎附近的莱尔堡机场安装增强 。
the public media places " benshan culture " into a new circumstance , and provides the opportunity for its further development .	公共媒体地位 " 本山文化 " 成为一个新的环境 , 为其进一步发展提供了机会 。
because high us interest rates tend to cause the dollar to appreciate , they are likely to make an already large trade deficit larger .	由于美国利率往往会导致美元的欣赏 , 他们可能做出一个已经大型贸易赤字 。
the type of conduction had been widely used in electronic tubes of radio , television and many other modern devices .	电视、电视和许多其他现代设备都被广泛应用于电子管中 。
in the serene riverside town , the pace of life is entirely subject to the gentle flow of the tinkling streams .	在严肃的河边城镇中 , 生活的步骤完全受到潮流的温柔流动 。
in june , a group of suicide bombers and gunmen launched a deadly attack on the luxury intercontinental hotel .	六月份 , 一群自杀炸弹和枪手在奢华大陆酒店上发射了死亡的攻击 。
if the object were indeed a flying saucer , recovering it could potentially be worth millions or billions of dollars .	如果对象确实是一名飞行者 , 恢复它可能是值得数百万美元或数亿美元的 。
dna mobility is related to its charge and the average size of the fragment as it twists and tumbles through the gel .	dna移动性与其电荷相关 , 平均大小的分数随着它的扭转和弯曲的变化而增加 。
the contents of cichoric acid in introducing plant of echinacea purpurea in china were assayed by hplc .	采用hplc法对我国高原纯纯碱的磷酸含量进行了分析 。
mr . thomas is making a long distance call . please wait for a few minutes . would you like some coffee or tea ?	托马斯先生正在做一个长距离电话 , 请等几分钟 。 你喜欢咖啡或茶吗 ?
the two to three founders saying that each of them owns x amount of newco and assigning all of their ip related to this venture to newco .	两到三个创始人说 , 他们每个人都拥有x量的新co , 并且分配所有与新科相关的ip料 。
by appreciating and analyzing some compositions , we can rationally ponder upon chinese modern oil painting’s present situation .	通过评价和分析一些组成 , 我们可以合理地对中国现代油画现状进行理性的池塘分析 。
when general leclerc called them traitors and said: " how could you , the french , wear someone else's uniform ? "	当一般讲师叫他们的特点时 , 说: " 你怎么能 , 法国人 , 穿着别人的统一吗 ? "
research on the effect of laser igniting characteristics caused by doping graphite into b/kno3 with photoacoustic detection method .	研究了利用光学检测方法对b/kno3引起的激光特性的影响 。
the contribution of platelets to hyperacute rejection of both allografts and xenografts is well recognized .	识别了全移植和xen移植的超精度拒绝的贡献 。
in hong kong , it has only been recorded in sunset peak ; the locality is within country parks under protection .	在香港 , 只有在太阳峰记录 , 地方公园在保护下的国家公园内 。
children's songs play an important part in children's education not to be replaced by other forms of poetry .	孩子们的歌曲在孩子们的教育中扮演了重要部分 , 不要被其他形式的诗歌取代 。
what a vivid picture! just as the picture depicts, there are so many things or desires that the man has to bear or to seek .	一个生命的图片 ! 就像图片描述一样 , 有很多东西或希望男人必须承受或寻找的东西 。
the report also predicts that continuing instability in the middle east will probably keep pushing prices up into the spring .	报告还预测 , 中东继续持续不稳定性的报告可能会让价格推进春天 。
another factor intel mentioned: companies building out on the backend to take advantage of socalled cloud computing .	另一个因素是intel提到:公司在后端建立的公司 , 以便采取所谓云计算的优势 。
based on the analysis of the development trend of transportation statistics , this paper puts forward " transportation accounts " concept .	针对交通统计的发展趋势 , 提出 " 交通账户 " 概念 。
not only students but also teachers were inspired by the news that wang leqing was admitted to qinghua university .	不仅是学生 , 而且还是老师都被王莱庆承认到青华大学的新闻激励 。
this financial support allows the society to continue to grow its standards programs and fund future initiatives .	这个金融支持允许社会继续增长其标准项目和基金未来的倡议 。
damage model was built based on the rules of projectile dispersion and the principle of armourpiercing mechanics .	建立了基于投影分散规则的损害模型 , 建立了阿莫尔堡机械的原理 。
our " slot " system gives you several choices where to place decorative objects on surfaces , such as tables and dressers .	我们的 " 槽 " 系统给您几个选择 , 在表面上放置装饰对象 , 例如表和服装 。
the cradle towers of zhengzhou will comprise of five mixeduse towers swooping out of a ringshaped podium .	郑州的carle塔将由五个混合式塔从一个环形型的体育馆开放出 。
you may recall that back in 2006 in the great hall of the people , the beijing summit of the forum on chinaafrica cooperation was held .	您可能回忆到2006年 , 北京峰会在中国非合作论坛上举行 。
perhaps most importantly , visiting judges have the opportunity to speak oneonone with u . s . judges .	也许最重要的是 , 访问法官有机会与美国法官发言一个人 。
note the luteinized cells forming the inner cyst lining at the left with adjacent surrounding theca cells .	注意在左侧与周围周围周围的细胞形成内囊肿的细胞 。
blood viscosity , plasma viscosity , erythrocyte deformed index , fibrinogen and plt were decreased .	血粘度、血浆粘度、红细胞变形指数、纤维素和plt均降低 。
current coreos linux users can take advantage of a cloudnative platform to reach one of the world's largest markets .	目前的coreoslinux用户可以利用云平台来达到世界最大的市场之一 。
with the computer and the database technology applied in the clothing industry , clothing mtm developed rapidly .	随着计算机和数据库技术在服装行业中应用 , 服装mtm快速发展 。
the personal data collected will be treated as strictly confidential and will be used only for receipting and other communication with you .	个人数据收集的个人数据将被严格的信心处理 , 并且只用来接收和其他通信 。
each of the pen heads is separately matched with one of two caps . the liquid tube is arranged in the penstock .	每一个笔头都分别匹配两个帽子之一 , 液体管在penstock中安装 。
from the above it has been proved that the lifetable method is practical and efficient in forecasting the supply of the mch manpower .	从以上证明 , 可生命的方法是预测mch能源供应的实用和有效的 。
learn how to improvise when crocheting a scarf in this free crocheting lesson from an experienced crochet artist .	了解如何从经验丰富的巧克力艺术家的经验教训中提高学习如何改善学习如何 。
walmart also announced the resignation of clara wong , its senior vice president for human resources in china .	沃尔玛还宣布 , 中国人力资源的高级副总裁克拉拉-王辞职 。
due to its mild microclimate , graz is a city of lush parks with an almost mediterranean flair .	由于它的微气候变化 , 格雷兹是一座城市 , 几乎是中海风味的城市 。
you sneeze because you've got all these germs inside you and your body wants to get the germs out , so you sneeze .	因此你在你和你的身体里面有所有这些germs , 所以你会感到羞辱 , 所以你会感到羞辱 。
this is useful for adding extra information to portions within the block that are of interest , especially if the maps are shared between developers .	这对于增加额外的信息来说是有用的 , 特别是在开发人员之间共享地图 。
those colors should be incorporated into your website in some way , even if it’s just in the header image or as accent colors .	这些颜色应该在某些方面合并进入你的网站 , 即使它只是在头部图像或像奇异的颜色 。
another reality is that if the us is unable to expand its exports , pressure will grow to restrict its imports , instead .	另一个现实是 , 如果美国不能扩大出口 , 压力将会增加限制其进口 , 相反 。
for maximum safety , do not touch the product , test cables , or any other instruments while power is applied to the circuit under test .	对于最大安全 , 不要触摸产品 , 测试电缆 , 或任何其他仪器 , 电源在测试中被应用到电路 。
much of buffett's wisdom stems from this one investment trait: when you don't know what to do , don't do anything .	许多buffet的智慧从这项投资特性上干出来:当你不知道什么时候 , 不要做任何事情 。
i was also glad that roger and mother hadn’t let themselves get too hurt by whites bringing up roger’s drug problem .	我也很高兴 , 罗杰和母亲没有让自己太伤害 , 白人带来了罗杰的药物问题 。
the trick is to constantly selfevaluate and selfimprove by not just improving their productivity but also improving their ways of working .	试验是不断自我评价和自我提高他们的生产力 , 而且提高他们的工作方式 。
we certainly welcome oem items to meet the needs of different customer , and we guarantee our quality and punctuality .	我们肯定欢迎o项目满足不同客户的需求 , 保证我们的质量和惩罚 。
" tony is cheerful and friendly , " one report stated . " his detention in hospital is preventing deterioration of his condition . "	一份报告说: " 托尼是很高兴和友好的 , " 一份报告说 , 他在医院的拘留是预防他的状况 。 "
in 1954 , there were only a dozen armed robberies in london but , by the 1990s , there were more than a hundred times as many .	1954年 , 伦敦只有十几个武装机器 , 但到了1990年代 , 大约有百倍 。
" what they also did is showed me a picture of murmansk at the end of world war ii , and it was an aerial photograph , " he says .	他说: " 他们也在第二次世界大战结束的时候展示了我一张穆尔曼斯克的照片 , 这是一张航空照片 。 "
this did not occur in a control group of volunteers who were trained in the morning and retested in the evening , with no sleep in between .	这并没有发生在一个控制组志愿者早上训练的志愿者 , 晚上没有睡眠 , 晚上没有睡眠 。
exoffenders have gotten particular attention for their efforts to stop gang violence and work with troubled teenagers .	外国朋友们已经特别关注他们的努力 , 以阻止青少年的暴力和工作 。
it is better to distribute obfuscated version of your web content and to keep your original source code for yourself .	更好地分布您的web内容的分布版本 , 并保持您的原始源代码 。
the war in iraq , katrina , and the wall street collapse were the three nails in the coffin of the age of reagan .	伊拉克、卡特里纳和华尔街崩溃的战争是雷根时代的三条钉子 。
that won an immediate laugh from the cast and crew on the first take , but enthusiasm waned after the first few hearings .	这赢得了一位来自首次采取的笑容 , 然而在第一次听证之后 , 热情却在第一次听到了 。
rediscovered from the bottom of that dirtladen heap , it was able to see the light , still in good state . it was such a relief !	来自那个肮脏堆底部的重新发现 , 它能看到灯光 , 仍然处于良好的状态 , 它是这样的救灾 !
my father is center my mother is left forward my sister is right forward my wife is right guard and my brother is left forward .	我的父亲是我母亲离开的中心 , 我的姐姐向前是正确的 , 我的兄弟向前走 。
it is nice to look back and see what we have done together , aware that we are part of a story that is without equal and is ongoing .	很好的回顾 , 看看我们在一起做什么 , 意识到我们是一个不平等的故事 , 正在忘记的故事 。
angry with himself , obiwan piloted the speeder up the mountain toward dooku's villa at maximum speed .	随着自己的愤怒 , 奥巴万飞行速度飞往多乌的维拉最大速度 。
we are testing the contents of physical performance can achieve national norms , all the indicators this was our request .	我们正在测试物理性能的内容 , 可以实现国家规范 , 所有指标都是我们的要求 。
mebazaa has assembled an interim coalition government and claims that new elections will be held in the coming months .	梅巴萨已经组装了一个中间联盟政府 , 并声称新选举将在未来几个月举行 。
wartime commemorations come round so often that the 70th anniversary of the siege of leningrad may seem unremarkable .	战时纪念来了 , 所以经常 , 莱宁拉德的70周年纪念似乎没有明显的 。
count it , if you had above three among those , so congratulations you , you have already become lechery woman of one row .	国家 , 如果你在这三个方面拥有超过三个 , 所以祝贺你 , 你已经成为一行的学习女性 。
biemang , dug a fire burned the hell you are in an unenviable position , digging as soon as possible to add water .	双安 , 把火烧了你在一个不可避免的地方 , 很快就会加水 。
rockfall , a tiny community 20 miles south of hartford , is part of the town of middlefield , conn .	哈特福德南部的一个小社区20英里的哈特福德南部 , 是康奈德市中场的一部分 。
that will again be a friday but it will be at nine o'clock and he will be here so i think that will be a lot of fun also .	这将是星期五的一个星期五 , 但这将是九点钟 , 他会在这里 , 所以我认为这是很多乐趣 。
we're not sure of the unusual 'stone' finish in place of the usual wood grain , however this is purely subjective .	然而 , 我们并不确定 " 石 " 完成常规木粒的地方 , 但这是纯粹主观的 。
the retroactivity of construction of law refers to if the new construction of law can apply to the past event and behaviour .	法律建设的反应是指法律建设的新建设可以申请过去事件和行为 。
but if you slow down and think about your attention , you'll agree that answering email while browsing the web is impossible .	但是如果你慢下来思考你的注意力 , 你会同意在浏览网络时回答电子邮件 。
most of the protesters are said to be in the capital , mbabane , and are unable to get to manzini , a 45minute drive away .	大多数抗议者都被说是在首都mbane , mbane , 而且不能得到曼子尼 , 45分钟的驱动 。
evenings were spent at the theatre . this ballet told the story of the triumphant building of a hydroelectric dam .	晚上在剧院花了 , 这个球告诉了一个水电坝的游泳建筑的故事 。
i like to use this tactic in lowkey situations , like grocery stores , coffee shops , book stores , etc .	我喜欢在低键的情况下使用这种策略 , 比如杂货店、咖啡店、书店等 。
following a small shan told reporters that he is on time every morning get up at 5 , the first thing is to help mothers understand toilet .	随着一个小山告诉记者 , 他每天早上每天上5点时 , 第一件事就是帮助母亲理解厕所 。
for decades , who has had a strong presence in endemic countries , working shouldertoshoulder with local health officials .	几十年来 , 世卫组织在内部国家拥有强大的存在 , 与当地卫生官员工作肩膀 。
aduh: that movie cat in the hat even shows our legislators fighting on tv . sheesh ! what a loss of face .	阿杜:那部电影猫甚至在帽子上展示了我们的立法人在电视上战斗 。 谢什 ! 脸上有什么损失 。
there is a wide variation in the amount of these cnv deletions which people have in their genome , with some people having several million .	这些基因组中有很多变异 , 人们在基因组中有很多人 , 有几百万人 。
“with a low cost of living and big texascharm , bachelors are sure to find love in this city ! ” rent . com says .	" 一个低廉的生活成本和大型纺织品 , 巴克尔斯肯定要在这个城市找到爱情 ! " 租赁.com说 。
poweridea sparks believes openness is the single most important quality a resource integrator must have .	电力拓扑认为开放性是一个最重要的资源集成程序必须有的资源集成程序 。
fungizone intravenous in powder form should be stored in the refrigerator , protected against exposure to light .	粉末形式中的真菌性静脉应储存在冰箱里 , 保护防止曝光 。
the semifloating layered burner is provided with a wind blowing coal device and a coal granule screening device .	采用风吹煤设备和煤颗粒筛选装置 , 提供了半漂浮层燃烧炉 。
the fgets , fgetss , fread , fscanf , and fclose functions also return false on error .	fgets , fgets , 传播 , fscanf和flose函数也返回错误的错误 。
the camera includes a stereoscopic imaging part , a stereoscopic vision information processing part and a motor drive part .	摄像机包括一个稳定的视觉成像部分 , 一个稳定的视觉信息处理部分和动机驱动部分 。
metabolic flux analysis plays an important role in guiding the genetic manipulation in metabolic engineering .	代谢流体分析在指导代谢工程中起着重要作用 。
the kinds of approximations needed to , for example , simulate a firestorm , were in the past computationally intractable .	例如 , 在过去计算中 , 需要近似的情况下 , 模拟了火灾恢复 , 是可吸引的 。
displays a list of all of the names of columns in this database that have unique singlecolumn indexes .	在这个数据库中显示了所有列的名称列表 , 这些列表都有独特的单列索引 。
as we geophysicists all know , the definite difference method is a numerical method widely used in geophysics .	地球物理学家都知道 , 地质物理学是地球物理学中广泛应用的数值方法 。
new york new signs of surging corporate profits led to early gains in the stock market tuesday .	纽约纽约新迹象周二在股市上涨 , 导致企业利润早期上涨 。
to formulate work plans for dispatching representatives of state stock ownership to the state holding and jointstock corporations .	为了制定国有股权代表的工作计划 , 为了制定国有股权和联合股权公司的工作计划 。
conclusion:il 4 of tibet pig was successfully cloned from the lymphocyte after stimulating 70 h with cona .	结论:4例tbet猪成功从淋巴细胞刺激70h患者的淋巴细胞中克隆 。
the invention relates to a traction rectification reduction bed with a tiltable former section a tiltable latter section .	本发明涉及一种牵引修复床 , 带有可倾斜的前一段可倾斜的截面 。
other whole bovine skin leather , without hair on , of a unit surface area not exceeding 28 square feet	其他全肉皮肤皮革 , 没有毛发 , 单位表面区域不超过28平方英尺 。
memory is a runaway rivers , and we are waiting for the pewww . qq3721 . comople on both sides .	记忆是一个runaway河 , 我们正等待pew.qw.q3721.comople 。
many dance studios offer special firsttimer promotions that allow newbies to take classes for under $10 , sometimes for free .	许多舞蹈工作室提供特殊的第一次推广 , 允许新生在10美元下采取课程 , 有时候为免费 。
objective to assess the sensory recovery in denervated wound surface covered with thick spilt skin graft .	目的评价厚过滤皮移植的神经损伤表面的感官恢复情况 。
currently , the effective tax rate of mineral enterprises is lower 1526 percent than that of the nonmineral enterprises .	目前 , 矿业企业的有效税率低于非矿业企业的1526% 。
in most species of social insects , such as wasps , bees , and ants , the females rule . the females are the workers .	在大多数社会昆虫中 , 比如洗蜜蜂和蚂蚁 , 雌性规则 , 女性是工人 。
the characteristics of the short circuited fault in low voltage system are studied by means of simulation and experiment .	通过仿真和实验 , 研究了低压系统中短路故障的特点 。
after inserting the contact into the table , the database returned the value of the id column of the row just inserted .	在将接触插入表之后 , 数据库返回了行的id列值只插入的id列值 。
for example , french impressionism or german expressionism , each has its own unique creative ideas and techniques .	例如 , 法国印象主义或德国表达主义都有自己独特的创新思想和技术 。
it comes to a conclusion that the energy comsumption is decreased by applying mentioned methods in summer and winter .	结论夏季和冬季提到的方法 , 利用能源消耗降低 , 降低了能源消耗 。
conclusion no resistance to brodifacoum was tested in r . flavipectus . brodifacoum can be used for rats control .	结论r.flavictus检测无阻抗性 , 可用于大鼠控制 。
the meng age lady starts apt query a key question , " that he does this a batch of maneuvers do many and greatly ? "	孟加时代女士开始了apt查询一个关键问题 , " 他做了一批制造商做了很多和很大 ? "
sam 'spike' witwicky: gentlemen... let me introduce you to my friend: optimus prime !	萨姆 " 灵感 " 威特维基:绅士...让我向朋友介绍你 !
yuxian northerly location , the department of taihang mountain top , is a temperate continental climate .	元溪北部位于台山顶部 , 是一座温度大陆气候 。
only in exceptional circumstances dandy may allow client to revoke or amend the relevant instruction or order .	只有在例外的情况下 , 可以允许客户机重新启用或修改相关指令秩序 。
normal circumstances , and macular between the choroid , an extremely thin protection of the organization .	正常情况 , 胆固醇与宏观之间 , 极薄的保护组织 。
have a professional designer of a variety of design styles for you to create , with years of experience in the construction team .	拥有专业设计师 , 为您创建各种设计方式 , 拥有多年的建筑团队经验 。
but the real advantage to lambdas is when you create functions on the fly and no variable reference is required . for example	但是 , 对于拉伯达的真正优势是当你在飞行上创建函数时 , 没有变量参考 。
to find the people , old friends and relatives free search tool people , including 411 white " pages . "	为了找到人们 , 老朋友和亲戚的搜索工具人 , 包括41页 " 白色 " 页面 。
this design , a variant on the double armchair style and just as lightly padded , was shortlived in france .	这种设计 , 双臂椅风格的变化 , 就像轻型的一样 , 在法国短暂 。
if you benchpressed 100 pounds this week , for example , then next week you should try doing 105 pounds .	例如 , 如果你本周被压缩了100磅 , 那么下周你应该尝试105磅 。
well , the conception of the universe that was widespread among ancient peoples is one that you're probably familiar with .	嗯 , 宇宙的概念在古代人群中广泛传播的概念是你可能熟悉的 。
the discoloring process in normal pectin production can be left out . the products possess high yield and qualified quality .	产品具有较高的产量和质量化的质量 , 可以离开正常的pctin生产的分离过程 。
conclusion the key to improve the accuracy of atypical meningioma ct diagnosis is to locate the tumor .	结论提高原发性脑膜瘤ctct诊断精度的关键是定位肿瘤 。
the whole work will be completed within two years , drafts of almost all of the manuscripts being on hand and under revision now .	整个工作将在两年内完成 , 几乎所有的操作描述都在手上和修改下 。
the ekf algorithm is adopted to solve the nonlinear measurement function with radome slope interference .	采用ekf算法来解决雷达坡干扰的非线性测量函数 。
in india , it is the corporations that are building giant coalbased power plants which are major climate polluters .	印度是印度建造大型煤炭电厂的公司 , 主要是气候污染物 。
if you have covered induction at all and looked at meller's approach to induction i mentioned it last time very briefly .	如果你覆盖了诱导 , 查看meller的方法来诱导我最后一次很简单地提到它 。
an old farmer planted the seeds he bought from the market , autumn came and no harvest , for the seeds are fake .	一个老农民种植了他从市场买的种子 , 秋天来了 , 没有收获 , 因为种子是假的 。
the company’s overall gross profit margin grew to 36 . 3 percent , from 34 . 8 percent in the yearago quarter .	该公司总体收益率从今年季度的34.8%增长到36.3% , 增长率为36.3% 。
of 186 liver transplant patients receiving sirolimus , 4 developed pneumonitis that was attributed to the drug ;	186例肝移植患者接受irolimus , 4例发育的肺炎被归属于药物 ;
" being a parent means being mature enough to help a child adapt to disappointment , " achenbach says .	" 作为一个父母意味着成熟的手段 , 帮助孩子适应失望 , " achenbach说 。
the outbound event sends this metric value from the monitor model of the loan_completionone process to the highlevel monitor model .	外界事件从贷款完成one过程的监控模型发送这个met值 , 到高层监控模型 。
however , today than in the japanese rule of korea , its sinister means , what is more trivial difference .	然而 , 今天比日本的日本规则要多 , 它的坚持者意味着 , 更多的三次差异 。
memorial ceremony of qin is quite different from that of zhou and lu in sacrificial time , place , offerings , etc .	秦的纪念仪式与周和卢在圣地、地方、提供、供应等不同 。
we are even informed that cigarette smoking may gravely jeopardize not only the smokers , but also the nonsmokers .	我们甚至通知 , 烟雾吸烟可能严重嫉妒不仅吸烟者 , 而且吸烟者也是非吸烟者 。
objective: to summarize the clinical experience of professor shaonian fang in treating obstruction of qi in the chest .	目的:总结山南方教授临床经验 , 为了总结qi在胸部梗阻的临床经验 。
none of the surveyed materials were found to be suitable for use as impedance matched specular radar absorbers .	无论测试材料都没有发现适用于用于抗抗抗抗抗抗抗抗抗特殊雷达吸收器 。
electrophoretic coating process on the aluminium alloy support used for solar energy heat unit is introduced .	介绍了用于太阳能热单元的铝合金支持的电泳涂层工艺 。
of course , the sensory effects of coffee , and other warm beverages , like tea or cocoa , can lift your spirits .	当然 , 咖啡的感觉效果和其他温暖的饮料 , 比如茶或可可可乐 , 可以提升你的精神 。
objective to investigate the clinical and electrocardiographic character of idiopathic and secondary abnormal j wave .	目的探讨心肌病病和二次异常j波的临床和心电图特点 。
abstract: to study germination characteristics of mirabilis jalapa and althaea rosea by soaking their dormant seeds .	摘要:探讨米拉比利沙拉帕和阿尔莎·罗西的萌发特点 , 通过浸泡剂量的种子来研究其萌发特性 。
introduced the scope of application and structures of multiblade vertical cutting machine and bead insulating line .	介绍了多叶垂直切削机的应用范围及其结构范围 。
the cylindrical container has a wide mouth opening for easy filling and convenient access to the contents .	圆柱容器具有广阔的口袋 , 容易填充和方便的访问内容 。
rapid climate changes at millennial and centennial scales are one of the most important aspects in paleoclimate study .	千年和世纪范围快速气候变化是古气候学研究中最重要的方面之一 。
it is a common problem that the range of applying lien and interrogation is excessive broad in public security organs .	在公安机关中 , 应用程序的范围是公共安全机构中过多的广泛问题 。
in 2009 china ended a quarantine blockade around a remote northwestern town hit by pneumonic plague .	2009年 , 2009年 , 中国结束了一座遥远的西北地区的量子封锁 。
to address this issue , we have carried out a series of studies of tissue reconstitution by single hscs .	为了解决这一问题 , 我们已经通过单个hscs进行一系列组织重构研究 。
objective to investigate the etiologic factors of chronic prostatitis following sexually transmitted urethritis .	目的探讨慢性前列腺炎患者慢性前列腺炎的病理因素 。
as the eye health company , bausch &lomb dedicated to perfecting vision and enhancing life for consumers around the world .	作为眼睛健康公司 , 巴斯&lomb为世界各地消费者提供了完善的视觉和提高生活 。
help pharmaceutical enterprise customers solve problems , the pursuit of human health is our lofty ideal .	帮助药物企业客户解决问题 , 追求人类健康的追求是我们的理想 。
then a new method of block generalization based on street skeletonline and building skeletonline is put forward .	然后提出了基于街骨架线和建筑骨架线的一般化方法 。
at the other end of the spectrum is su ming , who comes from a family of farmers and studies at a university in beijing .	另一端是苏明 , 来自北京一所农民家庭和研究北京大学的农民 。
some big firms have begun employing westerners with long experience in the best american and european facilities .	一些大公司已经开始雇用西方人 , 在最好的美国和欧洲设施的经验 。
and we can see the truth of the world in our own experience to confirm for ourselves the truth which the buddha was teaching .	我们可以看到世界的真理 , 在我们自己的经验证实了佛教的真理 。
in order to realize the control arithmetic , this paper uses the plc , and designs the programs of both pid control and fuzzy control .	为了实现控制算法 , 本文采用plc , 设计了pd控制和模糊控制的程序 。
a few days’ break was declared for the religious holiday of eid aladha , beginning on november 17th .	几天的爆发被宣布为埃德阿拉哈宗教节日宣布 , 开始于17年11月17日 。
you can submit your own idea or comment on the list on our web site , theatlantic . com , or you can send us a letter .	你可以在我们的网站上提交自己的想法或评论自己的概念 , 或者你可以发送一封信 。
as these individuals grow more comfortable around each other , you will see more head tilt and therefore more exposure of the neck .	随着这些个体的增长 , 彼此更舒适 , 你会看到更多的头尖倾斜 , 因此更加暴露颈部 。
other fringe parties enjoyed a record surge in support as voters abandoned their traditional allegiances .	其他法国党在支持投票人的支持下享受了记录 , 因为投票人抛弃了传统的诉讼 。
conclusion the hyperbaric therapy for complication of carbon monoxide poisoning is high cure rate and low deformity rate .	结论碳单氧化碳中毒复杂的超基疗法是高治愈率和低变形率 。
as a player , denver nuggets coach george karl napped , a ritual he passed on to his team .	作为一名球员 , 丹佛nuggets教练乔治·卡尔被绑架 , 他在他的队伍上传递的仪式 。
while certain fish are loaded with omega3 and protein , they also contain some mercury , dioxins and pcbs .	虽然某些鱼被加入omega3和蛋白质 , 但它们还包含一些汞、二氧化物和pcbs 。
there is no estimating the pride i took in this grandeur , or the affection that began to swell and grow in me for those people .	没有估计我在这个孙子里采取的骄傲 , 或是对我来说的影响 , 开始向我增长 。
figure 1 shows an example of a checkstyle report generated with ant using the xslt task demonstrated in listing 1	图1显示了使用xslt任务在清单1中示出的xslt任务生成的检查样式报告的例子 。
a community of central new jersey , a suburb of new brunswick . population , 21 , 731 .	新泽西的一个社区 , 一个新的布鲁斯威克郊区 。 人口21 , 731 。
this method can overcome the limitation occurred by single evaluation method and meet the need of fine evaluation of acidizing effect .	本方法可通过单评价方法克服局限性 , 满足精确评价水泥效果的需求 。
the rising , warm air forms distinctive anvilshaped clouds , visible in both the satellite and model image .	上升 , 温暖空气形成明显的云 , 可见在卫星和模型图像中 。
a gadget differs from a bot in that it's a specialized miniapplication that helps you perform a focused task .	一个游戏不同于一个瓶子 , 它是一个专业化的小型版本 , 帮助您执行专注的任务 。
nearby muttrah has a charming mediterraneanstyle waterfront and a harbour now used mainly by cruise liners .	附近的突特特拉有一个令人迷惑的中海风格的水面 , 现在的哈尔伯现在主要是由粗鲁的狮子使用 。
to support this , three options of command vmdeploymgr . sh are provided which is the main application of the vdm .	为了支持这三种命令vmdeploymgr.sh的选项 , 提供了vdm的主要应用 。
although most securities are markedtomarket , this new gaap still allows securities to be carried at historical cost .	尽管大多数证券都是标记的市场 , 但这个新加坡仍然允许证券在历史成本上进行 。
if we want to make national public servants' property transparent we ought to establish and consummate the system .	如果我们想让国家公务员的性能透明 , 我们应该建立和消费系统 。
with the development of internet , more and more people start to use bbs forum over internet as their tool obtaining messages and communions .	随着互联网的发展 , 越来越多的人开始使用bbbs论坛作为他们的工具获得消息和沟通的工具 。
that woman's days were spent in ignorant good will , her nights in argument until her voice grew shrill .	那个女人的日子花在巨大的好意志上 , 她的夜晚在争论中 , 直到她的声音增长了虾 。
pedal down hill while you are at the front of a bunch . cyclists dislike having to ride constantly under brakes .	当你正处在一个小块前面的时候 , 周期上升不一样 , 在刹车下不断骑行 。
the bronx zoo is incredible , fantastic , very wellmaintained , sprawling zoo with so much to see and do .	bronxzo是不可思议的 , 幻想的 , 非常好的领域 , 把动物带到那么多的看法和做法 。
but why would one want to make crosstechnology mixed ui components anyway ? wayne explained some of the usecases	但是为什么一个想让交叉技术混合ui组件吗 ? 路恩解释了一些使用caes的用途 。
under this background , based on jw1h hospital information system , we designed and developed military hospital library management system .	在此背景下 , 基于jw1h医院信息系统 , 设计并开发了军事医院图书馆管理系统 。
both fra and nfma strengthen the ability of developing countries to manage their forestry information base for their own benefit .	fra和nfma加强了发展中国家的能力 , 以管理他们的森林信息基地 。
relatively smallscale chemical run off and contamination from us copper mines in colorado proved to be disastrous .	相对小规模化学运行 , 来自美国铜矿的污染证实是灾难性的 。
the patient and 41 other passengers on the flight am098 arrived in shanghai from mexico on thursday .	上周四 , 上海的墨西哥的其他乘客和其他41名乘客到达上海的乘客 。
the innermost zone effect must be taken into account if the required accuracy of tc is at a onemgal level .	如果需要精度的tc的需求准确度 , 必须采取最多的区域效应 。
a heavyduty , highbuild coal tar epoxy coating for the protection of steel and concrete in immersion service .	一种重型、高建煤炭氧化涂层 , 用于浸渍服务中钢和混凝土的保护 。
" culpa in contrahendo " in civil law system started in the transition from freedom capitalism to monopoly capitalism .	民法制度从自由资本主义转变到垄断资本主义的过渡开始 " 文化 " 。
any of these locations or styles worked fine users who needed to log in would find the way to do it without frustration or error .	任何这些位置或样式都在需要登录的细用户都可以找到不会破坏或错误的办法 。
the indexes have been examined , such as ratio of liver weight and body weight , tg , tc , hdlc and ldlc .	考察了肝重和体重、tg、tg、hdlc、ldc等指标 。
" this shows that our system integration and research and manufacturing capabilities have reached world standards , " said mr zhang .	" 这表明 , 我们的系统集成和研究和制造能力已达到世界标准 , " 张先生说 。
4then jesus asked them , " which is lawful on the sabbath: to do good or to do evil , to save life or to kill ? "	十四耶稣问他们 , " 哪里是法律的 , 要做好或做恶魔 , 拯救生命或杀死 ? "
the body of a 19yearold worker named ma xiangqian was found in front of his highrise dormitory at 4:30 a . m .	一名19岁的工人马湘乾的身体被发现在他的高层门前 , 4点30点30点左右 。
you may also recall that the media referred to this as a " nearsighted mr . magoo " and " trouble with hubble " .	你也许还会回忆到媒体称之为 " 近视的马戈先生 " 和 " 麻烦 " 。
but after he enrolled in the university of edinburgh , he proved more interested in natural history than medicine .	但是 , 在爱丁堡大学毕业后 , 他在自然历史上证明了更多的自然历史 。
q . my teenager is involved in so many activities: school , babysitting , church , sports .	问 。 我的青少年参与了如此多的活动:学校 , 婴儿坐 , 教堂 , 体育 。
and it came down to what somebody else said here: that left the election on the other dimension , which might have been character or whatever .	另外一个人在这里说的是什么 , 另一个维度上离开选举 , 可能是字符或是什么 。
the findings highlight the importance of refining our understanding of the relationship between weight , body fat and disease , says loos .	洛斯说 , 研究结果显示了解重量、身体脂肪和疾病之间的关系的重要性 。
friends lists: allow your users to maintain a list of their onsite friends , and see who others have added as friends .	朋友列表:允许您的用户保持他们的网站朋友列表 , 并且看看其他朋友添加了谁 。
politicians talk about wage equality , butmy father has made it a practice at his company throughout his entire career .	政治家们谈论工资平等 , 但我父亲在整个职业生涯中做了一个实践 。
in the history , there were such cruel beauty fashions too , such as the chinese threeinch golden lotus and the western corset .	在历史上 , 中国三英寸的黄金莲和西部角落也有这样的古典时尚 。
earlier this month , apple granted both vodafone group and telecom italia the right to sell the iphone in italy .	本月早些时候 , 苹果在意大利销售iphone 。
'the concept is to stock your pantry with things you can't get or that you miss from home , ' mr . lord says .	耶和华先生说: " 这个概念是用你不能得到的东西来存储你的裤子 , 或者你错过家里 。 "
i agree with victor fleischer's basic premise that carried interest is a fee for managing other people's money .	我同意维多·弗莱奇的基本前提 , 携带利益是管理其他人钱的费用 。
from a great deal of fogging experiment , getting that the directflash technique can satisfy the experiment .	从大量的雾实验来看 , 得到直接闪光技术能满足实验 。
there is 1500w separated wall type air condition set each in the two guest room , which can adjust the temperature .	两间客房间有1500w的隔壁式空调 , 可调整温度 。
an arresting image to draw the eye and cover lines that reward that curiosity by presenting an intriguing idea .	一个逮捕图像绘制眼睛和覆盖线 , 通过给出一个令人惊讶的想法 , 给出了一种令人惊讶的思想 。
my hands are small ; please don’t expect perfection whenever i make my bed , draw a picture or throw a ball .	我的手是小的 , 请不要期待我床的完美 , 画一张照片或扔球 。
over the last five years , the chronicle found , their median increase , adjusted for inflation , was 19 . 6 percent .	在过去五年里 , 慢性发现 , 他们的媒体增加 , 调整通货膨胀 , 达到19.6% 。
methods the telomerase activity of a 2780 cells was examined by modified trapelisa assay .	方法采用改良trapelisa检测2780细胞的结核酶活性 。
you don't need to make many choices , but if you are wondering what to do , consult the ocap ri project wiki page .	你不需要做许多选择 , 但是如果你想要做什么 , 咨询ocapri项目wki页面 。
as a freshman , i won't let you down and i believe that i will do my best to cooperate with this team well very soon .	作为一名新鲜人 , 我不会让你下来 , 我相信我将尽快与这个团队合作 。
emily dickinson lived with her unmarried sister lavinia in an elegant house called the homestead .	迪金森住在一个高雅的房子里 , 她的妹拉文尼亚住在她的妹拉文尼亚 。
then i stayed up the whole night , waving a hardboard to keep mosquitoes from approaching her just like a guard .	然后我站在整个晚上 , 挥着一台硬板来保持蚊子 , 就像一个卫兵一样 。
but when you start thinking about these issues in the context of what you're doing in the meditation , they make it even more stabilizing .	但是当你开始思考这些问题的时候 , 在你在冥想中做什么时候 , 他们甚至让它更加稳定 。
yet in practice , we see that government officials belong to the most criminal and " lawless " profession around .	然而在实践中 , 我们看到政府官员属于最为犯罪和 " 无法 " 的职业 。
secretary . we're out of time ! you have to give encer acce to the carrion device and have it extracted from the city !	秘书长 。 我们离开时间了 ! 你必须向车辆设备给予恩士加工 , 从城里提取它 !
to optimize the acoustics , we've built in a series of ports , each with its own unique purpose .	为了优化声学 , 我们在一系列港口建立了声学 , 每个港口都是独特的目的 。
in 1946 , anna met her future husband general claire chennault , who was a major war hero in china .	1946年 , 安娜遇见了她未来的丈夫陈娜尔特 , 他是中国主要战争英雄 。
it needs men who can be prompted without an aim except the aim to be on the move , to function , to go ahead .	除了移动的目标之外 , 它需要那些没有提升的人 , 除了移动的目标外 , 还要向前走 。
this actually i think derives from a greek word , " synkope , " synkope , synkope .	这实际上 , 我认为从希腊语言中发出来 , " synkope " , synkope , synkope , synkope 。
a further effect is the erosion of city revenues , as the propertyvalue base for such taxes continues to shrink .	进一步的影响是城市收入的侵蚀 , 因为这样的税收的财产价值基础继续缩短 。
now the m1 is maybe the best bike in motogp , yamaha have great riders , so it looks like they don’t need me any more .	现在m1可能是摩托加普最好的自行车 , 雅马哈有很大的骑手 , 所以看起来像他们不需要我一样 。
for all the joy he bring to my life , for every dream he make come true , for all the love i find in him , i will be forever thankful .	对于所有的快乐 , 他带来了我的生活 , 因为每一个梦想 , 他做真的 , 因为我在他身上找到的所有爱情 , 我永远感谢 。
the black ant gains years of working experiences , cooperate with s&w to design special and perfect business plan .	黑蚁获得了几年的工作经验 , 与标准合作 , 设计特色和完美的业务计划 。
considering the same characteristic of the large mechanism remote testing , this system can be used in other large mechanism testing process and find farranging application .	考虑大机械远程测试的相同特点 , 该系统可用于其他大型机械测试过程中应用 , 找到适用 。
one of the most popular recipe apps is epicurious with its 28 , 000 recipes from gourmet and bon appetit .	最受欢迎的接收应用程序之一 , 其中28 , 000个接收方式来自gourmet和bon访问 。
growth is slowing worldwide . it weakened from a year earlier in 19 of 26 countries that reported apriljune data .	四月份报告的4月数据 , 全球经济增长逐渐增长 , 由于19年前的26个国家减弱 。
traditionalists wring their hands about the " vaporization of value " and " demonetization " of entire industries .	传统主义者把手带到 " 价值 " 的变量和 " 货币化 " 的整个行业 。
and your cells making transfer rna , if they make a transfer rna molecule that has here , they only put leucine at the other end .	而且你的细胞使转移rna , 如果他们在这里做一个转移rna分子 , 他们只能在另一端放在leucine 。
relative water content , water saturation deficit , free water , bound water and cell sap concentration were all correlated with pf .	相对水含量、水饱和缺陷、自由水、边界水和细胞sap浓度与pf相关 。
the two major attacks , one in lahore and the other in quetta , killed more than 100 people and wounded hundreds of others .	这两个主要攻击 , 一个位于四角洲和其他地震中 , 死亡了100多人 , 伤害了数百人 。
it seems that there is no obvious law between the difference of flower colors and the content of total flavonoids .	似乎没有明显的法律 , 花色与总黄酮含量的差异与总黄酮含量之间没有明显的法律 。
in grand style , the 1996 annual report is made of textured coffeecolored paper created from espresso grounds .	1996年 , 1996年的年度报告制作了1996年来从埃斯普罗地面创造的咖啡彩色纸 。
way home i strode easy steps , wearing sandals , with my heart , " pops , " sings its song .	回家 , 我很容易的步骤 , 穿着沙拉 , 心里 , " 波普斯 " 唱它的歌曲 。
no , i won't be drinking tonight because i am the designated driver . just give my glass of wine to the designated drunk .	不 , 我今晚不会喝酒 , 因为我是指定的司机 , 只是给我的酒杯给我指定的醉酒 。
at last , the difficulties of research on ladderlike polysiloxane are mentioned , and the development prospect is looked forward .	最后 , 提出了类似聚硅烷的研究难点 , 并提出了发展前景 。
in this paper the fullscale test results of " the customs 301 boat " with or withoutflume tank and seas are presented .	本文介绍了 " 301船 " 的全尺度测试结果 , 或没有流体坦克和海洋的 " 海关 " 的全尺度测试结果 。
however , there are other volcanic sites , such as mt etna , and volcanoes in china , that may fit the researchers' model .	然而 , 还有其他火山网站 , 比如mtetna , 火山在中国 , 可能适合研究人员模型 。
pandu immediately sent out orders for the finest sapphires , rubies , and diamonds that could be had .	熊猫立即送出最好的萨普郡 , 橡胶和钻石 , 可以得到的钻石 。
make sure you do not get bogged down with pressure and are allowing yourself some recreational activities like movies and dating .	要确保你不会被压力下来 , 让自己在电影和舞蹈等一些娱乐活动下来 。
she says that among her circle of friends , work choices is the issue that is likeliest to tip their vote away from the government .	她说 , 在她的朋友圈中 , 工作选择是最可能从政府投票的问题 。
leaders of the two countries have reached consensus on adhering to the general direction of joint development and accelerating consultation .	两国领导人已经达成共识 , 坚持联合开发和加速咨询的总体方向 。
that's bad news for arjen robben and joe cole and i'm struggling to see how they will earn a regular place in the team .	这是阿森·罗本和乔·科尔的坏消息 , 我努力看看他们如何在团队获得正常的地方 。
in a home stay facility safely , water , enjoy pure water of the comfortable , afternoon 4 o 'clock because rain returns .	在家里保持设施安全 , 水 , 享受舒适的纯水 , 下午4点钟 , 因为雨回来 。
hence , yu yingshi's textual research on the purity of the ideal world in a dream of red mansions holds little water .	因此 , 玉英希的文本研究在一梦中 , 追求理想世界的纯粹性研究 , 保持着小水 。
this is achieved through the elimination , or masking , of both planned and unplanned downtime by eliminating single points of failure .	这是通过消除排除或制造的 , 通过消除单点失效的单点来实现的 。
right arm likelycontinuing recovery , as the left arms remains fixed while the left wrist flexesto initiate the pull .	右臂可能继续恢复 , 左臂仍然保持固定 , 而左手腕腕腕部启动脉冲 。
objective: to study the expression of angiotensin ii type 1 receptor in hyperoxia induced chronic lung diseased .	目的:探讨高氧诱导慢性肺病患者血管蛋白i型受体表达情况 。
contains response information returned as a result of a registration lookup table refresh operation on the peer resolver .	包含响应信息返回作为注册查找表的结果 , 同行解决方案的新操作结果 。
amendements any amendments to this contract shall be in the form of addendum in writing be signed by the buyer and the seller .	本合同的任何修订应当被买方和卖方签署的任何修订 。
high speed computing center in institute of space science provides high speed computing environment for students and faculty .	高速计算中心空间科学研究所提供了高速计算环境 , 为学生和教育提供了高速计算环境 。
after having obtained the degree of licenciéès sciences , i entered ourisson's laboratory in october of 1960 .	1960年10月 , 在获得许可科学程度之后 , 我进入了我们的实验室 。
gpo's catalog of us government publications — a searchable database of federal publications , with links to those available online .	gpo的目录是美国政府出版社的可搜索数据库 , 链接到这些网上 。
between 2006 and 2010 , the u . s . pto did not award a single patent to any chinabased units of five out of the 10 companies .	在2006年至2010年之间 , 美国照片并没有获得一项专利 , 到了10家公司的五家专利 。
although anticipates to make the direction , but zhao wei also stressed that the performance work delimits the rests by no means .	尽管预计制定方向 , 但赵伟也强调 , 表演工作限制了剩余的手段 。
second , hayek and robbins stress that the keynespigou skepticism about private frugality is shortsighted	第二 , 哈伊克和罗宾斯强调关于私人水果的关键性关键性的关键性 。
the spartans in ancient greece were a nation that paid the greatest attention to eugenics and exercised important influences .	古希腊的西班牙人是一项关注欧盟和运动的重要影响的国家 。
constrained by its size , the virus uses overlapping shifted reading frames to generate the full complement of proteins .	由其大小约束 , 病毒使用重叠移植阅读框架来生成蛋白的完整补充 。
the second dimension is that you need much more fiscal stimulus — in the countries that can afford it — that is frontloaded .	第二维是 , 您需要更多的财政刺激 , 在这个国家可以保证它的国家 , 这是前载的 。
clean and exfoliate your face by washing it with lemon juice . you can also dab lemon juice on blackheads to draw them out during the day .	用柠檬汁洗净净净净净净净净净净净化你的脸 , 你也可以在黑头上洗出来的时候 , 把它们抽出来 。
objective: to modify and develop the syndrome differentiation of threeyang and threeyin discussed in the classic of treatise on febrile disease .	目的:探讨三阳三阴的综合分化及三阴影治疗胎儿疾病的经典性鉴别 。
not in indoor optional piled up some flammable and explosive substances , indoor to absolute forbid fireworks .	室内选项不能把一些可燃性和爆炸性物质放在室内 , 室内不能避免燃烧的工具 。
extends capabilities to automatically locate all databases , in both production and test environments , for monitoring and protection .	在生产和测试环境中 , 自动定位所有数据库的能力 , 在生产和测试环境中 , 为监控和保护 。
domestically , our customers include bao steel , handan steel , anyang steel , jiugang group , and other large iron and steel groups .	国内外 , 我们的客户包括宝钢、手钢、ang钢、ang钢等大型铁集团 。
the u . s . secret service estimates that some $1 billion of counterfeit u . s . dollars are printed every year .	美国秘书服务估计 , 每年印刷1亿美元的反美元 。
teacher's professional ethics in tao xingzhi's thought derived from two aspects: history and practice .	道兴志教师的专业道德 , 从历史和实践两个方面出发 , 教师的专业道德 。
in this paper , selforganize competition neural network is applied in the parameters' identification of asynchronous motor .	本文应用自组织竞争神经网络在异步电机参数识别参数中应用 。
objective to establish a hplc method for the simultaneous assaying of compound ofloxacin and ketotifen nasal sprays .	目的建立hplc方法 , 为同时评价葡萄糖和凯特芬鼻喷雾的复合评价方法 。
it’s possible the u . s . defense establishment knew that china had cracked the f117’s secrets .	这可能是美国国防部建立的可能 , 知道中国已经破坏了f17的秘密 。
according to a recent survey , about 78 . 9% of the college students want to further their study after their graduation .	根据最近一项调查 , 大约78.9%的大学生希望在毕业后进一步研究 。
there's a ghost often described as harassment of human evil , was on behalf of justice for the eradication of momotaro .	有一个鬼经常被描述为人类邪恶的骚扰 , 是莫塔罗的一半正义行为 。
the high aperture ratio is achieved by overlapping ito pixel electrode and bus line using a photo_sensitive polymer .	利用光敏聚合物 , 实现了高温比 , 利用光敏聚合物重叠迭代pixel电极和总线线 。
and the financial situation for graduates was especially bad , with half saying they had so much student debt they could not save .	毕业生的金融状况尤其糟糕 , 半数人说他们有这样多的学生债务 , 他们不能拯救 。
among his hit series , charlie's angels , love boat , dynasty , beverly hills 90210 and melrose place .	其中 , 查理的天使 , 爱船 , 王朝 , 永远希望90210和梅洛塞地方 。
the joint un programme on hiv/aids has set up a commission to study the disease and its impacts on development in asia and the pacific .	联合国艾滋病/艾滋病项目已经建立了一项委员会 , 研究亚洲和太平洋的疾病及其对发展的影响 。
as rosenblatt notes , criticism of black writing has often served as a pretext for expounding on black history .	作为罗森布莱特笔记 , 黑写作的批评经常被作为黑色史上暴露的前提 。
you should be reminded that you will be disqualified to attend any revelant events about this conference unless you give correct and complete information .	你应该提醒 , 除非你给予正确和完整的信息 , 否则你将会议出席任何关于这次会议的展示事件 。
its bold engineer , thomas senkel , took the machine on its first manned flight this week lasting 1 minute 30 seconds .	这个星期 , 托马斯·塞克尔 , 本周第一次机器上飞行 , 这个星期持续1分钟 。
in view of my shallow knowledge , the lack of practical experience , the text of the error in the hope that readers criticized .	在我深浅的知识中 , 缺乏实际经验 , 希望读者批评的错误文本 。
at this moment , for me , the heart of earth is this sleepless spring night , greeting this early morning in tranquil meditation .	这一刻 , 对于我来说 , 地球的心脏是这个无睡的春夜 , 今天早晨在悲惨的冥想中希望 。
“migrants shouldn’t be treated so cruelly , ” says a despairing parent . “they are so prejudiced towards us . ”	" 移民不应该那么粗鲁地处理 , " 一位绝望的父母说 , " 他们对我们来说是如此预测的 。 "
the museum showcases animated characters from the studio's catalog of films and has a handson exhibit of an animation studio .	博物馆展示了来自studio的电影目录的动画特征 , 展示了动画摄影室的手机展览 。
join the flames together about a third of the way or midway from the base of the fire and have the flames separated going up from that point .	加入火灾基地的三分之一的火焰 , 将火焰分开 , 火焰分离出来 。
night , quietly into the west , overlooking the earth 's subtle or , how many shadow hovers in the imagination of the edge ?	夜晚 , 静静地进入西方 , 忽视地球的细微或是 , 在边缘的想象中有多少阴影霍尔 ?
when she whipped her silver mare on her right flank the mare went left , for a horse's first instinct is to flee from danger .	当她在她右边的银牌上打了她的银牌时 , 马的第一个直觉是从危险中逃脱 。
the results show that transverse rolling sheet could create comparatively perfect structure due to the occurrence of secondary recrystallization .	结果表明 , 由于二次结晶的发生 , 由于二次结晶的发生 , 转换辊表可以产生比较完美的结构 。
rfx and dfx move data between the current record of the data source and the field data members of a recordset object .	rfx和dfx移动数据源的目前记录和数据源的字段数据成员之间的数据 。
coordinating the balance of nitrogen supplicattion and nitrogen requirement by fertilizing made the rice yield stable and high .	结合氮供应和氮要求的平衡 , 使水稻产量稳定、高 。
furthermore each post with a new queen bee who led the subbed , then , look at the number inside the nest almost no honey .	另外 , 每个职位都有一个新女王蜜蜂 , 然后 , 看看颈部几乎没有蜂蜜的数字 。
if johnson left camp with his crew to rebuild a road or a blownout bridge , gilbert waited for his return .	如果约翰逊离开营 , 他的船员重建一条路或一条不断的桥梁 , 吉尔伯特等待回来 。
it has been proved that the adopted diversity heat treatment is a new method of realizing different property on relevant rotor forgings locations .	结果表明 , 采用多样性热处理方法是实现相关转子锻造位置不同性能的新方法 。
product description: 1 ) novel appearance , beautiful printing and attractive color can upgrade the package of the drug ;	产品描述:1 ) 小说出现 , 美丽的印刷和吸引力颜色可以升级药物包装 ;
since then , fathers had been honored and recognized by their families throughout the country on the third sunday in june .	自从那以来 , 父亲在六月三日在全国的第三个星期日被家庭认可 。
why do so many of us plonk ourselves down in front of the telly with a microwave meal after a tiring day ? because it's convenient ?	为什么我们多少人都把自己放在telly前面 , 用微波饭后一天吃饭呢 ? 因为它很方便吗 ?
since json is just plain text with a simple bracketed structure , many channels can exchange a json message .	由于json只是简单的包装结构 , 许多渠道可以交换json消息 。
drivers and attendants of emergency vehicles , unable to abandon their posts , died where they had stopped to give aid and assistance .	驾驶员和参加紧急车辆的员工 , 不能放弃他们的职位 , 死在那里他们停止给援助和援助 。
kevin rudd made a pact with the voters of australia last night to step forward with them and forge a new future for the nation .	凯文·鲁德昨晚与澳大利亚选民一起做了一张电影 , 向他们走向前进 , 忘记了澳大利亚的新未来 。
this article studies the reactionmechanism of oligomerization of butadiene and the situation of reaction product utilization .	本文研究了丁基苯的反应机制及反应产品利用现状 。
once you start to look really closely , our wild flowers are as intimately beautiful as anything we cultivate in a garden .	一旦你开始看起来真密 , 我们的野生花就像花园里的任何东西一样美丽 。
this wellpreserved painting is among thousands that were discovered on a 2008 expedition to document rock art in australia .	这幅著名的绘画是2008年澳大利亚文献岩石艺术研究的成千上万之一 。
life time is short...everyone has the right to enjoy life , to enjoy beatiful things , including this little gift .	生命时间短...每个人享受生命的权利 , 享受美好的东西 , 包括这个小礼物 。
the effective up papaya soup red wine , red wine , the official website of papaya soup , wine , papaya soup with effect ?	有效提高薪水汤红葡萄酒 , 红酒 , 官方网站支付汤 , 酒 , 薪水汤 ?
the results showed that the age of shaoxing ducks and dietary cp level significantly affected the cp retention ratio .	结果表明 , 绍兴鸭年龄及饮食cp水平明显影响了cp保留率 。
the new collections of custom furs around town reveal plenty of folderol , but there are practical things too .	城镇附近的新集合海关揭示了许多文件夹ol , 但也有实际的事情 。
china international pro audio , light , music & technology exhibition undertaken by ceta is held each year from may to june .	中国国际音频 , 光明 , 音乐技术展览会每年五月至六月举行 。
therefore , it can be deduced that the doping level of the pani film increases with film thickness during film growing process .	因此 , 在电影生长过程中 , 可导致帕尼电影的dping水平增加 , 提高膜厚度 。
the imt of carotid artery and the area of carotid atherosclerosis plaque significantly reduced compared with control group .	与对照组相比 , 颈动脉的动脉和颈动脉的区域显著降低 。
this paper summaries the structure of vsam file , and the data space , catalog , protection of data and functions of vsam .	本文总结了vsam文件的结构 , 以及数据空间、目录、数据保护、vsam功能的数据和功能 。
methods 358 lesions of 79 stable vitiligo patients were treated 10 to 30 times with 308 nm excimer laser .	方法对358例慢性病灶79例稳定性粘膜病人进行治疗 , 308例nm激光器30倍 。
relevent suggestions for smooth progress of the 2nd generation peasant workers " citizenization are rasied in the last part . "	针对二代农工人平滑进展的相关建议 , 提出了在最后一部分的公民化建议 。
those who preferred agency service enjoyed the agencies in shorter distance , lower cost and managed or supervised by the government .	那些最喜欢的机构服务 , 享受较短的距离、成本低、管理或监督的机构 。
the authors then assess their influence on physical and mechanical properties of rock in the three gorges reservoir area .	然后对三峡储层岩体力学性能的影响进行了评价 。
if the machine where these servers are deployed is close to the minimum disk or ram requirements , then they should be reconfigured .	如果这些服务器部署的机器附近最小磁盘或ram需求 , 那么应该重新配置 。
methods patients were divided into different groups , then all patients underwent renal color doppler energy imaging examinations .	方法将患者分为不同群体 , 随后所有患者都在肾色多普勒能量成像检查 。
li glass in no mood to li junkai smile , always wipe out drunk that night with liu qian hui sex scenes .	李玻璃没有情绪到李俊卡妮笑容 , 总是把酒吹出来 , 晚上与刘启慧的性感场景 。
on the other hand , discontinuing effective antidepressant medication during pregnancy entails a 60% or more risk of relapse .	另一方面 , 怀孕期间隔离有效的抗抑郁药物 , 含有60%或多种反应风险 。
results in animal study , lumbricus could inhibit the growth of staphylococci , bacillus coli and bacillus aeruginosus .	结果动物研究中 , 肺动物能抑制葡萄球菌的生长 , 巴氏菌和巴氏菌的生长 。
when there are buildings , they're usually poor structures of mud or adobe that don't survive the rainy season .	当有建筑时 , 他们通常是贫穷的泥土或adobe的结构 , 不会生存雨季 。
i think this could be a significant turning point . i think the economic crisis has shown up the weakness of uncontrolled immigration .	我认为这可能是一个重要的转折点 , 我认为经济危机已经显示了不控制移民的弱点 。
and a universal cpldbased controller for twoamplitude actively clamped resonant dclink inverter is proposed too .	提出了一种基于cpld的基于通用的基于cpld的基于控制器 。
a criminal complaint charges mooresaia with stealing substantial funds from wells fargo during her time as a bank employee .	作为银行员工 , 一名犯罪抱怨摩洛萨州的犯罪诉讼 , 在法拉哥的时候 , 她的实质基金来自法拉哥 。
other civil servants shall normally participate in the offthejob training for not less than 12 days accumulatively every year .	其他民事服务人员通常会参与下肢训练 , 不要每年积累12天 。
the catalytic activated carbon deodorizing device was used for purifying odorous gases in sewage pumping station .	采用催化活性炭脱臭装置 , 用于净化污水泵站的臭气净化 。
the geonames geographical database is available for download free of charge under a creative commons attribution license .	geonames地理数据库可在创建性共同属性许可证下载免费负荷下载的地理数据库 。
mistletoe also known throughout history as the golden bough has several different legends associated with its beginning and its meaning .	米斯托利还被称为 " 黄金购物 " 的历史 , 与其开始和 " 意义相关的传说有几种不同的传奇 。
a particle swarm optimization algorithm for low voltage apparatus blanking part layout optimization was presented .	提出了一种低电压装置空白部分布局优化算法 。
that doesn't sound right . ' and finally the va told me that i was suffering from ptsd — posttraumatic stress disorder .	这并不正确 。 " 最后 , 瓦斯告诉我 , 我受到ptsd的影响 , 后应激障碍 。
in the temple courts he found men selling cattle , sheep and doves , and others sitting at tables exchanging money .	在寺院里 , 他发现男人卖牛、羊和驴子 , 其他人坐在桌子交换钱 。
the vbelt equivalent coefficient of friction indicates that the bearing capacity of vbelt is higher than that of flat belt .	摩擦的vbelt等效系数表明 , vbelt承载能力高于平面带 。
children usually have night terrors at the same time each night , generally sometime in the first few hours after falling asleep .	孩子们每晚都有夜间恐怖 , 一般有时候在睡眠的几个小时之后 , 一般有时候在第一个小时内 。
the incremental cost per lifeyear saved was calculated for all eligible individuals and for highrisk individuals .	计算每年每年的每年的增加成本 , 为各个人和高风险个人提供了计算 。
others may use the guibased administration tool provided by the container to modify the container based on a specific environment .	其他人可以使用基于gui的管理工具来修改集装箱的基于特定环境的容器 。
licorice is a nourishing herbal medicine . the indication of licorice is expelling phlegm and arresting coughing .	许可是一种保护草药 , 许可证药物的表现正在推迟phlegm和逮捕咳嗽 。
liren rpo consultant process outsourcing service provides part or overall specialized various services to customers during the recruitment .	lrenrpo咨询程序外包服务提供了部分或整体化的服务 , 在招聘期间 , 为客户提供各种服务 。
for the past fifty or a hundred years , transferred nationalism has been a common phenomenon among literary intellectuals .	过去五十年或一百年来 , 民族主义已成为文学知识分子的常见现象 。
butyraldehyde glycol acetal was synthesized from butyraldehyde and glycol by using iodine as catalyst .	采用碘作为催化剂 , 合成了黄油脱氢和甘蔗醇 。
this paper surveys interface automata , timed interface automata , resource interface and gamebased idea in them .	本文对接口自动化、时间接口自动化、资源接口和游戏基于游戏的思想进行了研究 。
traumatic events , such as the 9/11 terrorist attacks , also tend to become seared in children's memories .	比如9/11恐怖分子攻击等伤害事件 , 也往往会在孩子的记忆中搜索 。
therefore , the initiation of semiotic study of the stars is of multidimensionally academic and practical significance .	因此 , 星球半学研究的启动是多维学术和实际意义的重要性 。
students's good or bad will character plays a significant role in achieving teaching objects and teaching task .	学生的良好或坏特点将在实现教学对象和教学任务方面发挥重要作用 。
that would undo years of reforms introduced by the liberal democrats to resuscitate japan's longstagnant economy .	这将不能多年的改革引入自由民主党的改革 , 以恢复日本长期经济 。
the advanced liquid nitrogen truck in the world has been applicated in oilgas production and has got good effect , which was imported in 1994 .	世界上先进的液氮卡车已在石油生产中应用 , 获得了良好的效果 , 1994年进口 。
sure my strange addiction features people who dress like babies , collect dead things , and compulsively bathe in bleach .	确保我奇怪的添加特点是那些穿像婴儿 , 收集死亡的东西 , 并且在漂亮的洗澡 。
fdf president ross warburton said the ambition plan showed that members were taking a leading role in developing sustainable food production .	fdf总统罗斯沃伯顿说 , 墓地计划显示 , 成员正在开发可持续食品生产的领导作用 。
rover had saved evazan again , by surrounding the doctor with his gelatinous form and dropping from the castle wall .	路透再次拯救埃瓦桑 , 周围的医生和他的吉拉丁形态和从城堡墙下降 。
now let us also retrieve whatever portions of our grid work is our own from others , taking energy only and reweaving the holes and gaps therein .	现在 , 让我们还检索我们的网格工作的部分是我们自己的 , 只有能量和恢复洞内的空间 。
for someone who once subsisted on cookies and soda , the road to a wholegrain , occasionally vegetarian life began with this staple .	对于那些曾经坚持在烹饪和soda的人来说 , 路到一整粒 , 偶尔是蔬菜生命开始 。
finally , the " interface effect " and the occurrence of polycrystalline during the vgfgaas crystal growth were discussed .	最后 , 讨论了vgfgfagas晶体生长过程中 " 接口效应 " 及聚晶的发生情况 。
they often retain their telephone numbers , including the area code , when they move from state to state , so it is hard to know where they are .	他们经常保留他们的电话号码 , 包括区域代码 , 当他们从州移动时 , 所以很难知道他们在哪里 。
methods 11 cases in exacerbation stage were chosen to study . swan ganz catheterization were taken for hemodynamic monitoring .	方法选择11例锻炼阶段 , 采用大扫描甘肃铸造方法对血动力学监测进行研究 。
the aim of this thesis was to make some helpful research in this region though the research mode which was built in the thesis was still insufficient .	本文的目的是 , 尽管在本地区建立的研究模式仍然不足 。
business first , pleasure afterward , as king richard said when he stabbed the other king in the tower , before he smothered the babies .	商业首先 , 高兴后 , 正如王理查德说 , 当他站在塔里的另一个王时 , 他就吸烟了婴儿 。
porous silicon and its preparation technology have been used broadly in the fields of microsensors because of its special p...	多孔硅及其制备技术在微传感器领域广泛应用于微传感器领域 。
it looks as if that safety device is gone in this campaign and nothing will protect them from the hurt of failure at liverpool this evening .	看起来如果安全装置在这次活动中走 , 没有什么东西会保护他们在今天晚上利物浦失败 。
these images are from messenger , a nasa discovery mission to conduct the first orbital study of the innermost planet , mercury .	这些图像来自mesenger , 一个nasa发现任务 , 以实现最内部行星的第一个轨道研究 。
my former teacher told me that as an english major i should read major barbara , one of the major plays by g . b . shaw .	我的前老师告诉我 , 作为英语主要的课程 , 我应该读大巴拉 , 其中一个主要课题之一 。
jerome sans , curator of the exhibit , says liu's work shows one reality of a modernizing china the people who are left behind .	刘的作品显示 , 中国现代化的中国人留下了现代化的中国人民 。
with the three treasures he winged his way back to heaven . when he got outside the pearly gates , he decided to examine his mementos .	随着三棵宝宝 , 他将他的路回到天堂 。 当他在珍珠门外 , 他决定检查他的纪念品 。
they may touch cheeks , lips , chests , legs , and feel their partner’s hand along their back , thighs , or stomach .	他们可能触摸脸颊 , 嘴唇 , 胸部 , 腿 , 腿部 , 感觉合作伙伴的手沿背 , 大腿或胃部 。
the regional climate response to land use and land cover changes of arid region in china is studied by a regional climate model .	利用区域气候模型 , 研究了我国土地利用和土地覆盖变化的区域气候响应 。
se plays its biofunction through selenoprotein , of which selenoprotein p is a special isoform with 10 se cysteines .	其中 , 选择蛋白p是一种特殊的同位素 , 具有10secysteines 。
it showed that the concentration of chci_3 and ccl_4 were higher in waterworks than in source water , especially for ccl_4 .	结果表明 , chci3和ccl4浓度比来源水工业更高 , 尤其是ccl4 。
also , it should have a few big bombing scenes that could provide moments of action and destruction , so it is likely to be both fun and titillating .	另外 , 应该有几个大炸弹场景 , 可以提供动作和破坏时刻 , 所以可能是有趣的和直接的 。
the bus was reaching the hill top and will go downhill after a turn . the right side of the bus was facing an unfathomable cliff .	公共汽车正在达到山顶 , 将在一次转弯后落下 , 公共汽车的右侧面临着一个无法接触的悬崖 。
“i want to be fair to my employees , ” explains mary ellen elia , hillsborough’s superintendent .	" 我想要公平我的员工 , " 玛丽·埃伦·艾利亚解释说 , 希拉斯波鲁的超级代表 。
bookable associated or nonassociated facility such as a commentary position , observer seat , camera position , etc .	书籍相关或非相关设施如精神位置、观察者座位、摄像机位等 。
it has been used by science communicators worldwide to develop strategies for involving the public in decisions relating to science progress .	它已被全球科学通讯商广泛应用 , 为涉及科学进步决策的公共策略开发 。
denmark led the pack with 72% of people reporting that they were thriving , while the united states came in at no . 12 , with 59% .	丹麦领导了72%的人们报道 , 他们正在兴奋 , 而美国在1月12日出现 , 占59% 。
this article explores these considerations and discusses how an air or watercooled system can help you optimize your mig or tig welding performance .	本文探讨这些考虑并讨论了空气或冷却系统如何帮助您优化您的mig或tig焊接性能 。
there are some differences among them , the temporization is as much as the transcendent , but they enrich and develop the text theory together .	其中有一些差异 , 模式化是跨越性的 , 但它们丰富并共同发展文本理论 。
the academy awards started the visualeffectscategory in 1963 , though it was called “special effects” at the time .	1963年 , 学术奖项开始了视觉效果分类 , 虽然它被称为 " 特殊效果 " 。
join exnavy seal richard " mack " machowicz on a wild ride around the globe in search of the ultimate weapon .	加入密封理查德 " 马克 " 机械化在全球各地的野生骑兵搜索最终武器 。
i called my dad and it seemed that he had been waiting for the call and picked up and gave me the address incredibly efficiently .	我叫我的爸爸 , 看起来他一直等着电话 , 然后把我拿起来 , 很有效地址给我 。
deals heavy damage to your target over 9 seconds , and greatly reduces their armor . only usable from the sides or rear .	把重伤害交给目标超过9秒 , 大大减少他们的armor , 只能从侧或后面使用 。
the division of malaria control of kenya , working with an international research team , has been monitoring the coverage and impact of this intervention .	肯尼亚的马拉里亚控制部门 , 与国际研究团队一起工作 , 已经监测了该干预的覆盖和影响 。
it can be deployed within 30 minutes , and its selfmanaging , selfhealing capabilities minimize the need for human intervention .	它可以在30分钟内部部署 , 自我管理 , 自愈合能力最小化人类干预需求 。
pd ports has submitted plans to develop a us$102 million import centre at teesport for the use of a major uk retailer .	pd港已提交计划开发一个102万美元的进口中心 , 用于一家主要的英国零售商 。
sentimental , timid and small nonpoint , prince of frozen cold , blunt nerve cavalier , dance big triangle !	情绪 , 潮湿 , 无点小 , 冷冻的王子 , 蓝神经节奏器 , 舞大三角 !
land disposal laws made it progressively easier for farmers to purchase undeveloped land from the huge public domain .	土地分散法使农民更容易采购不开发的土地 , 从大型公共领域来购买不开发土地 。
in answer one mode you can set a predefined number and select the number of rings after which the phone should autoanswer .	在回答一个模式中 , 您可以设置预定义的数字 , 并在手机应该自动回答之后选择电话的数字 。
approximately 20 , 000 employees at over 800 locations worldwide provide technology , system and knowhow optimization .	全球800多名员工大约20 , 000名员工在全球范围内提供技术、系统和知识优化 。
the next time you experience one of these emotions and you cannot figure out where it came from perhaps it came before your physical birth .	下次你经历了这些情绪之一 , 你不能从物理诞生之前来到哪里 。
china , in short , would like to consolidate its industry into companies resembling bloomberg , time warner and viacom , analysts say .	分析师表示 , 尽管如此 , 中国将想把它的行业融合到公司 , 像布朗伯格 , 时间沃纳和维纳这样的公司 。
if a rac node stops working , oracle will not failover the dtp service until the oracle rac cleanup and recovery is complete .	如果rac节点停止工作 , oracle将不会失败dtp服务 , 直到oraclerac清洁和恢复完成 。
in the nottoodistant past , a developing nation tended to be seen as a country that lacked access to modern technology .	在通知的过去 , 一个发展中国家倾向于被视为一个缺乏现代技术的国家 。
objective to investigate the evaluation of fdgpet delayed image in diagnosis of malignant neoplasm in abdomen .	目的探讨fdgpet延迟图像在腹部恶性肿瘤诊断中的应用价值 。
this paper analysed the traits of emergence of malodor contamination in summer and put forward corresponding manipulative measures .	本文分析了夏季马洛德污染的特点 , 提出相应的操作措施 。
methods: by means of colorimetry the complex was determined by combining picric acid and berberine hydrochloride .	方法:采用彩色对比法测定复合物的方法 , 结合磷酸和伯丁水氯化物 。
li yiliang was relieved of duties as delegate of the sichuan people's congress due to suspect of taking bribes .	四川人民国会代表李毅阳被解除职务 , 由于担心英国的嫌疑 , 由于四川人民代表 。
word of this follows earlier proposals from political advisors , calling on the government to relax the policy .	此言之后 , 政治顾问早些时候 , 要求政府放松政策 。
the reason why the whitecollars suffer increasing workrelated stress is that they pursue work achievement in career .	白领的原因是 , 白领的工作压力越来越多 , 是他们追求工作成就 。
and then all this earthquake happened , i thought , is that karma ? when you are not nice that bad things happen to you .	然后 , 所有这个地震发生了 , 我认为 , 卡拉玛是那么好的 , 当你没有那么好的事情发生在你身上 。
when codified , this collective knowledge makes a valuable extension to software patterns and classified as antipatterns .	当复制的时候 , 这个集体知识使软件模式可作为反模式分类为有价值的扩展 。
in this article , the recent achievement and application of magnetic polymer microspheres for immobilized enzyme are summarized .	本文总结了近年来磁聚合物微球的成果和应用情况 。
elephant trunklike dust pillars point towards the hot blue stars and are telltale signs of their eroding effect .	大象一样的粉尘柱向热蓝色星点向上 , 是他们的愤怒效果的标志 。
but very old unix and linux systems didn't implement the protective mechanism snprintf is supposed to implement .	但是非常老的unix和linux系统并没有实现保护机制nntf的实现 。
if a shipper should use a p . o . box address , the recipients telephone number must be included on the label .	如果船员应该使用p.ox地址 , 接收者电话号必须在标签上包含 。
that is the kind of study that we need to have in order to make a final decision about how long we really need to continue dual antiplatelet therapy .	这是我们需要的研究 , 为了制定最终决定我们真正需要多久的时间继续抗plalt疗法 。
for whatever reason , i tend to think of him as a lowprofile “insider , ” but his publication history belies this image .	无论什么原因 , 我倾向于认为他作为一个低文件 " 内部 " , 但他的出版历史相信这张图片 。
vila formerlyequaly sneaked in the goal for the national sports team , this time he scored against england .	维拉前平等的目标是国家体育队的目标 , 这次他对英格兰进行攻击 。
the parents of old is old son return very jubilate , let an eldest son help its arrange the job immediately .	老儿的父母是很合理的 , 让一个最古老的儿子立即安排工作 。
the energy centres are located at major branchings of the human nerve system from the base of the spine to the top of the head .	能量中心位于人类神经系统的主要分支 , 从脊柱顶到头顶 。
you must trust your instinct when deciding on one specific business motivational speaker to rule and guide your team .	当决定一个特定的业务动机发言人规则和指导你的团队时 , 你必须相信你的本能 。
an initial version of a new connection web site , the clinical and translational science network , will be launched soon .	新连接网站的初始版本 , 临床和翻译科学网络将很快发布 。
breakage is an important factor to influence wetting deformation of coarsegrained materials ; and farther study is necessary .	破裂是影响粗粒材料湿化变形的重要因素 , 要求较好的研究是必要的 。
the working principle of 3d scanning with structured light and the system calibration of atos optical scanner are introduced .	介绍了三维扫描的工作原理 , 并介绍了atos光学扫描仪的系统校准 。
the world health organization has sent inspectors to the granjas carroll farm . the results of the investigation have not been announced .	世界卫生组织发送检查人员向格兰贾斯卡罗尔农场发送检查 , 调查结果尚未公布 。
signing signature right have the attribute of personal right , involving status right and personality right , and property right and absolute right .	签名签名权有个人权利的属性 , 涉及个人权利 , 财产权利和绝对权利 。
this article is a perspective study on its physical , chemical , biological properties and the immunochemical detecting methods .	本文对其物理、化学、生物学性能及免疫化学检测方法进行了研究 。
general macarthur described the weapon as " one of the strongest contributing factors to our victory in the pacific " .	马克拉瑟将军描述为 " 太平洋上最强的因素之一 " 。
but the team concluded that those anomalies were created by jumbling of strata when debris flowed back into the crater after the impact .	但是 , 研究小组结论 , 这些异常是由岩浆流入裂缝后 , 岩浆流入裂缝 。
likewise must the deacons be grave , not doubletongued , not given to much wine , not greedy of filthy lucre ;	与此同样 , 必须是坟墓 , 不要双重的 , 不要给许多酒 , 不要贪婪过滤的lucre ;
the two size mixtures of grafting starch and pva1799 were blending , and the stability of solution system was analyzed .	结合pva-17999的两种大小混合物 , 分析了溶液系统的稳定性 。
the preconcentrated juice is provided to a multieffect evaporator , which removes a second portion of water to form a concentrate .	预集中汁为多效蒸发剂提供 , 除去二部分水以形成集中剂 。
in the summer of 1974 , an ancient junk of sung dynasty was excavated in quanzhou bay , fujian province .	1974年夏天 , 宋代古代垃圾在福建省泉州湾开挖 。
to say that travel is the luxury – and not necessity – of the fossil fuel generation is an oversimplification .	要说旅行是奢侈品 , 而且不必要的化石燃料产生是一种过度简化的过度 。
this is in vertical position . 149 . 9 but i would think that the uncertainty of my measurement is probably 1 millimeter .	这是垂直位置 。 149.9.9 , 但我认为我测量的不确定性可能是1毫米 。
this paper is an analysis on the current situation of internal accounting control within the agricultural research institutions .	本文对农业研究机构内部会计控制的现状进行了分析 。
glass shows chemical inertness in the daily environment and does not react with living things , so it has extensive applications .	玻璃在日常环境中显示化学插入 , 没有与生命事物反应 , 因此它具有广泛的应用 。
the first total synthesis of squamosamide was achieved in seven steps by us , with an over all yield of 14% .	第一步合成了方胺的总合成 , 达到了7个步骤 , 产量超过14% 。
for example , if the registrar at a university is also taking courses , he or she may play the role of both student and registrar .	例如 , 如果在一所大学的注册者也在采取课程 , 他或她可能会扮演学生和注册者的角色 。
migration results of the seg foothills overthrust model synthetic data shows that this approach is in high imaging accuracy .	sgfothillss-rust模型合成数据的迁移结果表明 , 该方法在成像精度高 。
we will ensure an adequate supply of agricultural products and increase farmers’ incomes through multiple channels .	我们将确保农产品的充分供应 , 并通过多渠道增加农民收入 。
objective to know mycobacterium culture , bacterial type and medicine sensitiveness of outerpulmonary tuberculosis .	目的了解细菌培养、细菌类型及药物敏感性外肺结核病的临床疗效 。
analysis has been carried out on the main factors which make the whole structure to be simplified , dutylightened and visualized .	对整个结构的主要因素进行了分析 , 使整个结构简化 , 职责轻化和视觉化 。
synergism of certain essential oils when mixed with other essential oils or synthetic insecticides .	当混合其他必要的油或合物的合成剂或合成杀虫剂时 , 某些必要油的协同性能 。
this means , there are no hidden elements that could improve the renderings later , making it easier for you to follow along .	这意味着 , 没有隐藏的元素可以稍后提高渲染力 , 使你更容易跟随 。
this example presents graphically , . the confidence level and uncertainty limit of gaussian of uniform r . v . .	本例提出了图形上 , 信心水平和高斯均匀r.v的不确定限制 。
the tube deformation characteristics on assel mill are deformation concentrating at shoulder and wall thickness in rolling zone increasing .	沥青矿的管形变形特征是在滚动区内的肩膀和墙厚度的变形集中变形特征 。
generally that , do not the history of the private sector is not yet included in the official history of the history books .	一般来说 , 不要私营部门的历史 , 还不包括在历史书官方史上正式的历史 。
the 21st century is info society , and info security is one of the part of our national security stratagems .	21世纪是印度社会 , 印度安全是我国安全区的一部分之一 。
the effects of particle size of tungsten powders and tac quantity on densification and grain size were investigated .	研究了钨粉颗粒尺寸及tc量对粒径密度和粒径大小的影响 。
the drug resistant rates of two kinds of staphylococcus were similar , drug resistance to vancomycin was both 0 .	两种稳定性葡萄糖耐药率相似 , 耐药率为0 。
stealth technologies , target characteristics and detection technologies for the stealth cruise missile are discussed .	讨论了隐形技术、目标特点和检测技术 , 提出了隐形巡航导弹的方法 。
objective to study high frequency color doppler ultrasound in pulmonary artery place affection imaging on children .	目的探讨高频彩色多普勒超声对儿童肺动脉造影的影响 。
the third rules are has carried on the numerical control complex components the processing programming as well as the simulation process .	第三个规则在数控复杂的组件处理程序和仿真过程中进行了数值控制 。
objective: to discuss the feasibility of twodimensional ion chamber array in daily quality assurance of accelerator .	目的:探讨二维离子室阵列在加速器日常质量保证中的可行性 。
educational ethnography is a research model or method that is applied the paradigm of ethnography in educational environment .	教育创新是教育环境中的一个研究模式或方法 , 是在教育环境中的应用范围 。
with the rapid development of industrialization today , industrial accident have become a common personal injury accident .	随着工业化的迅速发展 , 工业事故已经成为一个常见的个人伤害事故 。
however , the poll showed people were less willing to date someone with a lifelong sexually transmitted disease or someone with poor hygiene .	然而 , 调查显示 , 人们愿意与一个生命长的性别传播疾病或贫穷的卫生人一起约会某些人 。
using coordinate rotation based on pwave particle vibration , aligning the source components at different depths have been achieved .	利用基于p波波粒子振动协调旋转 , 实现了不同深度的源组成部分 。
electric heating pads are cumbersome , generally inflexible , and don't work away from a source of electricity .	电热泵通常是不灵活的 , 而且不要从电源出发 。
" zhuangzi " is the the warring states period zhuangzhou's works , which is one of the important classics of taoism .	" 庄子 " 是张州的战争时期 , 是道教的重要经典之一 。
the other compounds or treatment concentrations had no clear attractive or repellent action against the female adults .	其他化合物或治疗浓度没有明显的吸引力或反应的对女性成年的行为 。
oblivious to its cause , this scientist called the photography company and ordered a replacement for the " defective " film .	明显的原因 , 这位科学家称这家摄影公司并订购了一个替代 " 缺陷 " 电影 。
today and the coming next 10 days , i will be doing overtime at chq due to the huge amount of customer orders .	今天和未来10天 , 由于客户订单大量的订单 , 我将在chq上做过时间 。
he said he would ask congress to increase aid to pakistan but in return he expected pakistan to tackle the safe havens .	他说 , 他将要求国会增加援助巴基斯坦 , 但他希望巴基斯坦能够承担安全性 。
if i use mms early and wisely , i may never have another cold , bronchitis , flu , or pneumonia in the future .	如果我早期和智慧地使用mmmms , 我可能永远不会有另一个冷、支气管炎、流感或肺炎 。
maybe there will be some kind of backlash when they hit adolescence , but at least they will have had most of their lives to assimilate the information .	也许 , 当他们袭击青少年时 , 可能会有一些背景 , 但是至少他们将有大多数的生活来同样的信息 。
eclipse lets you automatically generate the hashcode and equals methods for your classes so you don't have to do it yourself .	eclipse允许您自动生成hah代码和等于您的类的方法 , 这样你不需要做它 。
the architect determines which use cases can be implemented by preexisting applications or services and which use cases need to be constructed or extended .	建筑师确定使用例可以通过现有应用程序或服务实现的应用程序 , 并且需要建立或扩展用例 。
we should rather recognize in it the speculative spirit of our language rising above the me 'eitheror' of understanding .	我们应该宁愿认识到我们的语言的猜测精神上升在我国的 " 理解 " 之上 。
because microflows perform better than longrunning processes , use a microflow for your proxy process implementation if possible .	由于微流量比长期运行过程更好 , 如果可能的话 , 使用微流作为代理流程实现 。
but the stapes would not take on its familiar role as a component of the terrestrially adapted tympanic ear for millions of years .	然而 , 标准并不会以其熟悉的角色作为一种特殊适应典型的地方耳朵的成分 , 数百万年 。
kim jongil inspects the newlybuilt kanggye farm at chagang province . photo released on december 11 , 2009 .	2009年12月111日 , 金正日在昌省新建的康吉农场检查 。
red colobus monkeys would be among the primates most threatened by warminginduced leaf changes , a new study says .	新研究显示 , 红色猴子将是最受热导致的叶变化威胁的主要原因之一 。
inspired participation in your game is choosing to engage in something that matters to you , playing it fully and enjoying it .	在你的游戏中 , 启发的参与是选择在某些事情中 , 把它全部享受 , 享受它 。
you shouldn't ask your date if they're having a good time , and you shouldn't ask the interviewer how you did at the end of the interview .	你不应该问你的日期 , 如果他们有一个好的时间 , 你不应该问问你在采访结束时如何做的面试 。
and us retail major walmart has ruled that from 2008 , all its deep freezers in the us and worldwide will be lit up with leds .	美国零售主要沃尔玛2008年统治了2008年 , 全世界各地的冰冻机将与led相关 。
the authors noted that prospective , randomized , placebocontrolled trials are needed to confirm the findings of this observational study .	作者指出 , 前瞻性、随机化、安慰剂控制试验需要确认该观察研究的结果 。
you know no more about unicorns than i do , for i've read the same books and heard the same stories , and i've never seen one either .	你知道没有比我做的更多关于unicnorns , 因为我读过相同的书 , 听到同样的故事 , 我从来没有看到过一个 。
he says p2p players do almost everything that banks do—market products , evaluate borrowers , underwrite and service loans .	他说p2p玩家几乎做的几乎所有东西都是市场产品 , 评估借款商 , 下面和服务贷款 。
in the case of the sales house the program required linear movement from one end of the building to the other as a device to move people through .	在销售房子的情况下 , 程序需要从建筑的一端到另一端的线性运动 , 作为一个设备移动人们 。
tea attained the prime in tang dynasty , which spread from southwest china through yangtze river over thousands of years .	唐代茶取得了唐代的主要原因 , 由于中国西南地区传播 , 数千年以上 。
after a long day at the office , you might be inclined to stagger home and collapse in front of your new flatscreen television .	在办公室的一段时间之后 , 您可能会在你的新平台屏幕电视前突破家庭和崩溃 。
in india , 8 . 6% of girls aged between 15 and 19 are having babies ; in nepal , that figure tops 10% .	印度 , 印度8.6%的女孩在15岁至19岁之间有婴儿 ; 在尼泊尔 , 这个数字高达10% 。
kate's story examines kate's life as a photographer and accessories buyer , as well as being a party girl .	凯特的故事检查凯特的生命作为摄影师和访问者 , 以及成为党女孩 。
everyone can make you smile . many people can make you cry . but it takes someone really special to make you smile with tears in your eyes .	每个人都能让你微笑 , 很多人都能让你哭泣 , 但却需要一个人真正的特别让你笑着眼泪 。
as former marine and dog handler mike dowling put it in an interview , " as long as the dog is with the handler , he's loving life . "	正如前海洋和狗处理器迈克·杜克在采访中说: " 只要狗跟手工一样 , 他爱了生活 。 "
also while he was at disney , burton developed his blackandwhite short frankenweenie , about a boy who revives his dead dog .	他还在迪斯尼的时候 , 布尔顿开发了他的黑白短缺的弗兰克文尼 , 约有一个男孩 , 他的死狗 。
one expert argued that , for years , the united states has underinvested in technologies to make automobiles more fuelefficient .	一名专家认为 , 多年来 , 美国已经在技术上投资 , 使汽车更加富裕 。
people who are worried about losing their jobs do things that keep them from getting laid off they drink less and take fewer risks .	那些担心失去工作的人们 , 让他们从饮料减少 , 减少风险 。
pointing at a large concrete building in central zlitan , the man added: " they have a close watch on all our movements .	男子补充说: " 他们在中部的一个大型混凝土建筑上指出: " 他们在我们的运动上都有密切的观察 。
hi frank if u had to release a single wot type of stuff would using about and would u like to do a duet wiv anyone ?	嗨 , 如果你必须释放一个单身的东西 , 就会使用大量的东西 , 你想做一个杜兰电视吗 ?
but when it comes to studenttofaculty ratio , their rankings drop , with tsinghua at 22th and peking at 23rd .	但是当它来到学生的容量比例时 , 他们的排名下降了 , 清华22分 , 同时在23rd 。
the paper has put forward a new method for quickly and accurately predicting the shelf life of silastic with the least experiments and cost .	本文提出了一种快速、准确预测弹性生命的新方法 , 用最小实验和成本来预测弹性生命的方法 。
also check out your cellphone or pda—you'll never miss a deadline when your schedule is in your pocket or purse .	另外 , 检查你的手机或pda , 您永远不会错过你的计划在你的口袋里或追求的时候 。
in fact , susquehanna says , in january “kayak was priceline’s fifth largest source of traffic worldwide . ”	事实上 , 苏格山纳说 , 1月 " 卡雅克价格是全球最大的交通源 " 。
we want 4 . 000 friends to our account only from greece and who will be mainly be advertising companies or type centers !	我们希望4000个朋友只能从希腊到我们的账户 , 谁主要是广告公司或类型中心 !
those who believe that transparency has inherent value , or that it should be the norm , may initially have difficulties with this approach .	那些相信透明度的人有继承价值 , 或者它应该是正常的 , 可能最初有困难 。
you can use this technique when you need to separate an input array into two or more smaller arrays based on criteria in the input data .	当您需要分隔输入阵列时 , 您可以使用这个技术 , 将输入数据中的标准分开两个或更小的数组 。
the dow jones industrial average rose 178 . 08 points , or 1 . 53 percent , at 11 , 836 . 04 .	道琼工业指数上涨178.08点 , 或1.53% , 11 , 836.04点 。
it's a step up , procedurally , from the bigbang model , in that it at least requires some idea of what the product requirements are .	它是一个步骤 , 程序上来自大型模型的步骤 , 至少需要一些产品要求的概念 。
high quality steamed bread was made with adding a proper quantity of baking soybean flour or dietary fiber made from soybean hulls .	高质量蒸煮面包加入大豆粉或饮食纤维 , 加入适当的烘焙大豆粉或饮食纤维 。
the chemist jeanbaptiste dumas , french minister of agriculture , was charged with stopping the epidemic .	化学家jeanbaptiste杜马斯 , 法国农业部长 , 被控停止流行病 。
lee scott , the boss of walmart , the world's biggest retailer , is said to see great scope for improving his supply chain .	李斯科特 , 沃尔玛的老板 , 世界上最大的零售商李斯科特说 , 为了改善他的供应链提供巨大范围 。
and , israel continues to amass ground troops around gaza in preparation for a possible ground offensive .	以色列继续在加沙周围的地面部队 , 准备可能的地面防御 。
tourists go to the beach , they go to lamu island , they go to malindi , they go to mombasa , they sit and drink beer .	游客去海滩 , 他们去拉姆乌岛 , 他们去马林迪 , 他们去莫巴拉 , 他们坐着喝啤酒 。
sife is an incubator , breeding a lovingheart , nourishing selfconfidence and producing many a young group which can do well .	sife是一个诱导者 , 育一只爱心 , 养生自信 , 生产许多年轻的团体可以做得很好 。
it is the cunning of reason , no doubt , but one has to recognize the cunning of the reasoner , and take one's hat off to him .	这是理由的惩罚 , 没有疑问 , 但一个人必须认识到原因的惩罚 , 然后把一只帽子送到他身上 。
more gratifying is the fabric after cold rolling feel softer , quality improves , as benign and usher in a new customer .	更多的磨削是在冷轧后的织物 , 质量提高 , 如新客户所用的良好和用户 。
using pictures taken with the spitzer space telescope , scientists first removed light from closer stars and galaxies .	利用图像与灵敏空间望远镜拍摄 , 科学家首先从更近的星和星系移除光 。
help your child set her own achievable goals she'll learn to take pride in herself and rely less on approval or reward from others .	帮助你的孩子设定自己的可实现目标 , 她会学会在自己身上获得骄傲 , 依靠其他人批准或奖励 。
second , libya's cities and oases are islands in a sea of sand and of pivotal importance as supply depots .	第二 , 利比亚的城市和奥斯匹斯岛在沙滩上 , 作为供应储备的重要性 。
other names for this bird are celebes imperial pigeon , celebes green imperial pigeon and green imperial pigeon .	这只鸟的其他名字是圣诞的鸽子 , 庆祝绿色的鸽子和绿色帝国鸽子 。
keep it clean , clear , pseudo impartial , but definitely focused on benefits for specific customers .	保持它清洁 , 清洁 , 伪装 , 可是专注于特定客户的利益 。
a major part of economic theory deals with largescale phenomena such as stock market fluctuations or gross national products .	经济理论的主要部分 , 与股市流动等大规模现象交易 , 包括国家产品 。
step 7: social life giving yourself a break from the activity which is stressing you is as good a relaxation tool as any .	第七步:社会生活让自己从活动中断出来 , 压力你是一个很好的放松工具 。
and in the case of the completely inelastic collisions that we have seen last time , we lost kinetic energy , which was converted to heat .	在上次我们看到过的最后一次的弹性碰撞中 , 我们失去了动力能量 , 这被转换为热量 。
also , gypsies may be buying pieces of land on green belts and have little or no knowledge of the administration system .	另外 , 体育可能正在购买绿带的土地 , 没有知识行政系统的知识 。
spanish is what we call a " romance " language , meaning that it is based on latin , the language of the ancient roman empire .	西班牙是我们所称的 " 浪漫 " 语言 , 意味着它基于拉丁 , 古罗马帝国的语言 。
apple is allowing publishers to set their own prices , and the titles shown at the demo retailed for $12 . 99 and under .	苹果正允许出版商设置自己的价格 , 而且在民主零售额为12.99美元和下面的名称显示 。
he says celebrities who act like they do not want to be photographed are hypocrites who secretly adore the attention .	他说 , 像他们不想摄影的名人一样行动 , 就像他们不想被摄影的名人一样是那些严肃的注意力 。
a hardness separation system for steel ball based on preventive multifrequency testing eddy current technology was presented .	提出了一种基于预防多频测试eddy电流技术的硬度分离系统 。
this creates a field with a matching label on the design canvas and automatically binds the field to the node in the instance .	这创建了一个与设计蜡烛匹配标签的字段 , 然后自动绑定到节点的字段 。
the activities of pod in the serum , muscle and hepatopancreas of the injected shrimp remained stable .	血清、肌肉和肝胰腺的活性仍然稳定 。
but he was a gallant warrior , and when he rose to make his final adieu his mouth was grimly set and his shoulders were squared .	可是他是一名服装战士 , 当他上升时 , 他最后的阿迪乌便嘴里紧紧紧地设置 , 他的肩膀正在平静 。
for example , belgium sent four f16 jets and 150 military personnel to help with the libyan nofly zone .	例如 , 贝尔吉姆派四架f16喷射和150架军事人员帮助利比亚无飞区 。
redwinged blackbirds were perched on fence posts . farmers were out in their fields , preparing for another season .	红色的黑鸟被视为战后 , 农民们在他们的领域 , 准备另一个季节 。
the state could not curtail such activities without inflaming the entire populace , although it periodically tried .	虽然它周期性地试验 , 国家不能在没有炎症整个人口的情况下进行这样的活动 。
one brand that's hot in the fashion world is miro , and its trendy designs of clothing and shoes originate in barcelona .	时尚世界的一个品牌之一是米罗 , 而且它的服装和鞋子的趋势设计在巴塞罗那 。
but days later , experiencing something similar while i was alone triggered a memory that made me miss andy acutely .	但是几天后 , 经历一些类似的东西 , 当我独自触发了一个记忆 , 使我失去安迪的回忆 。
at the same time , close study of the text has been an ample reward to use for the effort expended , as we hope it will be to others .	同时 , 近年来 , 文本的研究一直是一个广泛的奖励 , 因为我们希望它将成为其他人 。
the paper is concerned with two aspects:a necessary and sufficient condition for convex hull of a set in e2 being closed ;	文章以两个方面关注:对e2关闭的集合壳输送的必要条件和足够条件 ;
in the movies he always wore a fake mustache , had poor man's clothes and often walked funny with a cane .	在这部电影里 , 他总是穿着假装 , 衣服穷人 , 经常用罐子走得很有趣 。
france mercilessly crushed rebellions in tonkin , and sat back while over one million vietnamese starved after world war ii .	法国在坦克林无私地撞击了反叛 , 坐在世界大战后的一百万越南人群中 , 坐了回来 。
as a result , you get two parallel connectors , one for each navigation direction , from screen 1 to screen 3 , and one back .	结果是 , 您得到两个并行连接器 , 每个导航方向 , 从屏幕1到屏幕3 , 然后回到一个返回 。
yet when standardsize clothes are altered for a man like mr . lefkowitz , the final proportions can come out all wrong .	然而 , 当标准尺寸的衣服被改变为像莱弗科兹先生这样的男人时 , 最后的比例可以出现错误 。
the route varies every year , taking riders and fans through mountains , tiny towns , and the streets of paris .	每年各样的路线 , 沿着骑手和扇子穿过山 , 小镇 , 巴黎街道 。
qg: you have been practicing in landscape design and urban design for 15 years . did you ever have any frustration in your career ?	问:你曾经在景观设计和城市设计中练习过15年 , 你在职业生涯中有任何破坏 ?
an elegant chardonnay from yarra valley with delicious citrus , nectarine and fresh apricot flavors .	来自雅拉山谷的一座高雅的卡隆纳 , 带着美丽的柑橘 , 新鲜的杏仁香味 。
" the child stared at him open mouthed and horrified for a minute , then gasped: " didn't you get my email ?	" 孩子们站在他开口的时候 , 抱着一分钟 , 然后盖斯: " 你没收到我的电子邮件吗 ? "
southwest said three planes had cracks similar to those in the phoenix jet and would be repaired before they fly again .	西南部说 , 三架飞机在凤凰喷射机中裂缝相似 , 在飞行再次修复之前 , 将会再次修复 。
direct mail and telephone solicitation are such effective fundraising tools that most large social movement organizations use one or both .	直接邮件和电话解决是这样有效的基础工具 , 大多数社会运动组织都使用一个或两者 。
engineers have long known that designing smaller , lighter vehicles is an ideal way to meet tighter fueleconomy standards .	工程师已经知道设计更小、更轻的车辆是满足较强的燃料经济标准的理想途径 。
listen people the senator is 25 points ahead in the polls but he wants us to keep running scared like we're way behind .	听众参议员在调查中25分 , 但他想让我们保持跑步 , 就像我们背后的路一样 。
safrian added , “they knew his face , and . . . even after ten days , staying in the sun , his face had not changed ! ”	萨弗里亚补充道: " 他们知道他的脸 , 甚至十天后 , 呆在太阳里 , 他的脸没有改变 ! "
this article clears the measuring coupling relationship between horizontal azimuth and pitch angles by detailed mathematical deduction .	本文通过详细的数学推导 , 阐述了水平动态与坑角之间的测量耦合关系 。
first , it proved indubitably that she and her husband occupied separate rooms , in itself a shocking enough state of affairs .	首先 , 证明她和丈夫占据了独立的房间 , 自身震惊足够的事情 。
it's highly prohibited that nonoperator or nonrepairman should enter the safety protection rails of the mold soaker to avoid scorching .	高度禁止非经营商或非维修人员应进入模具吸引机的安全保护铁路 , 以避免分量 。
at present , the development and application of acetate fibers in textile industry in some developed countries such as america and japan have been relatively mature .	目前 , 一些发展中国家和日本相对成熟的纺织工业中醋酸纤维的发展及应用 。
the accuracy of the aromas index model of tobacco established in this study on tobacco aromas types was 87 . 9% .	本研究建立了烟草类型烟草烟草烟草烟草烟草烟草的气候指标模型的准确性为87.9% 。
methods:the models with hyperglycemia were induced by alloxan to observe the effects of balsam pear grande on the blood sugar .	方法:采用异丙烷对大鼠血糖的影响 , 观察血糖对血糖的影响 。
in addition , the learning content and function structure are abstract to the educational model in practice by eml educational modeling language .	此外 , 通过教育模式语言学习内容和功能结构对教育模式进行了抽象 。
based on geostatistics regionalization variable and variogram , kriging interpolation technology was described in detail .	详细介绍了基于地理学的区域化变量和变量图的基础上 , 详细介绍了kriing插值技术 。
if allowed to come into contact with the skin , croton oil causes blistering and painful skin irritation which can last up to three weeks .	如果允许与皮肤接触 , 克罗顿油造成突破和痛苦的皮肤灌溉 , 会持续三周 。
the discrete time sliding mode controller design for stability and active power distribution of a twogenerator parallel running system is discussed in this paper .	本文讨论了二代并行运行系统的离散时间滑动模式控制器设计 , 讨论了两个发电机并行运行系统的稳定性和积极功率分布 。
though more cases were reported by the specific reporting system than the routine system , the problem focus on delayed reporting cases . so , it is needed to perfect...	虽然更多的病例是由特定报告系统报告 , 问题关注延迟报告案例 , 因此 , 需要完善报告系统 。
more than 500 relief agencies are operating in haiti and the skies are filled with aircraft ferrying supplies to portauprince .	海地500多家救援机构正在运营 , 空中充满飞机发送供应港口的供应 。
as a kind of ideal transmission medium in the shortdistance communication network , polymer optical fiber has great foreground of development .	聚合物光纤作为短暂通信网络的理想传播介质 , 具有良好的发展前景 。
this amerigo accompanied several expeditions to the new world and actually found a great deal of new land in the southern part of the hemisphere .	这个美国与新世界相伴 , 实际上发现了很多新的土地 , 在半球南部地区的新地 。
alli alloys is a new type of material of airplane construction which rises recently . it is famous at its low modulus of elasticity .	联盟合金是近年来飞机建设的一种新型材料 , 是其弹性低模块的著名材料 。
and answer is " it " imperative tool settlement does not provide " emissions " regulations and the environmental protection agency for compliance .	答案是 " 它 " 实现工具解决办法不提供 " 排放 " 规定和环保机构的遵守 。
in the fortieth year of the reign of david they were sought for , and there were found among them mighty men of valour at jazer of gilead .	在大卫的四十年里 , 大卫的统治中 , 他们在吉拉德的杰雷德 , 发现了他们中间的花朵 。
compared with economic strength and practical needs of both sides , bilateral business cooperation enjoys huge development potential .	与经济强度和实际需求相比 , 双边业务合作享有巨大的发展潜力 。
the predominance of positive experiences permits the absorption , integration , and mentalization of the negative segment of experience .	积极经验的前提允许吸收 , 集成 , 精神化经验负段 。
dried fish , dried squid , shells , sea cucumbers , shelled shrimp , dried sea snake , agar , and others .	干鱼 , 干干燥 , 壳 , 海瓜 , 壳子 , 壳子虾 , 干燥的海蛇 , 加糖等 。
with the method of prescribed burning , the effects of burning on leymus chinensis population in inner mongolia steppe were discussed .	针对燃烧的方法 , 讨论了燃烧对内蒙古族内蒙古阶段的影响 。
when phosphate fertilisers are used in such countries , yields increase but at a high cost to farmers and to the environment , he said .	他说 , 当磷酸盐肥料在这种国家使用时 , 产量增加但在农民和环境的高成本上增加 。
objective to compare the contents of amygdaloside in ephedra decoctions made by using traditional method with that by soaking granules with boiling water .	目的比较采用传统的方法 , 用蒸煮水浸泡颗粒浸泡颗粒的方法 , 比较淀粉中氨基化物的含量 。
only , a dynamics model of bridging fiber is built , fracture dynamics problems of composite materials are solved very well .	唯一 , 建立了桥梁纤维动力学模型 , 解决了复合材料的断裂动力学问题 。
christian dior launched a multimedia photo exhibit in shanghai in midmay , showing off its lady dior line of handbags .	基督徒离婚者在上海举行了多媒体照片展览 , 展示了其手袋的女士离婚线 。
in 2002 , hm king abdullah ii of jordan outlined a strategy to make jordan a regional information technology hub .	2002年 , 约旦国王阿卜杜拉二世宣布了一个战略 , 使约旦地区信息技术胡勃的策略 。
in your life , be sure to make yourself more magnanimous , for a person like that won't be puzzled with insoluble problems and can be optimistic .	在你的生活中 , 肯定要让自己更加壮观 , 因为一个人喜欢这样的人不会被无法解决的问题和乐观 。
art form is an important category in simmel's art thoughts , and is also the expression of aesthetic redeeming in ails .	艺术形式是simmel艺术思想中的一个重要类别 , 也是ails审美重新设计的表达式 。
as you will be loving for the longhaul , make sure you avoid the friction , pain , and discomfort that can result from working each other raw by using lube .	当你喜欢长寿的时候 , 确保你避免摩擦 , 痛苦 , 痛苦不舒服 , 因此可以通过运用卢比来工作彼此原因 。
in some places , one person will play a small gong and sing songs to praise the coming of spring . this person will give a picture of an ox to every household .	在某些地方 , 一个人会扮演一个小门 , 唱歌 , 赞美春天来的歌曲 , 这个人将给每个家庭带来一张氧气的照片 。
oh , captain butler , you shouldn't hold me so close . i will be mad if you do ! another dance and my reputation will be lost forever .	哦 , 队长贝勒 , 你不应该把我那么接近 。 如果你做的话 , 另外一个舞蹈和我的声誉永远会失去 。
in the long span of the chinese history , the descendants of the yellow emperor have been righteously proud of the existence of the outstanding confucius .	在中国历史悠久的西班牙 , 黄帝的后裔已经正确骄傲了出色的孔子 。
his colossus , whose size would be appropriate to a temple or city square , is a young , crouching , barefoot boy .	他的殖民地 , 他的大小将适合一个寺庙或城市广场 , 是一个年轻 , 青春 , 青春 , 青春 。
the results of landscape index of ndvi patch grades in thousand island lake area reflect the status of the plant communities on them well .	数千个岛屿湖区地景观指标的结果反映了植物群落的地位 。
more organic fertilizer can not only improve soil aggregates structure and basic character , but also be propitious to the effect of water and soil coupling .	更多有机肥不仅能提高土壤聚合结构和基本特征 , 而且对水土耦合作用和土壤耦合的影响也很好 。
this unique , easy to rinse formula leaves hair soft , smooth and easy to manage with a fresh , light fragrance .	这独特的是 , 很容易上升的公式叶子柔软 , 平滑 , 易于管理新鲜 , 光折射 。
pedrito tried once more to picture his wife and small son , his parents and his relatives , all of whom he felt certain were standing outside .	帕德里托试图画他的妻子和小儿子 , 他的父母和他的亲戚 , 他的父母都觉得他一定站在外面 。
this paper proposes a threedimension reverse design method of blade based on turbine according to the flow parameters and revolution of pump .	本文提出了一种基于涡轮机的三维反向设计方法 , 根据泵流参数和改革的方法 。
it now contains a bouquet of highend boutiques , possibly what mr . beane’s joke about those antiques dealers was alluding to .	它现在包含了一大堆高端布局 , 可能是beane先生对这些古代交易商的笑话 。
when the new trains start running it will only take one and a half hours . that's just a little longer than it takes to eat lunch and have a nap !	当新火车开始跑步时 , 只有一半小时 , 这只是一小时的时间 , 只要吃午饭 , 还有一条nap !
sulzer chemtech was built on innovation and the key to our success continues to be ongoing development of new ideas and concepts .	苏尔泽化学技术建立了创新和我们成功的关键 , 继续发展新思想和概念 。
however , mscs cocultured with normal hippocampal slices expressed bdnf at a lower level at any times of coculture .	然而 , mscs在任何时候都在文化水平下表达bdnf的基础上培养了正常的假设片 。
of all the fragrances — sandal , tagara , blue lotus and jasmine — the fragrance of virtue is the sweetest .	其中所有的折射都是沙滩 , 塔加拉 , 蓝莲 , 犹太人 , 美德的折射是最甜的 。
company is a foreign investment company under b multicountry company , which belonging to the h steel group , the largest steel enterprise in australia .	公司是澳大利亚最大的钢铁企业 , 属于钢铁集团 , 澳大利亚最大的钢铁企业 。
according to the hibernate shards documentation , this property is quite expensive and should be turned off in a production environment .	根据hibernateshards文档 , 该属性十分昂贵 , 应当在生产环境中转移 。
uprise shocked regnant group of rome , become acute clique of the noble in curia and the contradiction that civilian sends .	上升冲击了罗马的荣誉群体 , 变成了古代贵族的急剧 , 以及民事派遣的矛盾 。
objective: to study the composition , microstructure and microhardness change of the surface reaction layer of titanium cast with three investments .	目的:探讨钛铸件表面反应层表面反应层的组成、结构和微硬度变化 。
metrics tool performance and compatibility the volume of our data overwhelmed our hyperion brio desktop metrics tools .	元件工具性能和兼容性 , 超越了我们的超级英国桌面工具的体积 。
literature evaluation: among 3 501 obtained indexes , 35 concerning inclusion criteria were selected for summarized .	文献评价:总结了3501指标之间 , 35个有关包裹标准 。
multiple sizes or alternative facepiece designs can provide the individual with additional options for obtaining a good fit and seal .	多尺寸或替代面部设计可以提供额外的选择 , 以获得良好的配套和密封的选择 。
firstly , according to the news text , the figure is found among urban employees which is to say not include people without a work .	首先 , 根据新闻文本 , 城市员工中发现的数字是不包含没有工作的人 。
though wimbourne does not exist in modern britain , there is a wimborne minster a small town on the southern coast of england .	虽然wmbourne在现代英国没有存在 , 但在英国南海岸的一个小城镇却有一小镇 。
also , to stimulate the economy , the government should back low interest loans . uh , this is for housing , cars , bigticket items .	另外 , 为了刺激经济 , 政府应该回到低利息贷款.uh , 这是房子、汽车、大市场项目 。
rebooting geronimo will correct the error for one , but then generate the exception again when the database is accessed by the other .	重新启用geronimo将修正一个错误 , 但是当数据库访问另一个数据库时 , 然后再生出异常 。
kate beckinsale , playing a nurse , declares . " before doolittle's raid , americans knew nothing but defeat ; "	凯特·贝金斯尔 , 打一个护士 , 宣布说: " 在多利特雷的袭击之前 , 美国人知道没有什么事情但是打败 ; "
after analyzing cop cobweb algorithm , an approach for combining background knowledge into category utility was proposed .	在分析copcobweb算法的基础上 , 提出了一种结合背景知识的方法 。
the root length , the state of root system , stem height , stem basal diameter , biomass of above and belowground were investigated .	研究了根长、根系状态、茎高、茎基直径、上下地下生物量 。
a letter believed to be written by mostafaei was posted on the internet on saturday , calling for the release of his relatives .	一封信信信相信 , 大多数信徒在星期六在互联网上发布 , 呼吁他的亲戚释放 。
studies show that the smoking cessation drug such as zyban , available by prescription , helps many people quit without gaining weight .	研究表明 , 吸烟药例如zyban , 可以通过预订 , 帮助许多人没有获得体重 。
a total of 12 eligible studies representing 7 of 10 incidence groups in 24 jeendemic countries were identified .	鉴定了24个犹太国家的10个事件组的12个可靠性研究总体 。
science and real estate development to determine the size of the supply of land to enhance landuse regulation to stop land hoarding behavior .	科学和房地产开发以确定土地供应量的规模 , 以提高土地规定 , 以阻止土地保护行为 。
then the method of combustion heat is employed to distinguish the stability of heat in different crystal modifications of disperse violet hfrl .	然后采用燃烧热的方法 , 分别利用不同水晶改性分散紫外线hfrl的热稳定性 。
the doctorial advisor team construction of the doctorial students is vital to the training qualities of the doctorial students .	医生顾问团队建设医生是医生培养素质的重要课题 。
in this paper , a power balancing method is proposed in multiinput multioutput cellular systems , and ber performance is analysed .	本文提出了多输入多输入多输入细胞系统的功率平衡方法 , 分析了ber性能 。
the clustering technology provides a lowlevel messaging structure which keeps all the nodes in the cluster synchronized .	集群技术提供了一个低级消息结构 , 使集群同步中的所有节点保持所有节点 。
the flu virus is usually spread in the small droplets of saliva coughed or sneezed into the atmosphere by an infected person .	流感病毒通常是在感染人员的大气中传播的小滴沙利瓦咳嗽或喷嚏进入大气中 。
the xml encryption specification lists a number of required and optional cryptographic algorithms including	xml加密规范列出了许多要求和选择的密码算法 , 包括包括所需的数量和选择的密码算法 。
jinshun warns mingzhang not to break zhenghong and jiahui up or he would divulge mingzhang's true identity .	金山警告明张不要打破郑中和嘉惠 , 或者他将明张真正的身份分离明张 。
he seemed studiously to seek out all the tender spots in her consciousness so as to inflict on her the cruellest wounds possible .	他似乎很大程度地寻找她的意识的所有倾向点 , 以便在她最危险的伤口上冲突 。
research indicated cellular automata modeling technology is one simple effective method to study the dynamic problem of traffic flow .	研究表明 , 细胞自动化建模技术是研究交通流动力学问题的一种简单有效的方法 。
foreigners can apply for chinese driving license using their respective country's drivers license . the information on the same is as shown below .	外国人可以使用各国司机许可证申请中国驱动许可证 , 同样在下面的信息如下所示 。
the processing of the nonstaple cereals include the processing of oat , buck wheat and barley as well as the preparation of barley malt .	非稳定性脑的加工包括加工燕麦、小麦和小麦的加工以及制备小麦的制备 。
the chemical industries special ltd . was a successful example that government and merchants cooperated under the special ltd .	化工有限公司是一个成功的例子 , 是政府和商人合作的特殊有限公司 。
the wave induced seabed liquefaction is a main attributor to forming of the submarine physiognomy in huanghe river delta .	波导入海底液化是黄河三角洲的潜艇生理学形成的主要属性 。
the algorithm and the learning rule of the neuron adaptive pid controller for pulp consistency control system are described in this paper .	本文介绍了脉冲一致性控制系统的神经元自适应pid控制器的算法和学习规律 。
turnofthecentury elocutionists taught their students how to gesture to communicate specific emotions or messages .	十二世纪的文化学家教导他们的学生如何对特定情绪或消息交流 。
conductivities measured at room temperatures must be corrected if they are to be used for rocks at depths greater than about 1000m .	房间温度测量的导电性必须被修正 , 如果他们被用于岩石深度大约1000毫米 。
ceramiclined compound copper tube is used in tube mould having excellent service effects and decreasing the production cost of tube blank .	采用陶瓷化合铜管在管模块中具有优良的服务效果 , 降低管坯生产成本 。
the " he runs , the nobody smiled ...... " yan sen moment turns the facial statement of face for the cordial style form .	" 他跑了 , 没有人笑着... " 燕敏时刻转变了面对正式形式的脸声明 。
some strong seedlings in the first four to five leaves and smoke after the second take ear , born in the removal of the ear was spent .	第一四至五个叶子和烟后有些强壮的种子 , 出生于耳朵的出生中 。
this paper presents the development of a new power coil , which is to address the problem of power supply for online monitoring system in high voltage side of transmission lines .	本文介绍了一种新型电力线圈的开发方案 , 介绍了在线监控系统在高电压线的电源监控系统的问题 。
the retail space in kingkey financial centre in caiwuwei , luohu district , will be launched for prelease shortly .	路湖区金融中心的零售空间 , 将短期推出预订 。
on december 15 , i reached an omnibus budget agreement with congress , the last major legislative victory of my eight years .	15年12月15日 , 我与国会达成了一项omnibus预算协议 , 最后八年的立法胜利 。
it has all the benefits related to loosely coupled architecture , such as code reusability , and it also limits the testing effort required .	它有关于松散耦合架构的好处 , 比如代码可重用性 , 还限制了测试工作的努力 。
like a person swinging a tennis racket in her right hand , the decay of cobalt 60 has an intrinsic handedness that is reversed by a mirror .	就像一个人在她右手打网球 , 60年代的下降有一个由镜子反向的内在手柄 。
just as in previous seasons there seems to be no real link between the midfield and the attack , and the need for a new trequartista is glaring .	正如以前的季节似乎没有真正的联系 , 中场和攻击之间的真正联系 , 新的季节是闪烁的 。
joshua was grateful for god's help . he knew that the israelites would have to fight many battles before they could live happily in their new homeland .	约书拉对上帝的帮助感激 , 他知道以色列人必须在他们的新土地生活很快乐之前 , 以色列人就必须战斗很多战斗 。
facebook’s ad sales team is now led by carolyn everson , who replaced longtime vp of global sales mike murphy .	facebook的广告销售团队现在由卡罗琳·埃弗伦领导 , 他取代了全球销售迈克·穆里菲的长期vp 。
at last , we give a example of this model , and analyse some influencing factors of the price of a ratecapped swap with bermudan swaption .	最后 , 给出了这种模型的例子 , 并分析了一种比较普遍的价格的影响因素 。
stars and planets form within swirling clouds of dust and gas that visible light cannot penetrate , but which infrared radiation can .	星星和行星形成的尘埃和气体 , 可见光不能渗透 , 但红外辐射能 。
but as mr . sandman cautions , an impressively documented process only has the appearance of control , thus having only the feel of mitigating risk .	但是随着桑德曼先生的调查 , 一个印象的文档过程只有控制的出现 , 因此只有减轻风险的感觉 。
her life was often regarded as a fairytale and her legendary marriage to baseball great joe dimaggio was the hallmark of this perception .	她的生活经常被视为一个公平的婚姻 , 她的传奇的传奇婚姻是这个观念的哈拉姆克 。
through invoking mathematic library and hybrid programming , the numerical results derived on deepcomp 6800 are satisfactory .	通过调查数学图书馆和混合编程 , 给出了6800年深陷6800的数值结果是满意的 。
at present , the aids " four frees and one care " policy in tianjin full implementation of the national aids in lowprevalence state .	目前 , 天津全国艾滋病 " 四自由和一项关注 " 政策在低价国家艾滋病实施 。
stay positive . don't whine and complain . it gives people a negative impression about your outlook on life and makes people think you are 'grumpy' .	保持积极 , 不要干净 , 抱怨 , 它给人们关于生命的负面印象 , 使人们认为你是 " 暂时 " 。
make a list of things you always wanted to do but couldn't because you were raising your kids . maybe it's writing or learning the piano .	做一个你总是想做的事情列表 , 但是你不能提高你的孩子 , 也许这是写作或学习钢琴 。
dubai's al wasl club is expected to make a formal announcement on signing diego maradona as its coach for the next 2 years .	迪拜的阿尔沃尔俱乐部预计将在接下来2年签署迪戈·马拉登纳作为教练的正式宣布 。
the guessing problem is troubling because two test takers with same knowledge can end up with different scores or two people with different knowledge levels can end up with same scores .	猜测问题正在困扰 , 因为两个测试采取者可以结束不同的分数或两个不同的知识水平 , 可以结束同样的分数 。
while most of us head for shelter when we hear a huge storm coming , one daredevil photographer has made it his job to get as close as he can .	当我们大多数人听到大风暴的时候 , 听到了一位敢于恶魔摄影师的工作 , 就像他一样接近 。
i’ll finish this guest post by 11:59pm on august 31 . i know this , because if i don’t , i’ll lose $1 , 000 .	今年8月31日 , 我将完成这个客人邮票1:59pm , 我知道这是因为我不会失去1 , 000美元 。
the games lost popularity , however , largely due to the growth of cheating and were abolished by emperor theodosius i in 394 ad .	然而 , 游戏失去了流行性 , 大多由于欺骗的成长 , 由于我在394年被皇帝奥多伊所废除 。
the analyzing of the dragon image can make people feel interested , because dragon is an image that has a close relation with traditional chinese culture .	龙形象的分析可以使人们感到兴趣 , 因为龙是一个与传统中国文化相关的图像 。
it’s is the age old battle ; good versus evil , arrogance versus humility , handsome versus , well not so handsome .	这是年龄的战斗 ; 善良的邪恶 , 邪恶 , 勇气 , 谦卑 , 帅气 , 不如此帅气 。
in europa are similar suitable locations for elf transmitters , to be found in areas covered by the baltic and the caledonian shields .	在欧洲 , 同样适合电子传输器的地方 , 被平衡和卡利昂盾牌覆盖的地区发现 。
the sun was shining gloriously , so karen and the old lady went along the footpath through the corn , where it was rather dusty .	太阳光亮亮 , 所以卡伦和老太太太阳沿着玉米走去 , 在那里却相当责任 。
in addition to paying for fuel and wearandtear on a fleet vehicle , the plumbing shop needs to cover the time spent traveling to my home .	除了支付燃料和磨损的车辆外 , 还需要把时间花到我的家里 。
in places where fragile governments cannot assist us and health infrastructure is nonexistent , fighting the poliovirus is costly .	在那里 , 脆弱的政府不能帮助我们和健康基础设施是非存在的 , 战斗政治病毒的成本 。
he spoke as pickup trucks loaded with fighters headed to the front and the thud of mortar shells was heard at twominute intervals .	他说 , 随着采购卡车负载着战斗机头到前面 , 摩特壳的学生听到了两分钟的时间 。
" when i first saw al pacino in the film , i , for the first time in my life , thought that i wanted to be like another person , " he recalled .	" 当我第一次在电影中看到阿尔帕奇诺 , 我第一次在我的生活中 , 认为我想像另一个人 , " 他回忆道 。
tarim basin is a huge superposed basin composed of paleozoic cratonic basin and mesocenozoic foreland basin .	塔里姆盆地是由古生代盆地组成的一个巨大的超叠盆地 。
background: clusterin has many biological functions , especially the great protection effects on histiocytes in pathological conditions .	背景:集群素有许多生物功能 , 尤其是对病理条件下组织细胞的保护作用 。
chatting on line , students can express their feelings and opinions more freely , and even get help with their foreign language studies .	聊天线上 , 学生可以更加自由地表达自己的感觉和意见 , 甚至还能帮助外语学习 。
the second argument is that , even if it never came to war , taiwanwould still be an obstacle to better sinoamerican relations .	第二个论点是 , 即使它从来没有到战争 , 台湾人仍然是更好的中美关系的障碍 。
the problem is , i have never worked in an office setting and i'm not sure how to go about learning etiquette , how to speak appropriately , etc .	问题是 , 我从来没有在办公室工作 , 我不确定如何去学习礼仪 , 如何适当地讲话等 。
secondly , it proves the academic feasibility of wrh by establishing mathematical model and using the method of comparative analysis .	其次 , 利用比较分析方法 , 证明了wrh的学术可行性 , 建立了数学模型 , 利用比较分析方法 。
how to become hostages escape , agent after school also pay special attention to training " spy " and " videotape likes agent .	如何成为主机的逃离 , 学校后的代理还专注于培训 " spy " 和 " 视频类似代理 。
in this paper , a company formed through a mcgs one to more than mode of remote monitoring network for monitoring the work of the satellite transmitter .	本文通过一个远程监控网络的mcgs , 通过一个远程监控网络来监控卫星传输器的工作 。
mr . garcía fumes . he would like to see the bankers he considers responsible for the country’s problems taxed and prosecuted .	加里卡先生说: " 他想看看银行家 , 他想为国家税收和采购的问题负责 。 "
romans8:32 he who did not spare his own son , but gave him up for us all how will he not also , along with him , graciously give us all things ?	罗马斯8:32他没有自己的儿子 , 可是给我们一切都是怎样的 , 和他一起 , 给我们所有的事情吗 ?
in practical terms , the west bank has been increasingly separated from east jerusalem , which is still the most populous palestinian city .	在实际上 , 西岸已经逐渐从东耶路撒冷分离 , 这仍然是巴勒斯坦最受欢迎的城市 。
and catch my second software raid article , in which we'll take a look at some more advanced software raid functionality and raid1 .	然后抓住第二个软件raid文章 , 我们将采取更多先进的软件raid1 。
daily a voice would sound in his head , and his mind's voice would respond with an answer , while he labored at his endless task .	每天一次声音会在他的头上听起来 , 他的心灵的声音会与回答 , 同时他在无穷的任务上劳动 。
the present petroleum exploration has trended from structural reservoirs to lithologic and stratigraphic reservoirs .	目前石油勘探已从构造储层向岩性和岩性储层趋势向趋势 。
for example , the meridian pertaining to the kidney is named the kidney meridian , and the rest may be deduced by analogy .	例如 , 肾上皮带的梅迪亚在肾脏中被命名为肾脏meridian , 其余的部分可能由模拟而产生 。
outside of beaujolais this variety hasn't been very successful but it is cultivated in the loire valley and california .	除了本品种外 , 本品种并没有成功 , 但在洛伊谷和加利福尼亚州培养了它 。
david took the philistine's head and brought it to jerusalem , and he put the philistine's weapons in his own tent .	大卫拿着哲学家的头 , 把它带到耶路撒冷 , 他把哲学家的武器放在自己的帐篷里 。
the algorithm satisfies the needs of the new character nc machining technique that generates the tool path by the character skeleton .	该算法满足了基于字符卡尔顿生成工具路径的新特性nc加工技术的需求 。
if such sale was effected without cent by the trustor , and the trusteetrader made up the deficiency on its own , it is binding on the trustor .	如果这样的销售是没有中心的 , 那么信任的交易员在自己身上制造的缺陷 , 就会绑定在车辆上 。
although data is sent synchronously , the protocol provides for resending messages lost during network transmission .	尽管数据同步发送 , 但协议提供在网络传输过程中丢失的消息 。
when the temperature condition is favourable but soil water content is low , the development process is prolonged , and the survival rate is decreased .	当温度条件优越时 , 土壤水含量低 , 开发过程延长 , 生存率降低 。
the physiological state of a vessel is the state of loading physiological pressure in vivo and the zerostress state in vitro .	血管生理状态是血管负载生理压力和体外零应力状态的状态 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowd was busy at handshaking .	轻视葡萄酒 , 高雅混合香槟 , 笑着面包的笑着 , 人群在手休闲 。
to the extent that state subsidies are cut and privatisation increases , more work often devolves on people who must do that work without pay .	对于国家补贴的程度来说 , 削减和私有化的增加 , 更多的工作往往会导致那些没有薪酬的人 。
come back ? " the gold xiao xiao suddenly asks a , the tone is cold , but takes the idea of forcing for several pence . "	回来吗 ? " 金小晓突然问一下 , 钱是冷的 , 却采取了几个要求的想法 。
clearly determined to look his best , the well turnedout mammal spent a long time carefully checking the rest of his fur for any dirt .	清楚地确定要看他的最好 , 好转身的哺乳动物花了很长时间仔细的时间来检查他的剩余的食物 。
modern paintings were impressed by the variety of painting and performance of the various kinds of methods in chinese painting found in the selfexpression .	现代绘画在自我表达中发现的各种方法的绘画品种和性能等方面受到印象的影响 。
last week , the government published online information and leaflets aimed at persuading pregnant women to have the vaccine .	上周 , 政府发布了网上信息和叶片 , 旨在说服怀孕妇有疫苗 。
what legal obligations do aggregators of foaf information have under the dataprotection law in the jurisdiction under which they operate ?	foaf信息的法律义务是否在法律上进行数据保护法律 , 他们在哪里运行哪些法律保护 ?
we spread the blankets inside , and ate our dinner there . soon it got dark and began to rain . the wind blew hard , too .	我们在那里传播毯子 , 吃我们的晚餐 , 很快就会有黑色 , 风吹得很难 。
most analysis for rock slope stability have dealt with singlefaced slopes with a planar surface of a constant strike .	大多数岩坡稳定性分析 , 用常数冲击的平面表面处理了单面滑坡 。
the oxfordeducated bachelor was sworn in during an ancient buddhist ritual in a palace overlooking the thimphu valley .	在古老的佛教仪式中 , 牛津教育的巴切尔在一座宫殿上悬挂着imphu谷 。
the program also introduced occasional mutationsand randomness , on the off chance that one of them might produce an accidentalgenius .	这个程序还介绍了偶尔突变和随机性 , 在其中一个可能产生意外性的机会上 , 这个程序还引入了偶然突变和随机性 。
stirfried noodle:put it in boiling water until the hard core is vanished , then stirfrying with meat pieces or eggs .	搅拌的面条:把它放在锅水中 , 直到硬核心消失 , 然后用肉片或蛋搅拌 。
the atime is the last access time of a file , and each time a file is accessed , the underlying file system must record this timestamp .	目标是文件的最后一个访问时间 , 每次访问文件 , 下文件系统必须记录这个时间戳 。
meanwhile , high temperature zones reduced gradually until fire extinguishments along with the vaporization of water mists .	与此同时 , 高温区逐渐降低 , 直到随着水污染的变化而消防排放 。
while this type of unauthorized computer intrusion is clearly against the law , the fight against ratting is a challenge .	虽然这类未授权的计算机侵入明显反对法律 , 但反对大鼠的战斗是挑战 。
the higher the proportion of stateowned shares , the fewer the financing bounds , the smaller the influence of the cash flow on investment .	国有股票的比例越来越多 , 融资界越少 , 现金流量对投资的影响越小 。
" i propose that we undertake a joint review of nato's and russia's common threats and challenges , " he said .	他说: " 我建议我们承认北约和俄罗斯共同威胁和挑战的联合审查 。 "
after hydrolytic lactalbumin was added into media , the vitrified seedlings reduced , but the contamination rate was always very high .	加入水解乳蛋白后 , 粘性种子减少 , 但污染率总是很高 。
these hydrolysates yielded the meaty flavoring necessary to make these rapidcooking soups , meaty and so enticing .	这些水解产生了肉类香味的必要性 , 使这些快餐汤 , 肉类 , 如此激励 。
recommended dishes include hakka style brewed bean curd , steamed egg with shrimp , and shrimp dumpling .	推荐的菜肴包括哈卡风格酿造豆类 , 蒸煮蛋 , 虾子和虾饺 。
frequency downshift and upshift of microwaves reflected by laserinduced plasma were detected in the experiments .	研究了激光诱导等离子体反射微波反射的频率下移和转移 。
rubbish collectors are following behind the procession picking up discarded bottles , bound to be making a big fortune today .	rubish收藏者在今天正在采取废弃的瓶子后面追踪 , 绑定要做一个巨大的财富 。
please accept my sincerely congratulations on your success . i hope letters reporting greater success arrive thick and fast !	请接受我诚挚的祝贺 , 祝贺您的成功 , 我希望信报告更大的成功和快 !
in beijing, up to 150 police were posted along roads around the zhongnanhai leadership compound in beijing last night .	在北京 , 北京大约有150名警察在上晚上北京市中南海领导化合物道路上发布 。
yes , that's a memorable scene in one of my favorite movies , called gorillas in the mist , based on a true story of mrs .	是的 , 这是我最喜欢的电影中的一个可记忆的场景 , 叫gorillas , 基于一个真正的故事 。
this equipment is extensive to used for food processing plant , food warehouse etc . unit tidies up to go to miscellaneous .	本设备广泛用于食品加工厂、食品仓库等 。 单位倾向于错误 。
founded in1540 , campeche was frequently sacked by buccaneers in the17th century . population , 128 , 434 .	成立于1540年 , 摄像机经常被17世纪的buccaneers吸收 。 人口128 , 434 。
the implementation and application of the technology have accumulated experiences for constructing oil and gas storages in other area in our country .	本技术的实施和应用已经积累了我国其他地区建设油气储存的经验 。
chapter four analyzes the characteristics of university faculty assessment mechanism in jiangsu since the new century .	第四章从新世纪以来江苏大学教育评价机制的特点分析 。
the other names of this dog are chinese pug , dutch bulldog , dutch mastiff , mini mastiff and its country of origin is china .	这条狗的另一个名字是中国的药物 , 荷兰大豆 , 荷兰大豆 , 米兰大豆 , 来自中国 。
a new singlecore and doublewinding magnetic field sensor prepared from cobased amorphous ribbon was studied .	研究了一种新型的单核和双重磁场传感器 , 制备了基于基于基于无形肋骨的磁场传感器 。
let’s admit it—the economy in america is still terrible and it is incredibly difficult to find a job nowadays .	让我们承认 , 美国经济仍然是可怕的 , 而且现在很难找到工作的困难 。
ltg cross flow quench airconditioning and its control method were introduced . some modifying opinions on the existing problems were put forward .	介绍了ltg交叉空调控制方法及其控制方法 , 提出了对现有问题的修改意见 。
the research objects of this thesis are underachievers in junior high school . the research starts by studying underachievers'psychological problems .	本论文的研究对象是在高中学中实现的 , 研究成就者心理问题的研究开始 。
objective:to investigate the relationship of " dysfunction of the spleen in transport " with gastrointestinal enterocrine cells .	目的:探讨 " 脾功能不足 " 与胃肠肠肠细胞的关系 。
some consumers buy organically grown foods because they believe the products are healthier , tastier and better for the environment .	一些消费者购买有机增长食品 , 因为他们相信产品是健康、味道更好的环境 。
in this work the dynamic response of an fpso to slamming loads in extreme waves was studied by experimental method .	在此基础上 , 采用实验方法研究了一种fpso对极端波中滑动荷载的动态响应 。
worldwide data losses now represent us$40 billion in losses to affected companies and individuals each year , dewalt says .	德沃尔说 , 世界范围的数据损失现在代表我们每年损失了40亿美元的损失 , 以影响企业和个人 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowed was busy at handshaking .	轻视葡萄酒 , 高雅混合香港 , 笑着面包的笑着 , 人群在手上忙碌 。
the different population structures of abies yuanbaoshanensis in different associations reflected the process of succession of community .	在不同协会中 , 不同人口结构的不同反映了社区的成功过程 。
as it is appeared in the log , that getname method signature is not matching to the wsdl or application servergenerated mapping xml .	由于它在日志中出现 , getname方法签名不匹配wsdl或应用服务器生成映射xml 。
the application data section contains the actual data sent from one program to another , and its content and structure are defined by the applications that use it .	应用数据部分包含从一个程序发送到另一个程序的实际数据 , 其内容和结构被使用它的应用程序定义 。
east region and nka controlled pw% very well and keep it within year target and also achieve or over 100% ytd gs target !	东部地区和nka控制的pw%很好 , 保持它的目标 , 同时也达到100%的ytdgs目标 !
we need to be mind and body becoming one if the mind can be into the inside of a cell and can penetrate the membrane of a cell intentionally .	我们需要心灵和身体 , 如果心脏可以进入细胞内 , 才能有意渗透细胞的膜 。
brucellosis in sera of 710 samples of milk goats was detected by the application of spa elisa in comparison with sat and cft .	通过对比sat和cft的应用 , 对710例牛奶肉样本进行比较 , 检测了白细胞凋亡 。
the effect of inkwash in oriental paintings , and its use of lines for spatial delineation are augmented in this work to gain new philosophy .	介绍了墨水在东方绘画中的作用 , 以及利用空间描绘的线条 , 提高了新哲学的应用 。
they may point down to your shoe and say , “your shoelace is untied . ” if you believe them and look down to see , you are an april fool then .	他们可能会指着你的鞋子 , 说: " 你们的鞋子是不错的 。 " 如果你相信他们 , 看着 , 你是四月的愚蠢 。
she compulsively or inadvertently places herself at the apex of triangulated relationships and fails to see the pain she causes in the process .	她抱怨或不愿意地把自己放在三角关系的指标上 , 并且不能看到她在过程中的痛苦 。
conclusion: the main activity of phospholipids on phospholipids complex is to promote the absorption of the cell .	结论:磷磷脂复合物的主要活性是促进细胞吸收 。
cognition software engineering is a subject of application and theory , which needs both high technology and lots of experience from jobs .	认知软件工程是应用和理论的一个课题 , 需要高技术和大量的经验来自工作的经验 。
confidence and arrogance is little different , but there are worlds apart . in particular , i hope i can instead of selfsufficiency .	信心和傲慢是不一样的 , 但世界范围内 , 特别是 , 我希望我能代替自我不足 。
this year the weak economic has admission's officer's nervous that some families may not be able to paid for colleges as planed .	今年疲弱的经济承认 , 一些家庭可能不能为大学付费 。
the officers open the trunk of their patrol car and pull out what looks like a toy model aircraft with four rotors and a video camera .	警察打开了他们的巡逻车的车辆 , 然后把看起来像一个玩具模型飞机和一个视频摄像机 。
cherubic and deceptively guileless , she used " humour as a dodge , intimacy as a smoke screen " , ms salomon notes .	她用 " 幽默 " 作为一种吸烟屏幕 , 作为slomon注释道 。
the miser overheard this . he rushed out and shouted angrily at the servant , " who gave you permission to make promises for me ? "	这个错误听到了这一点 。 他在仆人的仆人喊道: " 谁允许给我承诺吗 ? "
dee , sam , ellie linda and ian have promised , if necessary , to carry me on board the balloon . i cannot miss this .	死亡 , 萨姆 , 艾莉·林达和伊恩承诺 , 如果需要 , 要是把我带在球上 。 我不能错过这个 。
" if sex is something quite different from love , as you seem to say , then is there any necessity at all to do anything about sex ? " asked the young man .	" 如果性爱是很不同的东西 , 就像你似乎说的那样 , 那么所有人都有必要的事情 ? " 年轻人问道 。
i made clear to her how laughable would have been the waywardness of english spelling but for the tragic compulsion we were under to cram it for our examinations .	我清楚她如何笑容 , 是英语拼写的道路 , 但对于我们考试的悲剧抱怨 , 却因为我们的考试 。
check out what your daughter is reading or watching and discuss it with her . encourage her to talk about and question what she's seen or heard .	检查你的女儿在阅读或观察 , 并与她讨论它 。 鼓励她谈论和问她所见的事情 。
follow the documents work as per national filing regulations and shanghai regulations , to classify , rank and identify documents .	按照文件工作 , 作为每个国家文件规定和上海规范 , 分类、排名和识别文件 。
often impulsive , occasionally overeager , danny had to learn to be patient before he could become skilled in the ways of the long con .	经常受到冲击 , 偶尔过多 , 丹尼必须学习患者 , 在长期的途径下 , 他就能成为病人 。
the tense man sitting in the pilot's seat swung the plane into the wind and soon they were in the air , though flying erratically .	紧张的男人坐在飞行员的座椅上 , 飞机撞进了风中 , 很快他们在空中飞行 , 尽管飞行严重 。
for long time china paid attention mainly to small leaf tea and neglected the large leaf ones , the tea output and export have decreased day by day .	长期以来 , 中国主要注意小叶茶 , 忽视了大叶子 , 茶叶输出和出口日益减少 。
in the long long night of endless , much like they have a sweet dream , even if the moment of quiet sleep , but can not do , which is insomnia .	在长久的夜里 , 很像他们有一个甜美的梦想 , 即使是安静的睡眠时刻 , 却不能做 , 这是失眠的 。
" all this is leading to a lot of bitterness , " said sheikh manzoor ahmed , editor of an indian urdu news agency .	印度urdu新闻机构编辑sheikhmanzohmed说: " 所有这些都导致了很多苦难 。 "
bachelor degree in biochemistry , biology , medicine , or related science with minimum of 5 years of related experience .	生物化学、生物学、药物学和相关科学 , 最少有5年的相关经验 。
conclusion:the method is a little damage , bleeding . it is a safe and handy method during thyroidectomy for manifest thyroid .	结论:该方法是一种小损害、血液 , 是甲状腺切除术期胸腺切除术的安全和手术方法 。
they may also reside on the world wide web , which is the mediarich component of the international communication network known as the internet .	他们也许还可以在世界范围内留下 , 这是国际通信网络的媒体成分 。
the implementing of transmission line nonsetting protection based on twoterminal information and singleterminal information are included in the paper .	介绍了基于双端信息和单端信息的传输线非传输保护的实现方法 。
he lives a simple and fragul life . he is indifferent to money and lust . he always missed dining time because of his work .	他生活了一个简单又脆弱的生活 , 他对钱和幸运有差别 , 他总是因为他的工作而失去了晚餐时间 。
last year , san francisco's board of governors passed a local law banning the use of the chemical in children's products .	去年 , 圣弗朗西斯科州长董事会通过当地法律禁止在儿童产品中使用化学品 。
therefore , luo yin is a late tang not allow to neglect writer , its poem obvious region has by the tang to song transition trace .	因此 , 罗阴是一个晚唐不允许忽视作家 , 它的诗歌明显地区由唐传统的歌曲 。
chelsea was reminded of our roots on monday when sue mears , the great granddaughter of the club's founder paid us a visit .	切尔西星期一被提醒我们的根本 , 当苏格耳时 , 俱乐部创始人支付我们一次访问的伟大祖父 。
but see , this is just exactly what's wrong with the whole system the nursing home doctors unload this gomer on us because they're unable to treat him...	但看来 , 这只是正确的错误 , 整个系统的护理医生在我们身上卸下这位高盛 , 因为他们不能处理他...
objective to evaluate the rodenticide control efficacy of diphacinena salt for a test field and bromadiolone for b test field in camping area .	目的评价二磷酸盐在营地b试验领域的耐药防治效果 。
the greater the wind , for the first time this year , wrapped up in the wind to hear the mournful whistle , dry leaves a crowded fall .	今年第一次 , 风更大的 , 今年第一次 , 在风中包裹起来 , 听到了烟雾 , 干燥的叶子 。
hughes promised to continue to build the “shared connections” that bring together people who want to live in peace and freedom .	胡格希斯承诺继续建立 " 羞辱连接 " , 这使得人们共同希望生活在和平和自由 " 的人 。
for china , at this time , the national revolution was going on among warlords . the actions of imperialism in china were no longer unfettered .	对于中国来说 , 国民革命正在战争中 , 中国的帝国主义行动不再是不够的 。
today , i have slept for 14 hours . i thought i was very tired . it was time for dinner . i must go ! i am very hungry .	今天 , 我睡了14小时 , 我觉得我很累了 。 晚餐时间很累 , 我必须去 ! 我很饿 。
a leading statesman and presidential aspirant , clay's political intuition earned him the nickname " the great compromiser . "	一个领先的州长和总统阿司匹特 , 克莱的政治直觉获得了他 " 伟大的批评者 " 。
witch : i know what do you want to do , you're a silly girl . however , my dear , i can help you so that your dream can come true .	巫师:我知道你想做什么 , 你是个愚蠢的女孩 。 然而 , 我亲爱的 , 我能帮助你们的梦想来真的 。
thirdly , treatment of spoken and written examples of the most common words is obviously unbalanced in ldoce3 .	第三 , 在ldoce3中 , 最常见的单词的处理和写实例明显不平衡 。
whenever i took the 7 train from flushing , i was always trying to interpret the chinese characters on the newspaper people reading beside me .	每当我从流水中采取7列车时 , 我总是试图解释中国人物在报纸旁阅读的中国字符 。
while the worst of the price drops appear to be over , home values nationwide are expected to show tiny gains if any throughout 2010 .	虽然最糟糕的价格下跌似乎已经结束了 , 但在2010年的任何情况下 , 家庭价值都预计在全国范围内显示小的收益 。
if wordofmouth proves effective , american express could engage in viral marketing campaigns designed to create " buzz " .	如果词汇证明了有效的话 , 美国表达可以在设计 " buzz " 的病毒营销活动中进行 。
lionel messi is " playing a kickabout with jesus " but must not make the wrong choices , diego maradona said today .	今天 , 迪戈·马拉多纳说 , 狮子梅西是 " 与耶稣玩耍 " , 但不要做错误的选择 。
if you want to change the name of a samba server to something other than the unix name of the server , use the netbios name parameter .	如果您希望更改sammba服务器的名称 , 将其它名称转换为服务器的名称 , 则使用网络名称参数 。
the new ipod nano , starting at $149 , comes with an fm receiver and pedometer in addition to the builtin video camera .	新的ipodnano , 开始于149美元 , 还有一个fm接收器和pedometer , 除了建立视频摄像机 。
but swedish newspapers have suggested that the birds had been pecking at salt on the road when they were run over by a passing lorry .	然而瑞典报纸已经建议 , 鸟儿在路上被一辆过去的耶和华跑过的时候 , 正在吃盐 。
to measure any physiological differences , researchers euthanized certain individuals from each group to study their brain tissues .	为了测量生理差异 , 研究人员从每个组中取得了某些个人来研究脑组织 。
the english language was first written in the anglosaxon futhorc runic alphabet , in use from the 5th century .	英语首先在第五世纪使用的英语语语语言是第一部在anglosaxonuthorc语言中写的 。
and we have a shared obligation to ensure that the federal courts have enough judges to hear those cases and deliver timely rulings .	我们有共享的义务 , 确保联邦法院有足够的法官听到这些案件和交付时间规则 。
the visitors' center and the museum provide information about the history of the culture of the ancient pueblo people and about presentday indians .	游客中心和博物馆提供了关于古代普通人民文化史和今天印度人民文化史的信息 。
its emperor dances to the tune of a halfvandal general , its powerless senators idle on vast , poorlymanaged estates .	它的皇帝舞蹈是半民族总体的tune , 它的无力参议员在巨大的、贫穷管理的房地产 。
the total mk and type 4 mk levels in both central veins and peripheral arteries rose significantly during cpb .	中枢静脉和周围动脉总mk和类型4mk水平均在cpb期间显著上升 。
it is a very special pleasure for me to have this occasion to publicly express my deep admiration and appreciation for grigori perelman .	对于我来说 , 这是一个非常特殊的快乐 , 让我公开表达我的深刻的赞赏和欣赏 。
other helpful steps include asking for help from others , using humor , learning to be assertive , and practicing problem solving and time management .	其他有帮助的步骤包括帮助别人 , 使用幽默 , 学习是保证性的 , 实践问题解决和时间管理 。
" this bill misses the mark because it unavoidably leads to higher energy costs for businesses and consumers , " says harman .	哈曼说: " 这项法案错过标志 , 因为它不可避免导致商业和消费者的能源成本更高 。 "
see <wasce_home>/var/directory/server . xml for the configuration properties used by the directory server .	查看<wascehome>/var/目录/服务器.xml为目录服务器使用的配置属性 。
try it out next time you need to drive your car . cover your left nostril with your thumb and breathe only through your right nostril for one minute .	下次尝试下次你需要驱动你的车 , 把左鼻子覆盖在拇指上 , 然后再呼吸一分钟 。
the accident taught them two lessons , they say . no matter how safe the ship , the most mundane human error can sink it .	事故教他们两个教训 , 他们说 , 无论船是如何安全的 , 最多的人类错误可以犯罪的 。
the report a month ago was that second quarter growth was even slower than sharply revised forecasts , coming in at only 2 . 4% .	据报道 , 一个月前 , 第二季度的增长速度比较快速修复预测 , 只有2.4% 。
customer value need will appear netlike in the future and companies should play the role as both agent and integrator of customer value...	客户价值需要在未来和公司中出现网络 , 应当作为客户价值的代理和集成者 。
a cup or plate that , according to medieval legend , was used by jesus at the last supper and that later became the object of many .	根据中世纪传奇的杯子或盘子 , 被耶稣在最后的供应商使用 , 后来成为许多对象 。
in the end , i send them out with a long shopping list , set the timer on my phone to go off in ten minutes and drag colin upstairs .	最后 , 我把他们送出一个长期购物名单 , 把时间放在电话上十分钟 , 拖着彩色上楼 。
anyway , offyear in ah , wish the family is in this year , we can health more happiness of life together is good , not too right , all right .	无论如何 , 在ah , 希望家庭在今年 , 我们可以一起健康生活的幸福是好的 , 不对的 , 不对的 , 都是对的 。
mr aliev told msnbc: " we really can hide objects . . . . we can switch for a short moment and make it disappear .	艾利夫先生告诉msnbc: " 我们真的可以隐藏对象 。 我们可以在短时间内开关 , 使它消失 。
one of the unique characters in the implementation of russian ecology law is that russian ecosocial groups play a major role .	俄罗斯生态法实施的独特特特特色之一是俄罗斯生态组织扮演重要角色 。
the data was statistically analyzed using frequencies , means , reliability , and gap theory with spss 15 . 0 and excel 2003 .	利用频率、手段、可靠性和差距理论 , 统计分析了sps15.0和2003的空间理论 。
singer celine dion is suing a us supermarket tabloid for $20m over a report which claimed she was pregnant with twins .	在一份报告中 , 歌手戴昂正在为2000万美元的美国超市塔布布布布洛德在一份报告中宣称她是怀孕的双胞胎 。
and he would not move until he was sure his men were ready . mcclellan's plan was to put his army on boats in the potomac river .	直到他确保他的男人准备好了 , 麦克莱兰的计划是把他的军队放在波特马克河上 。
for power distributing , a power scaling plan has been given for this specific a/d converter , achieving good tradeoff between power , area and performance .	对于电力分布 , 给出了一个特定的a/d转换器 , 实现了电力、区域和性能良好的贸易 。
in music teaching , case teaching can be infiltrated into theory teaching and combined with the practice of music class teaching .	在音乐教学中 , 案例教学可以被渗入理论教学 , 结合音乐类教学的实践 。
this is why the ireland coffee cup is more heatproof than general glass cup , and have the linear reason in color in two golds .	这是为什么爱尔兰咖啡杯比普通玻璃杯更加热量 , 而且在两个金色中有线性原因 。
these sweeteners are considered safe in moderation so talk with your health care provider about how much nonnutritive sweetener is acceptable during pregnancy .	这些甜菜是安全的 , 所以与您的健康保健供应商谈论在怀孕期间有多少非营养性甜菜 。
results:it could prevent iatrogenic tumorcell spreading and local seeding through the nontumor technique cooperation at operation strictly .	结果:通过严格的非肿瘤技术合作 , 可以防止血管肿瘤细胞传播和局部种子 。
the paper presented a plan of twodimensional servo four color pattern identification , and its boundary treatment techniques , wh .	本文提出了一种双维伺服四色模式识别的方案 , 并对其边界处理技术进行了研究 。
a joint sourcechannel decoding scheme implemented by simultaneously decoding and updating parameters based on hmm is proposed .	提出了一种基于hmm的同时解决和更新参数的联合源通道解码方案 。
several activators were investigated and evaluated to substitute uop's activator act1 used in benfield process for co2 removal .	研究了几个激活器 , 评估了uop在nfield过程中应用于co2移除过程中的活化器行为1 。
so far as " badila " planted in summer was concerned , the number of effective stem and yield were not markedly related to the sowing norm .	迄今为止 " 巴迪拉 " 种植于夏天 , 有效干旱和产量数量与草坪规范无关 。
like " romance of three kingdoms " in the liu bei , the original selling straw sandals , but later to organize the uprising conquer .	就像 " 三国 " 的浪漫 " 在刘北 , 原来卖草沙滩 , 但后来组织上升的结果 。
chaban electronics ltd is a foreign buyer from israel , need to purchase products of telecommunications etc . categories .	chban电子有限公司是以色列买家 , 需要购买产品类别包括:电信等 。
we have overcompensated for the lack of customer focus in traditional methodologies—by giving control of prioritization to the product owner/manager .	因此 , 在传统的方法学中 , 我们已经完成了缺乏客户的缺乏 , 因此 , 为了对产品所有者/经理进行优先化控制 。
when both pieces were finished , arachne saw , to her surprise , that she had been beaten , for the goddess ' design was infinitely superior .	当两件作品完成时 , 阿拉奇看到了她惊讶的时候 , 她被打败了 , 因为上帝的设计是无限优势的 。
the silts dredged from ocean , lake and river always have different clay contents which lead to different strength of solidified silts .	由海洋、湖泊和河流淹没的土壤含量一直有不同的粘土含量 , 导致不同的土壤强度 。
provincial health department as requested in the provincewide establish and improve maternal and child aids prevention and control system block .	省卫生部要求建立 , 提高妇女和儿童艾滋病防治体系 。
professional: a member of national pest control association of america and china mouse and sanitary pest damage prevention and control association .	专业:全国森林控制协会成员 , 美国和中国小鼠和卫生虫害预防和控制协会 。
'juhuanao' and 'nanjing yeju' are potential parents in chrysanthemum breeding for small inflorescences .	" 庄园 " 和 " 南京玉 " 是基督教育小花卉的潜在父母 。
in some cases the salesclerks had just sold the students a pair of shoes — in which they might well have a genuine smile of satisfaction .	在某些情况下 , 销售员刚出售了一对鞋子 , 他们可能有一个真正的笑容 。
the main work and achievements are listed as follows:1 ) selfturnoff pulsewidth modulation for oled grayscale controlling .	主要工作和成就列为以下:1 ) ) 自旋流脉冲宽度调制旧灰度控制 。
made the supplementation , incorporation , modification and necessary deletion of the tabular forms for technical document of construction completion .	为建设完成技术文档的技术文档提供补充、配置、修改和必要删除 。
" the only one with the power to unify the party that has grown hugely is ozawa , " said democratic party lawmaker akihisa nagashima .	民主党议员阿基萨·纳加希玛说: " 唯一一个与国际党联合起来的权力是奥扎瓦 。 "
that is , 30hour chunks of data which require a search of a spindown parameter as well as sky position . but nothing is set in stone .	这就是 , 30小时的数据 , 需要搜索脊柱参数和天空位置的搜索 , 但没有在石头上设置 。
it is unforecasted to know a series of consequences the greenhouse effects may bring about , but the socalled benefits are little to count .	未能预测到一系列温室效应可能带来关注 , 但所谓的利益却小于数量 。
systemicfunctional linguistics and psycholinguistics are considered as two greatly influential linguistic theories in the twentieth century .	二十世纪 , 系统功能语言学和心理学作为二十世纪的两大影响语言理论 。
lannes was speaking on saturday at a conference on luxury goods organized by the china europe international business school in shanghai .	上海中国国际商学院举办的一次会议上 , 兰尼斯星期六在上海举办的一次会议上发表讲话 。
and jesus , immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him , turned him about in the press , and said , who touched my clothes ?	耶稣 , 立刻知道自己的美德已经离开了他 , 把他转到新闻里 , 说 , 谁触摸我的衣服呢 ?
" baitullah mehsud is now taking on the americans , " said talat masood , a retired pakistani general turned analyst .	" 巴特拉·梅哈斯现在正在美国人采取 , " 一名退休的巴基斯坦分析师talatmaood说 。
one of the principles of access to nutrients can not make zengpang food , prunes , raisins , and other worthy when this task .	营养成分的一种途径之一 , 不能使ngpang食品 , 橡胶 , 雨水等价值 。
" we just need to stress that to people who drink and drive can really cause a lot of heartaches for families and we need to stop that , " said woodridge .	伍德里奇说: " 我们只需要强调那些饮料和驱动的人才能真正造成很多家庭的心脏障碍 , 我们需要停止这种心脏 。 "
speaking to reporters , mr . obama said he would devote new energy to diplomacy and other nonmilitary aspects of u . s . global power .	奥巴马对记者说 , 奥巴马先生说 , 他将把新能源脱离外交和其他非军事方面的美国全球电力 。
the inspiration to china is to pay attention to role of strategic oil reserve , to increase exploration input and pluralize the oil impo...	中国的灵感是关注战略油藏的作用 , 增加勘探输入 , 增加了油藏的进展 。
it is characterized by extracapsular invasion , metastasis to the cervical lymph nodes or distant organs and histopathological atypia .	它是由额外侵袭、转移到宫颈淋巴节点或远端组织学和组织病理学缺陷的特点 。
the frasnian is a critical time interval for understanding paleodiversity variation before the devonian frasnianfamennian mass extinction event .	佛兰尼亚是理解巴勒多样性变化的关键时间间隔 , 在德文尼亚frasnanananananananananananananiansinging事件之前 , 人们对于理解巴勒多样性变化来说是一个重要的时间间隔 。
this paper first introduced the concept of the teacherstudent interaction and the basic characteristics of the interaction between teachers and students about to find out .	本文首先介绍了教师互动的概念及教师互动的基本特点 , 探讨教师与学生互动的基本特点 。
such cellar recognition events are common to cancer , allergy , viral infection , inflammation , and autoimmune disease .	这种细胞识别事件常见于癌症、过敏、病毒感染、炎症和自身免疫病 。
canfield , c . ed . report of the lst international ecocity conference , urban ecology and cerro gordo town forum . 1990 .	1990年 , 加菲尔德 , 《洛斯国际社会会议》报道 , 城市生态学和克罗戈多市论坛》 。
my parents and me begin to have breakfast in the " pudong " airport after we meet with leader of this journey . we take photo with all accompaniers .	我的父母和我开始在这次旅行的领导人会见 " 浦东 " 机场的早餐 , 我们和所有陪伴者一起照片 。
the index is a value between 0 and 100 , where 100 indicates a lightly loaded server , and 0 is a heavily loaded server .	指数是0和100之间的一个值 , 其中100指示了一个轻型负载服务器 , 0是重载服务器 。
the effects of recasting on the cv were compared , through directly calculating the castability values of each generation of non ? precious ceramic alloy .	通过直接计算各代非均匀陶瓷合金的稳定性值 , 比较了cv的恢复效果 。
theoretical analysis and numerical result showed that bifuselage layout was in advantage of single one in view of structure .	理论分析和数值结果表明 , 单支架布局优于结构的单支架 。
the natural tightly connection between chaos and fracture is due to the infinite similarities of strange attractor of chaotic dynamic system .	混沌与裂缝之间的自然紧密连接是由于混沌动力学系统奇异吸引器的无限相似性 。
in addition , it still needs longer follow up to evaluate whether adjuvant chemotherapy can take the place of postoperative radiotherapy .	此外 , 它仍然需要更长的遵循化疗是否可以采取术后放射疗法的地方 。
castles and crown golden ...wood and hermit thrush , a type of " bird , " more " than " any program on the horizon retraining .	城堡和棕色金牌...wood和草坪冲刷 , 一种 " 鸟类 " 、 " 超过 " 任何项目在水平限制的任何项目 。
the company has importexport trade right , and can provide the overall solution of ship automation system and information system for users at home and abroad and corresponding product .	本公司拥有进口贸易权 , 可为国内外和国内外用户提供船舶自动化系统的总体解决方案 。
this same problem has been seen in the disputes where the propagation ministry of the central government would be made under the executive yuan jurisdiction .	同样的问题是 , 中央政府的传播部将在执行官元审判下制定的同样问题 。
a great festival would be held , called the yuletide , and a special feast would be served around a fire burning with the yule log .	一个伟大的节日将被举行 , 称为uletetide , 一个特殊的节日将被送到燃烧的玉利日志上 。
this article is the first in a series that will take an updated look at wordnet 2 . 0 and how it can be used with xml and rdf technology .	本文是第一系列将采取更新的视图2.0 , 以及如何使用xml和rdf技术 。
and it was a welcome break for lakers fans , whose defending twotime champions stumbled into the weekend with three losses in a row .	这是湖人球迷的欢迎 , 他在周末的两场比赛中保卫了两场比赛 , 三场失败 。
or at least that's the case according to a majority of americans and britons polled in a new survey by language app babbel .	至少 , 根据大多数美国人和英国人在语言应用babbel调查的一项新调查 , 至少这是这个案例 。
there are some who will try to pervert this precedent and use xenophobia or nativist arguments to say that every country should be held to the same standard .	有些人会试图把这个前提转换 , 使用xenophobia或海军主义论点说每个国家都应该举行同样的标准 。
for example , if a build suite of 8 , 000 automated test cases generates 600 failures , are you realistically able to handle this ?	例如 , 如果建立了8 , 000个自动测试案例生成600个失败 , 您实际上能处理这个问题吗 ?
such collaborators could hardly claim a substantial share of the authorship but they would have welldefined tasks , not interfering with other men's work .	这样的合作伙伴几乎不能说明当局的实质份额 , 但他们将有良好的任务 , 不会干扰其他男性的工作 。
when liberty goes too far and the voice of social equality arises in the social reality , the system can and should tilts in favor of equality ;	当自由太远的时候 , 社会平等的声音在社会现实中出现时 , 系统可以和平等倾斜 ;
decanter also noted that china is already moët’s biggest market for its hennessy cognac , and that the champagne market on the mainland is growing each year .	丁格还注意到 , 中国已经为其亨利认可的最大的市场 , 而且每年的香槟市场正在增长 。
the best of america's skaters beamed for the camera . mostly young , they laughed and giggled , their eyes dancing with excitement .	最好的美国滑雪者为摄像机拍摄 , 大多数年轻人笑着笑着 , 他们的眼睛跳舞着 。
it became ever more elaborate and expensive during the postwar boom when big companies ruled the roost and when international competition was muted .	随着大公司规定了屋顶和国际竞争时 , 国际竞争变得越来越多的阐述和昂贵 。
strangely , since then the world’s banks and news organisations have not rushed to rummage through dustmen’s economic forecasts .	奇怪的是 , 自从那时 , 世界银行和新闻组织没有通过尘土经济预测来抵押贷款 。
as with divisions , there are many user initiated events , such as when a user clicks or double clicks within a tag's display space .	正如与部门一样 , 有许多用户启动的事件 , 例如当用户单击或双击标签显示空间内的显示空间中 。
because cheapy chinese goods are more profitable for the major retailers to handle , they have tended to overemphasize these lower priced items in their promotions .	由于中国廉价的商品对主要零售商来处理 , 他们倾向于超过这些低价的推广项目的价格 。
entry to the official stand and stand of honour is therefore controlled at designated pel events by accreditation and tickets jointly and not separately .	进入官方的立场和立场 , 因此 , 通过接受和票票合作 , 控制了被指定的pel事件 。
infectious agents present in stools of infected persons are transmitted to uninfected persons through contaminated food or water that is ingested by mouth .	感染药物在感染者的存储中出现感染者 , 通过污染的食物或水来传染不受感染的人 。
jr: we have not looked in detail to any other platform yet , but we are sure there are more platforms , applications and sites vulnerable to the same attack .	杰:我们还没有查找其他平台的细节 , 但是我们确保有更多平台、应用程序和网站可同样攻击 。
main problems in the reform of the state owned enterprises lie in the sluggishness of the reform of banking system and in the stagnancy of the development of securities market .	国有企业改革的主要问题在于银行制度改革的缓慢性和证券市场的稳定性 。
it is the neocivilization view that the core is seeking common ground while reserving differences , peaceful coexistence , codevelopment .	它是新的文明视图 , 核心正在寻求共同的区别 , 和平共存 , 代码开发 。
music and literature have the characteristic of an exchange in function either in the respect of the choice of the theme or in the forming of artistic structure .	音乐和文学具有交流功能的特点 , 在艺术结构的选择或形成过程中 , 都有交流的特点 。
this article proposes the risk recognition featurefactor modeling technology , which is set up on the basis of checklist and flow chart .	本文提出了基于检查列表和流程图的风险识别特征模型技术 , 建立了检查列表和流程图的基础 。
fasteners at locations connecting panelstostiles shall utilize throughbolted , stainless steel , pinin head torx sex bolt fasteners .	连接面板的位置的密封应当通过无锈钢、无锈钢、钢铁、钢铁弹头弹性螺栓紧固 。
in the teaching of probability and statistics , the parameters estimation of linear regression is given by the method of the extremum of function .	在概率和统计的教学中 , 提出了线性回归的参数估计方法 , 利用函数极限的方法给出了线性回归的参数 。
petty revenges are causing too many deaths of innocents . the culprits are blinded by hatred , they don't think about the consequences .	宠物收入太多的无辜死亡 , 公民被仇恨盲目 , 他们不认为后果 。
during wei and jin dynasties , the activities of chinese and foreign buddhist limited to the point and the line , lacking of largescale spread .	在魏晋时期 , 中国和外国佛教活动限制到点和线条 , 缺乏大规模传播 。
the sheet of water is healthy , it comes from heaven in the first place and next from the earth ; the sheet of air is unhealthy , it comes from the sewer .	水的表面是健康的 , 它来自第一个地球和下一个地球的天空 , 空气的表面是不健康的 , 它来自缝纫 。
the razor spam filter provides a serverbased service where you can report spam so that other more users can benefit from your identifying the email as spam .	razorspam滤波器提供一个基于服务器的服务器服务 , 您可以报告spam , 以便其他用户可以从你的邮件中获益 。
i personally don’t enjoy wearing music because i enjoy running , but it is hard for me to be confident because i have only done a 5 mile race .	我个人不喜欢穿着音乐 , 因为我喜欢跑步 , 但我很难为我信心 , 因为我只有5英里的比赛 。
the internet was not a popular hunting ground except in portugal , where about half the surveyed men and women opted to find people online .	除了在葡萄牙的葡萄牙 , 网上并没有一个受欢迎的猎物地 , 大约有一半被调查的男性和女性选择在线找到人们 。
this paper explores the characteristics of translation clause in the domains of space , possession and property from the perspective of conceptual frame .	本文从概念框架的角度探讨了翻译句在空间领域的特点 , 占有和性能的特点 。
ripe and polished , a supple red with raspberry and chocolate flavors , finishing with plum and spice , lingering effortlessly .	成熟和抛光 , 一个充满青莓和巧克力的红色的红色 , 与许多和香料完成 , 无法努力 。
you may feel frustrated with the seemingly slow progress you're making in life . remember that god is never in a hurry , but he is always on time .	你可能会感到沮丧 , 似乎慢慢的进步 , 记得上帝永远不在匆忙 , 但他总是在时间 。
for most of us , and especially those of us who have long lists of people who expect us to be back in touch with them , we need “kaizen” programs of our own .	对于大多数人来说 , 尤其是那些希望我们能够和他们一起回来的人 , 我们需要 " 公民 " 的程序 。
since the letizia scandal , berlusconi has also been fending off accusations of cavorting with escorts who were paid to attend his parties .	贝卢斯康尼自信西亚丑闻以来 , 同时也一直在与那些参加他的党的scorts指责相关 。
not only had sophie witnessed the fullblown ritual , but her own grandfather had been the celebrant... the grand master of the priory of sion .	不仅有苏菲见证了全吹的仪式 , 而且她自己的祖父却是著名的...女王的祖父 。
though the holt strategy was smart and johnson was willing to fight it out as old versus new , there were two problems with holts approach .	虽然霍尔特战略是聪明的 , 约翰逊愿意把它当作旧版本新版 , 但有两个问题与霍尔夫法相结合 。
no to mention cutting off from internet game , even my most hardworking and boring friends , they were complaining and had been trying to log in their msn .	不要提到互联网游戏 , 甚至我最艰苦的朋友 , 他们正在抱怨并试图在他们的msn登录 。
the flame normalizing treatments were put forward on steel rail with flash welding , gas pressure welding and aluminium heat welding .	提出了燃烧正常处理方法 , 采用闪光焊接、气压焊接和铝焊接 , 提出了燃烧正常处理方法 。
however , before he could finish the feet , another man finished and grabbed the jar from him , saying , " who has ever seen a snake with feet ? "	然而 , 在他能完成脚之前 , 另一个人从他那里抓住爵士 , 说: " 谁曾经看过一只蛇吗 ? "
of a decidedly philosophical bent , it does best in areas where planning , theorizing , reorganization and preparation play a primary role .	在一个决定的哲学品牌中 , 它在规划、理论、重组和准备方面做出了最好的作用 。
we end up in an endless cycle of spending and debt and working more and more , and end up with lives filled with goods but empty of meaning and happiness .	我们终于在无穷的支出和债务的无穷周期 , 工作越来越多 , 终止生活充满了货物的空间 , 但意义和幸福的空间 。
additionally , websphere everyplace access provides a solution for the occasionallyconnected portal user through access to offline portlets .	另外 , webspherhereace访问提供了一个偶尔连接的门户端用户的解决方案 。
there are several hundred english verbs that can introduce a reporting clause and a classification of them is made by logical and semantic criteria .	有几百个英语动词 , 可以引入报告条款 , 以及逻辑和语义标准的分类 。
dr white looked at the records of 8 , 000 people dating back to the 1970s who had all had their iq measured at the ages of five and ten .	白医生看了8 , 000人回到了世纪70年代 , 他们的iq测量了5岁和十岁 。
to have any hope of success , olpc recognizes it needs to get away from the goitalone model that characterized the manufacture of the xo machine .	为了拥有任何希望的成功 , olpc识别它需要从xo机器的目标模型中获得远离目标模型 。
you must bind a view to this control before you can edit the view . doubleclick the view control to select an existing view or create a new one .	您必须在编辑视图之前绑定一个视图 , 双击视图控制来选择现有视图或创建新的视图 。
dwdm technology has been widely used in longdistance communications , but its high system cost has greatly limited its application into metro area networks .	dwdm技术已广泛应用于长期的通信中 , 但它的高系统成本大限制了其应用程序 。
you can implement this solution in the memorybased object cache and by sharing objects on certain servers across the whole cluster .	您可以在基于内存的对象缓存中实现这个解决方案 , 并通过在整个集群中共享对象共享对象 。
in a lan using a bus topology , a segment is a continuous electrical circuit that is often connected to other such segments with repeaters .	在使用总线拓扑的lan中 , 一个段是一个连续电路 , 通常与重复器连接的其他部分 。
one of the senior sisters of , maiev shadowsong , had already shown her competence in guarding illidan before he was brought to trial .	马蒂夫·影森森的一位高级妹之一 , 已经显示了她的竞争力 , 在他带来试验之前 , 伊利丹的竞争力 。
when obama was a candidate for president in 2008 , he promised to " take [china] to the mat " on the issues of trade and currency .	当奥巴马是2008年奥巴马总统候选人时 , 他承诺 " 采取 " 马上贸易和货币问题 。
with increase of one of the perturbation frequencies , the number of the spectral regions and its variation will be different for different dispersion regimes .	随着流动频率的增加 , 光谱区域数量的增加 , 其变化对不同的分散政策有着不同的差异 。
do your best every time you pick up your instrument or open your mouth–it’s all about building on good habits and communicating with your peeps .	每次你每次拿起你的仪器或打开你的嘴巴 , 都是建立良好的习惯和沟通你的嘴巴 。
goaldirected action is a basic trait of biology , which is also an important standard for identifying whether the entity is alive .	目标导向的行为是生物学的基本特征 , 也是确定实体是否活着 。
" our interest is that things go back where they were before after olympics , " vuylsteke says . " otherwise this will have an impact on business plans . "	沃伊尔斯特克说: " 我们的兴趣是 , 他们在奥运之前回到哪里 , " 否则这对商业计划有影响 。 "
the xi'an quality and technical supervision bureau coined an english name for the burger in order to further promote the food .	西安的质量和技术监督局为了进一步促进食品进一步促进了英语名字 。
the british council's global campaign to raise awareness about climate change and the energy challenges facing the world's cities .	英国委员会的全球竞选对气候变化和面临世界城市能源挑战的认识 。
google's technology requires a little forethought from the merchant , but seems simple and safe in its execution .	google的技术要求从商人中小量的想法 , 但看起来很简单且安全 。
the steel frames resist lateral loads applied in the short direction while diagonal bracing stabilizes the building longitudinally .	钢框架抗边载荷在短方向上应用 , 横向承载稳定了建筑长期 。
exhibited in the historical exhibition zone on the eastern side are mostly objects illustrating the glorious progress of china's railway ;	在东方的历史展览区 , 主要是对象吸引中国铁路的光明进展 ;
hope this piece of information is of importance to your health in relation to eating instant noodles and please apply this cooking method with immediate effect .	希望这样的信息对您的健康有重要意义 , 与您的健康相关 , 请立即使用这种烹饪方法 。
but in the process of the industrialization management of rivercrab seedling growth industry , there are certain problems need to solve quickly .	但在工业化管理过程中 , 江拉种子生长产业的管理过程中 , 有一定的问题需要迅速解决 。
this paper analysed the main reasons that influence the performance of cyclinder head , valve and valve seat in internal combustion engine .	本文分析了影响环柱头、阀门、阀座在内燃发动机中的性能的主要原因 。
the volunteers were informed that the alt key was faulty , and that if it was pressed the computer would crash and all the experimental data would be lost .	志愿者被告知 , alt关键是错误的 , 如果压力计算机会崩溃 , 所有实验数据都会失去 。
the loss of performance is mainly caused by the cutoff plug , the roundtosquare thruster chamber and the opened base of plug .	性能损失主要是由cutof插件引起的 , 圆方推力室和开放的插件基础 。
for he pant isocracy ruled by america , u . s . makes great efforts to increase the " exporting democracy " strategy .	对于美国来说 , 美国的支持分配规则 , 使美国的 " 出口民主 " 策略有很大的努力 。
and america's catholic bishops only last week announced they were finally going to get serious about opposing the death penalty .	上周 , 美国的天主派只有上周宣布他们最终会对死刑的严重反对 。
liliane la fleur: directing a movie is a very overrated job , we all know it . you just have to say yes or no . what else do you do ? nothing .	莉莉莉安·拉弗尔:导演一部电影是一份非常严肃的工作 , 我们都知道它 , 你只是要说的 , 还是别的 , 你做什么呢 ?
the object of this thesis is to study the uniqueness problems of meromorphic functions and meromorphic mappings in several complex variables .	本论文的目的是研究几种复杂变量的变形函数和变形映射的独特性问题 。
hemodynamically stable supraventricular arrhythmias may be treated conservatively with observation and discontinuation of digoxin .	血液动力稳定性超声心动力灌注法可保证观察和不断扩张digoxin的观察 。
khaki tote bags and metallic suede clutch bags appeal to you , since you want your accessories to be as eclectic as you are .	自从你想要你的配件作为电泳时 , 哈基托袋和金属套装袋就像你一样 。
you must add the plugins for websphere application server community edition by clicking the link labeled don't see your server listed ?	您必须添加websphereapplicationserver社区版本的插件吗 ?
catalytic activity of six inorganic salts in the esterification of acetic acid with isoamyl alcohol was studied .	研究了六种有机盐的催化活性 , 用isoamyl醇对乙酸酯化过程中的六种有机盐的催化活性 。
objective to investigate the therapeutic outcomes of anemia by means of invigorating the kidney , reinforcing spleen and generating blood .	目的探讨急性肾脏、加强脾脏、生血的疗效 。
the adjoint variable method for design sensitivity analysis of multibody system dynamics based on ordinary differential equations is presented .	提出了基于普通差分方程的多体系统动力学的设计灵敏度分析方法 。
a scanner of holes in cgi is implemented in multithread technology . its scan speed is very quick and holes are easily extended .	在多线程技术中实现一个孔扫描仪 , 扫描速度很快 , 孔容易扩展 。
the overtly sexual nature of the body compels the viewer into the position of voyeur , only to reveal itself as an inanimate object .	身体的过度性质 , 使观众进入了voyeur的位置 , 只能揭示自己作为inimate对象 。
acording to the point of views of principle of equivalence theory , the translated brand names should achieve a perfect linguistic u...	根据等价理论原则的角度 , 翻译的品牌名称应该实现完美的语言学 。
if the output stream was stdout , and if it was not redirected to a file or a pipe , the selected pages will appear on the screen .	如果输出流是stdout , 如果没有修改到一个文件或管道 , 那么选择的页面就会出现在屏幕上 。
probe configurations for circumferential , longitudinal and mid wall defects . also for thickness verification and couplant monitoring .	探讨环境偏差、纵向和中间墙缺陷的概念配置 , 也为厚度验证和辅助监测提供了依据 。
without opel , gm’s promises to build a fleet of smaller and more fuelefficient cars in north america would lack conviction .	没有opel , gm承诺在北美建立一个小型的汽车 , 更多的燃料充足的汽车将缺乏信服 。
ab process is used in zibo city wastewater treatment plant to treat municipal wastewater in which more than 80 percent is industrial wastewater .	利用zibo市废水处理厂废水处理工艺 , 处理城市废水 , 其中80%以上是工业废水 。
agrees equally well with red meat dishes , blue fish and harder cheeses , and as a dessert , especially with chocolate cake .	同意红肉菜 , 蓝鱼和硬奶酪 , 作为甜点 , 尤其是巧克力蛋糕 。
this comprehensive resource includes an international panel of contributors who are leading academics and practitioners in the field .	这一综合资源包括在领域领导学术和实践者的国际支持者的国际支持者 。
he drank deep from the vapors that welled from the font , learning to blend his spirit with the potency that flowed from far beneath the house ;	他喝深深的蒸汽 , 学习把自己的精神与远处流动的房子的能力混合在一起 ;
the review of the nation’s nuclear policy is the first since 2001 and the third since the end of the cold war two decades ago .	自2001年以来 , 国家核政策的评论是自2001年以来第三次 , 冷战结束以来第三次 。
the individuals involved in this campaign are not only scientifically uninformed , but show absolutely no interest in becoming better informed .	这个活动中涉及的个人不仅是科学上未知的 , 而且无论如何更好地显示出兴趣 。
the selfdeveloped light oil reforming catalyst has well performed in hydrogen production and has substituted the import ones completely at home .	自开发的光油改造催化剂在氢生产中得到了良好的作用 , 并在家里取代了进口工具 。
i'm sure everyone here joins me in wishing you two , sessyoumaru and kikyou , the very best that life has to offer you in your marriage .	我肯定每个人都在这里加入我希望你两个 , 塞欧拉和基基玉 , 最好的生活必须在你的婚姻中提供你 。
it can be distributed on several client machines and is able to simulate thousands of virtual users concurrently in various scenarios .	它可以分布在几个客户机上 , 并且能够在各种场景中同时模拟成千上万的虚拟用户 。
the vibrated fluidized bed has been used widely in the chemical industry , metallurgy and food industry for drying particle material .	振动流化床已广泛应用于化工、冶金和食品工业 , 干燥粒子材料 。
because we've recognized this trend early , we can redistribute our resources to sharpen our focus on criticalpath activities .	因为我们早期认识到这一趋势 , 我们可以重新分配我们的资源来缩小关键路径活动的焦点 。
live life in a constant state of awareness , with peaceful thoughts , a dash of forcefulness , and a good measure of faith and spirituality .	生活在不断的意识状态下 , 和平的思想 , 一种力量 , 以及信仰和精神的良措施 。
objective to analyze the clinical characteristics and to appraise the diagnostic criteria and surgical methods of glossopharyngeal neuralgia .	目的分析血管神经障碍的临床特点及诊断标准及手术方法 。
most cases were in obvious regional assembled distribution , the cases in northern towns accounted for 78 . 51% of total cases .	大多数病例都在明显的区域组装分布中 , 占总病例的78.51% 。
the householders celebrate it jointly suspending all their business , agricultural and commercial activities for the time being .	家庭持有者庆祝他们的业务、农业和商业活动的共同支持 。
with continuous product upgrades , implementation of multifiber blended idea , cotton spinning enterprises growing fiber to create value .	随着连续的产品升级 , 多纤维混合思想的实现 , 棉纺企业增长纤维创造价值 。
overall , 53 per cent of the french people believe mr sarkozy makes " a good president " , compared to 41 per cent in may .	总体来说 , 53%的法国人相信萨科齐先生做了 " 好总统 " , 与5月份的41%相比 。
resourcehouse said it would supply 30m tons of coal a year to the chinese company , at a price of about $3b a year , starting from about 2014 .	资源库表示 , 每年将为中国公司提供30万吨煤炭 , 每年大约3亿美元 , 从2014年开始 。
this personal development strategy and tips section offers great suggestions on how to change your behaviour , learn new skills and change personality traits .	这个个人开发策略和提示部分对如何改变行为 , 学习新的技能和改变个性特点提出了很大的建议 。
resizes a data handle based on the data structure of an argument that you pass to the cin . this function does not set the array dimension field .	将数据处理基于您传递到cin的参数的数据结构 , 这个函数不会设置阵列维度字段 。
amazon web services , which rents computing capacity in its giant data centres to customers , has also won a reputation for being cheap .	amazonweb服务 , 租借大型数据中心的计算能力 , 还赢得了一个值得廉价的声誉 。
the pro version obviously offers more features than the free version and frostwire claims to be the free version of limewire pro .	程序版本显然提供了比自由版本更多的功能 , 霜冻声称是limewirep的免费版本 。
furthermore , kdd cup99 data set is implemented to evaluate the proposed method . the results show the outstanding performance of the proposed method .	此外 , 实现了kdcup99数据集的数据集 , 评价了该方法的最佳性能 。
kristin was one of those vivacious teens who loved jesus and lived for him—and whose sudden death leaves us with a million questions .	克里斯汀是那些爱耶稣和华的青少年之一 , 为他生命 , 突然死亡让我们留下了数百万的问题 。
it is enough to make us feel good . after outsourcing work and torture . after the marriage agencies are now outsourcing even our love life , daily .	这足以让我们感觉很好 。 在外包工作和耐火之后 , 婚姻机构现在正在外包 , 甚至我们的爱生活 , 日常 。
also last year , the financial times acquired moneymedia , an online provider of news for fund managers that charges a subscription fee .	去年 , 金融时报收购了金融时报 , 网上新闻经理 , 负责订阅费 。
you might start waking up earlier to get used to your new schedule or plan a trip to the new museum exhibit you've been hoping to catch .	您可能早些时候开始醒来 , 用来获取新的计划或计划向新博物馆展览的旅行 , 希望接触 。
ms min q crane , do you really want to marry jennifer ? crane people answer jennifer will be the saviour of our thai jiang group .	小qrane先生 , 你真的想娶珍妮弗 ? 克莱恩人回答珍妮弗将是我们的泰国江集团的救生 。
than shwe is expected to meet with president hu jintao , premier wen jiabao and other senior chinese officials during his fiveday visit .	希望与胡锦涛总统、温家宝总理和其他高级官员在五天访问期间会见 。
ym: when i was young , i watched a lot of hakim olajuwon play , charles barkley , of course michael jordan .	ym:当我年轻时 , 我看到了很多哈基姆奥拉杰文的戏剧 , 查尔斯·巴克利 , 当然迈克尔·约旦 。
this is how one leaves behind fear based thoughtform and integrates the unity based thoughtform associated with the language of light .	这是一种基于恐惧的思想形式背后的叶子 , 集成了与光的语言相关的统一思想形式 。
perfectly eatable fruit and vegetable crops often fail to reach supermarkets due to their size or physical appearance .	完美食用水果和蔬菜作物经常不能达到超市 , 因为它们的尺寸或物理外观 。
the project will utilize the powerbuoy technology ocean power technologies which consists of modular , oceangoing buoys .	该项目将利用电源购买技术 , 包括模块、海洋购买的技术 。
the theory of cooperative learning which is applied in english reading class in high school can change the traditional teachercentered teaching type .	高中英语阅读课的合作学习理论可以改变传统教学类型 。
additionally , the stamp was released in 1980 , a particularly lucky 'golden monkey' year that only occurs once every 60 years .	另外 , 1980年 , 这个邮票在1980年发布 , 特别幸运的 " 格兰登猴 " 年仅发生了60年 。
however , if the list is twodimensional , then you often want to " unpack " the contents of each nested list as it is iterated . you could do that like so	然而 , 如果列表是二维 , 那么你经常想 " 不包 " 的内容 , 就像迭代的那样 , 就可以做到这样的事情 。
this measure can not only ensure the safe and rapid withdrawal of powered support from the face , but also largely reduce the removal cost of the face .	这种措施不仅能保证脸部的安全和快速的支持 , 而且大部分减少了脸部的消除费用 。
first , procedures were completed in a highvolume hospital by experienced surgeons specializing in total joint arthroplasty .	首先 , 通过经验的外科医生专业化 , 完成高容量医院的程序 。
for me , marketing works for society when the marketer and consumer are both aware of what's happening and are both satisfied with the ultimate outcome .	对于我来说 , 当市场商和消费者的市场营销工作都意识到发生的事情 , 两者都满足了最终结果 。
from the early days of popular use of the internet , the rallying cry was that cyberspace was the new frontier , subject to no law .	从网络早期使用的网络 , 网络哭泣是网络空间是新的前沿 , 没有法律 。
but this expiation did not satisfy two sainted women , madame courtin , marquise de boucs , and the comtesse de chateauvieux .	但是这次表现并没有满足两个圣女 , 马达·库尔丁 , 马奎斯·德波克斯 , 还有委员会dechatuviex 。
china also being a member of it , has made many basic laws plus separate law , administration laws and local laws and rules and so on .	中国也是一个成员 , 使许多基本法律加以独立法律、政府法律和地方法律等 。
first , full disclosure: i'm not what you would call a heavy user of locationbased social networking services . i have no mayorships .	首先 , 全部披露:我不知道你会叫一个基于地点的社交网络服务的重用户 , 我没有市长 。
an icelisa for detecting fumonisin b2 of maizena was developed by using the coating antigen of ovafb2 and competitive antigen of fb2 .	利用ovafb2的涂层抗原和fb2的竞争抗原 , 研制了一种用于大麦b2b2b2的冰激素b2的检测方法 。
so learn your first word , " lekker " [le'ka] , adj . meaning " good/nice " for anythings from food to girls .	所以学习你的第一句话 , " 莱克纳 " [le'ka] , adj.意味着 " 好/漂亮 " 为任何从食物到女孩的任何东西 。
he is best known for his confrontational go no go project on migration in europe , for which he received the visa d'or and the care award .	他是欧洲移民的最好的球员 , 因为他接受了签证dor和护理奖项 。
the result shows that the two processes had characters of good applicability for water quality during high algaeladen and good treatment efficiency , low cost as well .	结果表明 , 两种工艺具有较好的应用性能 , 具有较好的水质和良好的处理效率、成本低等特点 。
four patients with lung cancer had negative findings on 18ffdg coincidence images but showed positive serum markers .	肺癌的4例患者在18fdg综合症患者中有负面的发现 , 但显示阳性血清标志 。
softtothetouch fabric and powerful compression meet chic design and thoughtful details for stylish shaping you'll want to wear every day .	软触摸面料和强大的压缩满足了chic设计和思想细节 , 每天都要穿上风格的细节 。
and you’ll need to follow the rather formal dress code of the period no trainers , no jeans , and gents , wear a jacket and tie .	而且你需要遵循时期的正式服装代码 , 没有训练员 , 没有牛仔裤 , 穿一套夹克和衬衫 。
this should help your jobhunting prospects , for you will be able to get a side job if you need one or develop more business for your company , with better fees , too .	这应该帮助您的工作预期 , 因为您可以获得一个侧面工作 , 如果您需要一个或开发更多的业务 , 更好的费用 , 还有更好的 。
addin china's lack of male educators and the book has a strong argument: chinese boys are developing in a predominately female environment .	加入中国男教育者缺乏男性教育者和书籍有着强烈的争论:中国男孩在一个初期的女性环境中正在发展 。
the algorithm is applied to the docking of several simple model molecules and the docking between the benzamidine and hiv 1 protease .	该算法适用于几种简单的模拟分子和苯胺和hiv1蛋白酶之间的锁定 。
one in five managers also said being kept awake at night meant they were more likely to make mistakes , the mori poll of 1 , 006 people revealed .	五名经理还表示 , 晚上五个经理仍然醒来 , 意味着他们更有可能制造错误 , 摩里的调查显示了1 , 006人 。
why , the doctor told me this morning that your chances for getting well real soon were let's see exactly what he said he said the chances were ten to one !	为什么今天早上 , 医生告诉我 , 你的机会很快才能得到真实的机会 , 让我们看到他所说的机会是十个 !
each call gets its own activation record , so each time it is called the variables get their own storage space within that activation record .	每个调用都得到自己的活动记录 , 所以每次调用变量来获取自己的存储空间 。
on 13 june , donors pledged more than $4 billion to support the work of gavi , an amount that exceeded anyone’s wildest dreams .	13年6月 , 捐赠者承诺超过4亿美元支持加维的工作 , 超过任何人最荒诞的梦想 。
businessman gary vaynerchuk used his knowledge of wine to create the successful wine library tv , a daily video blog show about wine .	商人加里·瓦纳赫克用他的知识创造了成功的葡萄酒图书馆电视 , 日常视频博客展示了酒 。
once a week a man named gary , mr . calver 's cheeseturner , comes in and turns it to redistribute the moisture within .	一周 , 一位名叫加里的男人 , 卡尔维先生的奶酪家 , 来到了 , 然后再把水分重新分配在水里 。
but we would need space rockets using techonology from scifi series star trek to help us reach hospitable planets orbiting other stars .	但是我们需要空间火箭 , 利用科幻系列星轮来帮助我们达到可供应的星球轨道 。
" getting a credit card if you have bad credit is harder than it used to be , " says odysseas papadimitrou . " but they are still available .	" 如果你有不好信用的话 , 就会获得信用卡 , " 奥德西亚帕迪米罗说 , " 但是他们仍然可以用 。 "
i love thee with testosterone receptors deep in my hypothalamus . i love thee with dopamine that floods my primitive lizard brain .	我喜欢与睾酮受体在我的假设中深处深处 , 我喜欢与多巴胺水淹没我的原始蜥蜴脑的多巴胺 。
next time you take a pojo and slap on an annotation to turn it into an ejb , you can give a little thanks to the openejb team .	下次 , 您需要一个pojo并且在注释上滑动 , 将它转换成ejb , 您可以给openejb团队带来一点感谢 。
people decide to become a vegetarian for many reasons . some common motivators include the environment , animal rights , and health .	人们决定成为许多原因的蔬菜家 , 一些常见的动机包括环境、动物权利和健康 。
china’s coal mines certainly kill 2 , 0003 , 000 workers a year , and coalsmogged air there and elsewhere kills many more .	中国煤矿每年一定会杀死2 , 003万3万名工人 , 煤烟在那里 , 其他地方还有其他地方杀死了很多 。
the majority of research on memory is focused , as you might expect , on the remembering side of things how much , how accurate and so on .	大多数关于内存的研究重点集中在于您期望的时候 , 记住内存的一面 , 如何准确等等 。
as routine displaces novelty , we may be tempted to shift our attention to someone new and taste again the thrill of romantic love .	正如通常的消失小说一样 , 我们可能试图把注意力转移到某人新鲜的爱情 , 再次尝试再次感到浪漫的爱情 。
for example , it's common to set an alias , which expands to 'ls l' , for a long listing of a directory or list of files .	例如 , 它是一个常见的设置alias , 它扩展到 " l " , 对于一个目录或列表文件 。
“the biggest challenge is getting this unregulated and unorganized system under a single umbrella for providing universal access , ” says duggal .	杜格尔说: " 最大的挑战是在单个umbrella提供普遍访问的单个umbrella下获得这个不规则的系统 。 "
the diesel engine emissions aftertreatment has received a lot of attentions with increasingly stringent emission standards for diesel engines .	柴油发动机排放后处理已经接受了很多关注柴油机的严格排放标准 。
in this view of fat necrosis at high magnification , some lipidladen macrophages are seen between the necrotic adipose tissue cells .	在高磁化的脂肪坏死视图中 , 一些脂肪体宏观图像在神经脂肪脂肪组织细胞之间被看到 。
the main types of soil degradation were of poor nutrients , poor microorganism , bad structure , basification and heavy drought .	土壤降解的主要类型较差 , 营养差 , 微生物差 , 结构坏 , 基础和重药 。
method:through takes the ligamentum interspinalia and the intervertebral disc overhang in 56 surgery the pathology observations were analyzed .	方法:对56例手术中56例椎间盘悬挂术后56例病理观察的椎间盘进行分析 。
u . s . secretary of state hillary clinton on saturday called the north's provocations and statements 'deeply regrettable . '	星期六 , 美国国务卿希拉里·克林顿称北方的宣誓和声明 " 深刻遗憾 " 。
if you pay with debit card at certain shops you can take an additional sum from your account at no extra charge . this is often called " cashback " .	如果你在某些商店支付债务卡 , 你可以从账户额外收费额外收费额外收费 , 这通常叫做 " 现金回报 " 。
pigeons scatter as a man walks home after offering prayers at a nearby temple at bashantapur durbar square in kathmandu .	皮吉隆斯·斯卡特作为一个男人走回家 , 在喀斯曼德乌附近的寺庙附近祈祷祷的祈祷者 。
seedorf then went into the book for a late challenge on martins . although the rossoneri continued to look the more dangerous side coming forward .	随后 , 塞多夫去了马丁斯的一本晚期挑战 , 虽然罗斯尼里继续向前看看更危险的一面 。
the fitted line in the figure is a 3rddegree polynomial , but any sort of smoothing would tell you that there is a massive upward trend .	图中配置的线是一个3rd度多项式 , 但是任何类型的顺利都会告诉你 , 有大量上升趋势 。
if a firm wants to place a bet on falling interest rates , for example , it can simply have its marketmaking unit build up its inventory of bonds .	例如 , 如果一家公司希望把利率放在下跌利率上 , 它就可以简单地有它的市场单元建立其债券库存 。
from " big haven is an old strategy " angle , discussed become the value that makes strong fuzhou harbor greatly and necessity .	从 " 大型 " 是一个旧战略 " 角度 , 讨论成为福州港的价值 , 大大而必要性 。
you acknowledge and agree that you can enjoy member benefits upon payment of the annual fee for membership and relevant facilities fee .	您承认 , 同意 , 您可以享受每年费用支付成员和相关设施费用的年费用 。
about onethird of basketball shoes are actually purchased to play basketball in , according to industry analyst marshal cohen .	根据工业分析师马什尔·科恩说 , 大约三分之一的篮球鞋子实际上购买篮球 。
mike hulme , a climate policy expert at the university of east anglia in norwich , uk , says that social effects are also unpredictable .	英国东anglia大学的气候政策专家麦克·赫尔梅说 , 英国的社会效应也不可预测 。
fangsheng bridge is the longest , largest and tallest stone bridge , with five openings both in zhujiajiao and in the shanghai region .	长城桥是上海地区最长、最高、最高的石桥 , 上海地区五大开放 。
besides the difference that popularizes degree , definitive inadequacy also is to restrict pay treasure copyist people one big handicap .	除了流行程度的差异外 , 定义不平等也是限制支付宝贵的副本主义者一个巨大的手工ap 。
the new overhaul of financial regulation did nothing to address the companies , even though they played a central role in inflating the housing bubble .	金融监管的新兴过度并没有解决公司 , 尽管他们发挥了一个中央的作用 , 但他们也没有什么地方来解决该公司 。
luis suarez has been charged by the fa following the onfield spat with patrice evra during united's 11 draw at anfield last month .	路易斯苏雷兹在上个月在安菲尔德的11图中被联合国evra拍摄 。
somehow our path took us toward the park , across the footbridge high above the rolling waters of the los angeles river . ( n . rigg .	有些人在洛杉矶河上滚动的水面上 , 我们的路上带着我们走向公园 , 穿越了在洛杉矶河上高的脚桥 。
the manchester united man missed euro 2004 after missing the test in september 2003 , and it is an episode that clearly still rankles with the player .	2003年9月 , 曼联人失踪欧洲2004年9月的测试 , 是一个明显的球员 。
in the other part , the improvement of dissolubility of sulfadiazine and aspirin entericcoated tablet is studied with surfactant as modifier .	另一部分 , 用改性剂作为改性剂 , 研究了硫酸盐和阿司匹林进口片的不溶性提高 。
the effects of moca /e ratio and amount of the fillers on the physical properties and the heat air ageing of the pu elastomer were discussed .	讨论了摩卡/e比对填料物物理性能的影响及pu弹性剂热空气年龄的影响 。
the calculated results show that the limit values of axial compression ratio of src columns are generally % higher than those of rc columns .	计算结果表明 , src柱轴向压缩比的限值通常高于rc柱的有限值 。
to organize the general administration sponsored fights against counterfeit and defective products and other illegal activities at origin ;	组织一般行政赞助反馈和缺陷产品和其他非法行为 ;
the result shows that the leopoldwolman relationship cannot discriminate channel patterns well when both gravel and sandbed rivers are considered .	结果表明 , 当地面和砂层河两岸时 , 叶拉多尔夫人关系不能辨别渠道模式良好 。
examples of common devices that are poorly designed ergonomically include the snow shovel and the computer or typewriter keyboard .	通用设备的例子 , 优于设计的错误 , 包括雪鞋和计算机或类型的密钥板 。
from the current situation , the european development of civilparty government is likely to once again successfully break through the barrier .	从当前的情况来看 , 欧洲政府的发展可能会再次突破这个障碍 。
the method adopts horse liver tissues as raw materials to prepare dry acetone powder of horse liver alcohol dehydrogenase ;	该方法采用马肝组织作为原材料制备马酒精脱氢酶的干乙酮粉 ;
a transparent conductive ito antireflection layer is generated on a top layer of the amorphous silicon thin film subbattery .	利用非晶硅薄膜子电池的顶层生成了一种透明导体ito反射层 。
most entrepreneurs are passionate about a particular market or technology , and putting a sales hat on does not come naturally to them . that is okay .	大多数企业家都热情关于特定的市场或技术 , 把销售帽子放在不自然的情况下 , 这是好的 。
to be responsible for the guidance of local energy development plans , connecting the production development of local energy with the balance of supply and demand ;	负责当地能源开发计划的指导 , 连接当地能源的生产发展 , 供应和需求的平衡 ;
knowledge and practice about iodine deficiency disorders among pregnant women , housewives , and pupils in changning district , shanghai ;	上海市妇女、家庭妇女和学生对碘缺陷的知识和实践 , 上海市长城市的学生 ;
methods 74 cases had changes in ambiens cisterna proved by ct scan , we analysed the changes and studied its correlation with prognosis .	方法采用ct扫描对74例患者进行ct扫描证实 , 研究其与预后相关性 。
enter ${user_install_root}\etc\wssecurity\samples\encsender . jceks in the keystore path field .	输入$userinstallroot}\etc\etwsecurity\sample\ender.jceks在关键存储路径领域 。
objective to assess the application value of wholebody bone scintigraphy in diagnosis and staging of langerhans cell histiocytosis in infants .	目的评价全体骨科学在喉癌细胞组织组织学中的应用价值 , 探讨喉癌患者的诊断和阶段 。
after a preshift meeting and an oath ceremony where the 10member squad of miners vow to ensure safety , he changes into his work overalls .	经过一次压力会议和一个oath仪式之后 , 10个成员投票人员平方向保证安全 , 他整体改变了工作 。
ollila said microsoft had not been the only option for nokia and noted many companies had showed their interest in cooperating with the finnish mobile phone maker .	奥利拉说 , 微软没有成为诺基亚唯一选择 , 许多公司已经显示了与芬兰手机制造商合作的兴趣 。
what intrigues many astronomers , however , is the circumnuclear ring around the galaxy center visible just outside the central bar .	然而 , 很多天文学家 , 是星系中心周围的循环环环 , 只有在中央酒吧外面的可见性 。
in germplasm evaluation studies of pinellia ternate , the assaying methods of extractives and total alkaloid are established .	建立了pinelasm评价方法 , 建立了提取剂和总碱的评价方法 。
last month , a u . s . bankruptcy judge allowed lehman to pump cash into the two banks to avoid a seizure by regulators .	上个月 , 美国银行破产法官允许雷曼将现金投入两家银行 , 以避免监管机构的严厉性 。
methods analgesic effect of two different concentrations of cinobufagin injection was observed in mice by the hotplate test and writhing with acetic acid .	方法观察两种不同浓度cinobuf蛋白注射液对小鼠的镇痛作用 , 用醋酸对小鼠的热plate试验和写作的影响 。
the fifth part it is the summary of the full text , the whole characteristic of the language has done the brief generalization to lien uzhuan .	第五部分是全文本的总结 , 语言的整体特点已经对林庄作了简要的总结 。
przewalski's horse , which once roamed the steppes of mongolia , is thought to have become too dispersed in the wild to breed .	przalski的马 , 一旦浪漫了蒙古的步骤 , 被认为已经变得太分散在野生里 。
therefore , the transformation of the pattern of international relations requires the united states and south korea to maintain and even strengthen the alliance .	因此 , 国际关系的转型需要美国和韩国保持 , 甚至加强联盟 。
the ancient black cattle were displaced by the longhorns , and that these " were swept away by the short horns as if by some murderous pestilence . "	古老的黑猫被长廊所消失 , 这些 " 被短角逐渐消失 , 就像有些杀害的虫害一样 。 "
consider your online album as the equivalent of leaving the treasured family album on a public bench for every passerby to thumb through .	考虑你的网上专辑 , 等于在公共场所留下的家庭专辑 , 以便每个旅客都能通过拇指 。
with financial markets so volatile and companies “hunkering down” for a long slog through a recession , there are few indicators of what’s coming up .	随着金融市场如此挥发和公司 " 震惊 " 的长期日志通过衰退 , 还有几个指标是来临的 。
if you are following along and planning to take a break at this point , please stay around as you now have two jobs that are creating ever larger files in your file system .	如果您随后跟踪并计划在这个点上采取突破 , 请当您现在有两个工作 , 在文件系统中创建更大的文件 。
we saw more rates of authoritarianism in nonwhite groups . i think the percentage of authoritarian households was highest in asianamericans .	我们在非白人群中看到更多的权威主义 , 我认为当局主义家庭的百分比在亚洲人中最高 。
the moon is so far from the earth that even if huge trees were growing on a mountain , we could not see them through the most powerful telescopes which have yet been invented .	月球远远离地球 , 即使大树在山上生长 , 我们不能通过最强大的望远镜发明 。
imposing airportstyle passenger and bag checks in the metros and bus stops of major cities is impractical because it would bring ordinary life to a halt .	机场风格的乘客和包检查主要城市公共汽车停车 , 实际上是因为它会带来普通生活 。
days later , they still in touch with the troops , fortunately , they killed a deer , can be difficult to rely on venison and spent a few days .	几天后 , 他们仍然与军队联系 , 幸运地 , 他们杀死了鹿 , 难以依赖维生 , 花了几天 。
first , for the four major banks , the good bank/bad bank transactions should be mandatory ; the industry will stabilize only if the four work in tandem .	首先 , 对于四大银行来说 , 好银行/坏银行交易应该是管理的 ; 行业只有四个工作 , 才能稳定 。
at the same time i still wanted a dedicated keyboard so when i saw the s710 with its nifty slideout keyboard i knew it was the perfect fit .	与此同时 , 我仍然希望一个专门的键盘 , 所以当我看到s710的时候 , 我知道它是完美的适合 。
if the book of job is one of the oldest books , there must have been a general knowledge of god , however limited , which led men to think often of him .	如果这本工作的书是最古老的书之一 , 必须有一般知识上帝 , 却导致男人常想他 。
there is no other documented association between mercury and any human cancer , leukaemia , lymphoma or other malignant or premalignant disease .	汞和任何人类癌症、白血病、淋巴瘤或其他恶性疾病之间没有其他文献联系 。
china has recently publicly supported sanctions against iran and imposed lesser restrictions on north korea for their nuclear activities .	近日 , 中国已经公开支持对伊朗的制裁 , 并且对朝鲜的限制更少 , 为他们的核活动提供了更大的限制 。
the game opens with fifi millicent performing a gig in an unnamed wartorn middle eastern country , in exchange for a $10m fee .	游戏开放了五百万美元的游戏 , 在一个无名战士中东国家执行gig , 交换1000万美元的费用 。
in late august , joey defrancesco fulfilled the fantasy of many a disgruntled worker: he quit in an incredibly outlandish fashion .	在8月晚些时候 , 乔伊·德弗里斯科完成了许多残疾的工人幻想:他在一个不可避免的时尚中辞职 。
porter puts forward the differentiation advantage and cost advantage according to surroundings and firm strategy by means of value chain .	根据价值链的方法 , 提出了基于周围和企业策略的分化优势和成本优势 。
given that the capability of a filter to handle both request and forward was only introduced with j2ee 1 . 4 , older versions of j2ee require a different solution .	由于过滤器的能力处理两个请求 , 只引入j2ee1.4 , j2ee的老版本需要不同的解决方案 。
animal rights activist brigitte bardot wrote to the german minister calling on her not to give in to pressure to overturn the anuga ban .	动物权利主义者brigittebardot写给德国部长呼吁她不要给予压力超过八月的禁令 。
valencia fullback moretti and sevilla midfielder maresca are both on lazio president claudio lotito's shopping list for the summer market .	瓦伦西亚全面反馈更多和塞维拉维拉中场马塞卡都是拉齐奥总统洛蒂奥的购物名单 。
however , under the twolevel financial control involving in both university and schools there are contradictions within laboratory administration and longterm development .	然而 , 在两级金融控制涉及大学和学校内有矛盾的实验室管理和长期发展 。
it indicates that the sampen is more effective to extract the information attentionrelated in eeg to show the clinical application prospects in eeg biofeedback systems .	结果表明 , 该样品的提取效率更有效地提取eeg生物反馈系统的信息注意力 , 显示患者的临床应用前景 。
cole claims that mourinho has not addressed his players about what the future may hold , preferring instead to concentrate on the matter in hand winning matches .	科尔声称 , 穆里尼奥没有解决未来的球员 , 更愿意集中在手中赢得比赛的事情 。
systemic experimental investigation and theoretic analysis on the mechanical aspects of jintan's rock salt have been conducted in the dissertation .	通过对金坦岩盐力学方面的系统实验研究和理论分析 , 对金坦岩盐力学方面进行了分析 。
results 18 cases happened nosocomial infection , incidence for 14 . 3% , respiratory infections which accounted for 48% , ur 24% ;	结果18例患者18例患者感染 , 14.3% , 呼吸感染占48% , 尿24% ;
the exception to the trend was in germany , where unemployment among young people actually declined , to 10 . 3 percent , over the twoyear period .	除了德国的趋势外 , 年轻人实际上失业率下降至10.3% , 两年的时间 。
it's different from the traditional view that the sentence meaning is its truthconditions . thus a new perspective of analyzing meaning is achieved .	从传统的角度来看 , 句子意义是其真实的条件 , 因此 , 实现了一种分析意义的新视角 。
conclusion pricking blood therapy has a regulatory action on acth in hpa axis of rats with experimental allergic rhinitis .	结论打印血疗法对大鼠hpa轴的肝炎大鼠肝脏病毒的疗效有一定的规律作用 。
roman statesman cicero noted , " although physicians frequently know their patients will die of a given disease , they never tell them so . "	虽然物理学家经常知道他们的病人会死于给予疾病 , 但他们从来没有告诉他们 。
and jesus stood still , and commanded him to be called . and they call the blind man , saying unto him , be of good comfort , rise ; he calleth thee .	耶稣仍然站着 , 命令他叫他叫他 , 他们叫盲人说 , 向他说 , 是好舒服 , 上升 ; 他清洁了 。
the size of the wafer to wafer side said , the quality of led is better than small chip . the price is proportional to the size of isomorphous .	waferside的大小说 , led的质量比小芯片更好 , 价格比异常大小比例 。
in recent years , china's mode of hiv transmission has significant change in the transmission of the infection ratio increased significantly .	近年来我国艾滋病传播模式对感染比传播率的影响显著提高 。
indeed , beauty experts have demonstrated through actual research that the combination of baby oil and sugar provides a most effective method for exfoliating skin .	事实上 , 美容专家通过实际研究表明 , 婴儿油与糖的结合提供了一种最有效的方法 。
he was accused of stealing the pictures while chen's computer was being repaired at elite multimedia limited , where sze was an employee .	他指责陈氏的电脑在精英多媒体上被修复 , 在那里 , ze是一名员工 。
to reinforce these themes , quotations from lincoln’s speeches and writings have been stenciled above the fireplace mantels throughout the cottage .	为了加强这些问题 , 林肯的演讲和写作的引用已经在整个院子里稳定在火场上 。
many of these settled at the daming palace site , where they have maintained much of their original regional culture , such as their dialect and traditional food .	许多人在大明宫地点设置 , 他们保持了大多数原始的地区文化 , 比如他们的方言和传统食品 。
from all these examples it may be gathered how reflection is always seeking for something fixed and permanent , definite in itself and governing the particulars .	从所有这些例子中 , 可以收集反射如何总是寻找固定和永久的东西 , 尽管自己和治理特殊的东西 。
michael had brought kay to the wedding so that she would slowly and perhaps without too much of a shock , absorb the truth about his father .	迈克尔向婚礼带来了凯伊 , 这样她会慢慢慢地慢地慢慢地慢慢地慢地慢慢地不再震惊 , 吸收他父亲的真理 。
the crack growth rate in weld metal and haz of steel 36z fatigued at low frequency may be 35 and 410 times that at high frequency respectively .	焊接金属危害的裂纹生长率可分别为35倍和410倍 , 在高频下分别为35倍和410倍 。
the system is easy to construct and simple to use and has a higher spectral resolution than conventional msps without increasing the acquisition time .	该系统很容易建立和简单的使用 , 比传统的msp不增加收购时间更高的光谱分辨率 。
the outcomes of this series suggest that repeat pv is effective at the same vertebral levels in patients without painrelief who underwent previous pv .	本系列的结果表明 , 重复pv在患者的椎体水平同样有效 , 无痛苦失去患者的椎体水平 。
the collaboration with softbank is a good start: the company boasts 22 million subscribers , and its user base has been growing nicely over the past few years .	与软银行合作是一个良好的开始:公司拥有2200万的订阅商 , 其用户基地已经在过去几年里逐步增长 。
" i wouldn't dare call myself a pioneer of reform and opening , but , after all , we were the first ordinary people to open a restaurant , " says guo .	" 我不敢称自己是改革开放的先锋 , 但毕竟 , 我们是第一位普通人开餐馆 。 " 郭说 。
bynum missed the final 46 games of last season with a left knee injury . he is averaging 14 . 0 points and 8 . 2 rebounds .	拜纳姆在上赛季的最后46场比赛中失去了左膝损伤 , 他平均每场14.0分和8.2磅 。
the flexible liner system along canal slopes was discussed in detail with respect to the properties of the related expansive soil as well as the design methods .	详细讨论了沿河滑坡的柔性衬砌系统 , 详细讨论了相关膨胀土的性能及设计方法 。
the paper uses the index of sexselective abortion to indicate the effect intension of sexselective abortion on the raising of the sex ratio at birth .	本文采用性选择性吸收指标对性吸收率提高的影响 , 指出性吸收对性吸收率的影响 。
" a woman will have more commendation in being the mother of heroes , " said a federalist , " than in setting up , amazonlike , for a heroine herself .	" 一个女人将有更多的推荐 , 成为英雄的母亲 , " 一位联邦主义说 , " 比起来 , 阿马逊类似的英雄 。
terrible busy these days , by the " water margin " actually expired , no found . rare today , go to the library , library hours , before we know .	这些日子忙碌 , 由 " 水边缘 " 实际上没有发现 。 今天 , 去图书馆 , 图书馆几小时之前 , 我们知道 。
to extinguish these conditions , we have to redesign the ruling mechanism of companies according to our nation's specific circumstances .	为了促进这些条件 , 我们必须根据我国特定环境 , 根据公司的规则机制重新设计公司的规则机制 。
jitie mouth found a stone tablet stone tablets , many words have been smashed , is obviously dont want to let others know more information about this tomb .	吉妈找到一张石桌 , 许多字已经被打碎了 , 明显不想让别人知道更多关于这个坟墓的信息 。
it provides a blueprint for the interteam communication that is essential not only for meeting business goals , but also for performing effective engineering .	它为团队沟通提供了一个蓝色印刷 , 不仅为会议业务目标提供了必要的 , 而且还为实现有效的工程提供了一个蓝色印刷 。
louboutin identifies the shade it uses as “chinese red” , but argues that any confusingly similar shade would infringe the trademark .	路伯丁鉴别它用作 " 黑色红色 " 的阴影 , 但认为任何混淆的类似的阴影会影响贸易标志 。
so you can go to a number of forums to learn some information above constant color , the forum which will involve which network platform is more reliable .	所以你可以去多个论坛 , 学习上面的一些信息 , 这些论坛将涉及到网络平台更可靠的论坛 。
assignment . you may not assign , sublicense or otherwise transfer any of your rights or obligations under this agreement , by operation of law or otherwise .	分配 。 您可能不会分配、子认证或否则在本协议下转移任何权利或义务 , 通过运作法律或其他法律 。
pet ownership is booming in china , and the tibetan mastiff is the dog of the moment for those who want to spread their wealth beyond stocks and real estate .	宠物所有权在中国正在增加 , 藏族主义者是那些希望把财富传播在股票和房地产的时刻 。
high school training should be adequately provided for all , and college training should be the monopoly of no class or race in any section of our common country .	高中培训应当充分提供 , 大学培训应该是我们普通国家的任何一节课程或种族的单一 。
this research focuses on the selfidentity of an aboriginal daycare center worker and discusses the effect of social structure context to identification .	本研究重点讨论了原始天保中心工作人员自身识别的效果 , 并讨论了社会结构上下文的影响 。
that's because , since 1918 , oberto has used nothing but premium strips of real , lean meat that's seasoned and smoked to perfection .	这是因为 , 自从1918年以来 , 观察家没有使用的东西 , 但实际上 , 瘦肉是季节和吸烟完美的 。
rice praised afghan attorney general abdul jabar sabit for being one of the largest employers of women in the afghan government .	米饭赞扬阿富汗总部abduljabarsabit作为阿富汗政府最大的雇主之一 。
he takes off the tom cruise shades , and she sees the eyes of a goat—bright amber ; rectangular pupils , dilating in the dusky evening .	他离开汤姆·克鲁斯的影子 , 她看到了一只山羊的眼睛 , 明亮的坟墓 ; 矩形的学生 , 晚上散落在杜斯基 。
based on the analysis of mirror by cang yue , the paper purports to decode the new vision creation of fantastic literature influenced by new media .	基于cagyo的镜像分析 , 为了解决新媒体的幻想文学创造造造影响而提出了新的视觉 。
with the quality products of " classical decoration , perfect exhibition " , yonghong redefines the life and completely shows decoration aesthetics for every user .	随着 " 古典装饰品 " 的质量产品 , 完美的展览 , 永虹重新定义了每个用户的生活 , 完全展示了装饰美学 。
the asian development bank is urging central banks in asia to pause measures to contain high inflation until global market turmoil subsidies .	亚洲开发银行正在促进亚洲中央银行 , 以保证措施保持高通胀 , 直到全球市场转移补贴 。
two other snps also showed significant genebygender interactions , but their effects were not significant in either men or women alone .	另外两个nps也显示出明显的基因生成的交互作用 , 但它们的效果在男性或女性中不显著 。
although only in its second year , the club is a success , partly due to the energy and enthusiasm of its coordinator , susan michal .	虽然第二年只有在俱乐部 , 但俱乐部是成功的 , 部分由于其协调员的能量和热情 , 苏珊米歇尔 。
jy8g . de ) made its debut in frankfurt , boosting hopes that investor confidence may be returning after the global credit crunch .	jy8g.de'在法兰克福特发行债务 , 希望投资者信心在全球信贷信贷信贷交易之后 , 投资者可能会恢复 。
in mrpd , data is redistributed into some groups at step 1 , and all the groups are multitransmitted according to the request of computer nodes .	在mrpd中 , 数据被重新分布到某些步骤1中 , 所有组都按计算机节点的要求进行多元限制 。
two divers off the coast of france peer into denise , a small , twoman diving saucer that is part of jacques cousteau’s oceanic ship calypso .	两个不同的法国和平海岸 , 一个小型的 , 两个人死于约克斯·科尔塔乌海洋船舱的一部分 。
puerto rican on the wrong side of town , but still gets to wear ravishing new look silhouettes with beautifully matching shoes .	普雷托·艾伦在城镇错误的边缘 , 但仍然要穿上新的看法 , 穿着美丽的鞋子 。
now investors are demanding that banks like lehman and washington mutual raise capital or sell their assets to raise cash and prove that they are solvent .	现在投资者要求银行如雷曼和华盛顿相互提高资本或销售他们的资产来提高现金 , 并证明他们是解决方案的 。
lieberman has addressed a national convention before ; at the democratic national convention in 2000 , he was the party’s vicepresidential nominee .	利伯曼在2000年在民主党议会上发表了全国公约 , 他是党副总统提名人 。
using sand polluted by the bp oil spill in one experiment , the team was able to separate hydrocarbons from the sand within seconds .	利用bp油在试验中污染的砂污染 , 该团队能够在二秒内分离水碳 。
in addition , foundation base may be in dangerous conditions such as sand pipings and upheaval deformations because of unloading soil above artesian aquifer .	此外 , 基础上可能是由于在阿尔特斯水稻上卸载土壤上不载土壤的危险条件 。
for example , one student made a program to inform a selected list of friends , with a short text message , where he was every 15 minutes .	例如 , 一个学生为一个程序发送了一个被选择的朋友列表 , 有一个短篇文本消息 , 他每15分钟 。
steer your spaceship with the motion sensors of your windowsphone and fight against the space pirates with your arsenal of upgradable weapons .	把你的空间与您的windows手机的运动传感器与您的可升级武器战斗 。
this method can provide a new way for determination of aluminum powder con tent of propellant powder with its rapidity and simplicity and certain accuracy .	该方法可为其快速、简单、一定准确的铝粉体含量的测定提供一种新的途径 。
as it closes in on its target , the ekv integrates data from the xbrwith its onboard sensors and locks on to the enemy missile .	当它关闭它的目标时 , ekv集成了xbrith它的网上传感器和锁在敌人导弹的数据 。
although adopting patent heddle increases the cost , but it increases the output and profit , and the invention benefit is also higher .	虽然采用专利冲突增加了成本 , 但它增加了输出和利润 , 发明效益也更高 。
since the owner was a movie producer , his clienteles were the movie stars , singers and celebrities for his late night supper segment .	自从主人是电影制造商 , 他的客户是电影明星 , 歌手和庆祝他晚晚晚晚餐的品牌 。
jerseys , pullovers , cardigans , waistcoats and similar articles , knitted or crocheted , of silk or silk waste .	泽西 , 皮肤 , 心脏 , 腰衣和类似的文章 , 编织或腐蚀 , 丝或丝绸废料 。
bonding: any of the interactions that account for the association of atoms into molecules , ions , crystals , metals , and other stable species .	结合:任何会计原子与离子、离子、金属、金属等稳定物种相互作用的交互 。
another is the loblolly pine . windbreaks not only protect land and crops from the wind . surplus trees can be cut down and used to provide wood .	另一个是loblollypine , 风破坏不仅保护风土地和作物 , 还可以被砍下来 , 用来提供木材 。
their two full backs , john flanagan and jack robinson , were excellent yesterday , up against theo walcott and samir nasri .	他们的两个背部 , 约翰·弗拉纳根和杰克·罗宾逊昨天很好 , 反对沃尔科特和萨姆米尔·纳斯里 。
the following factors like diabetes , erythrocyte , level of anastomosis and anastomotic technique were demonstrated to be independent .	以下因素如糖尿病、红细胞、腺细胞水平、抗异常技术等因素为独立性 。
aesthetic pursuit has connection to various aspects of news works ; the process that the writer edits news is also the process of aesthetic pursuit .	审美追求具有各种各样的新闻作品的联系 ; 作家编辑新闻的过程也是审美追求的过程 。
the six counties and city of the drainage area of zuo river in nanning district lie in the karst area in southwest of guangxi province .	广西南部地区南宁地区的南宁地区6个县和城市 , 位于广西省西南部 。
its characters are : serious conditions , quick change , more shock , easy misdiagnosis , difficult management , more complications and high mortality .	其特点是:严重的条件 , 快速变化 , 更容易误诊 , 困难管理 , 更复杂 , 死亡率更高 。
on august 17 , 2005 , estonian prime minister andrus ansip met in his office with visiting chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing .	2005年8月17日 , 爱东尼亚总理安德鲁斯ip在访问中国外交部长李赵兴的办公室见面 。
sudan is committed to implementing the comprehensive peace agreement and holding the referendum in southern sudan in a free and fair way .	苏丹承诺实施全面和平协议 , 坚持苏丹南部的推荐 , 在自由和公平的途径 。
the utility model relates to a component of a suspension system of a conveying vehicle , specifically to a trailer steel sleeve for suspension .	本实用新型涉及一种传送车辆悬挂系统的组成部分 , 特别是用于悬挂钢套 。
to make xiaoshan as our national shoemaking base , we need to do the following:one , identify the commanding heights of development and innovation ;	为了使小山作为我们国家鞋基地 , 我们需要做到下列:一 , 识别开发和创新高度 ;
improved fluorochemicals have recently made it possible to use a higher concentration of perfluorochemicals without causing medical complications .	近年来 , 氟化学的改进使得最近使用更高浓度的氟化学 , 没有引起医疗并发症 。
children with family history of asthma or individual history of hypersensitivity were more likely to develop respiratory symptoms .	儿童哮喘家庭历史或个人历史的高敏感性的儿童更有可能发展呼吸症状 。
the present invention also relates to the new method of using the new affinity chromatography mediums in purifying and producing cobra neurotoxin .	本发明还涉及了利用新强度色谱介质在纯化和生产cobra神经毒素的新方法 。
scanning whitelight interferometry increases the portrait measurement range , and its measurement precision achieves the level of nanometer .	扫描whitel光干涉仪增加了肖像测量范围 , 其测量精度达到纳米的水平 。
province labor ensures hall floorwalker zhang deyou to moderate , office grows jiao xuebai to make important speech .	省劳动保证大厅地步行员张德义乌为中等 , 办公室增长了赵雪白 , 使其成为重要演讲 。
grab a wide variety of historically accurate weapons including machine guns , bazookas , sniper rifles and flamethrowers .	抓住各种各样的历史上准确的武器 , 包括机枪 , 巴佐克斯 , 尼波尔和火箭 。
a study was carried out in this paper on the dyeing and finishing performance of a watersoluble sulfur black dye containing polycarboxylic groups .	本文对含有聚羧基团的水溶性硫黑染料染料染色和完成性能进行了研究 。
a preparation method of anodic aluminum oxide film with thick barrier layer is provided , which belongs to the field of material technology .	给出了一种具有厚砖层的阳极铝氧化铝薄膜的制备方法 , 属于材料技术领域 。
the ideal threshold for choosing between sequential and parallel execution is a function of the cost of coordinating the parallel tasks .	序列和并行执行之间选择的理想阈值是协调并行任务的成本函数 。
result: there were no obvious differences in microscopic characters in adonis amurensis regel et radd in the northeast region .	结果:东北地区的微观特征没有明显差异 。
the facial problem is a reflection of people body's splanchnic problem . only both internal and external treatment can help solve the skin problem radically .	面部问题是人体的splan技术问题的反映 , 只有内部和外部治疗才能有助于解决皮肤问题 。
this product is the most advantaged and clinicalvalue method for diagnosis of early nephropathy damnification equipped with enormous market demands .	本产品是最优势的临床价值方法 , 用于诊断具有巨大的市场需求的早期肾病损害的诊断 。
leehom was awarded again " the best producer " in 2004 and " the best male vocalist " in 2006 by golden melody award committee .	2004年 , 李霍姆再次获得 " 最佳生产商 " 和 " 最佳男性音乐家2006年由金梅洛迪奖金委员会颁奖 " 。
they include an ecommerce storefront app , a community web site , a portal site , sample reports , and a project timetracking app .	他们包括一个电子商务店前面应用程序、社区网站、门户网站、样本报告以及项目时间追踪应用程序 。
indian multiplexes added on an average 14 to 21 new shows in the second week of the movie compared to its first week with 150 additional shows .	第二周 , 印度多文本增加了14至21个新节目 , 与其第一周的150个额外节目相比 。
candles and holders , gifts articles , ceramic vases , leaf and sugar cane vases , consol tables , panels , candle holders .	蜡烛和持有者 , 礼品 , 陶瓷品 , 叶子和糖果香气 , 固定桌子 , 蜡烛 , 蜡烛持有者 。
he knocks into drums , speakers , drops his mike , picks it up , then throws it to the floor and tosses himself after it for good measure .	他打进鼓里 , 演讲者 , 把牛仔拿起来 , 然后把它扔到地板上 , 然后用好的措施把自己扔到地板上 。
says levit , " don't approach your boss with a sense of entitlement , as though he is personally responsible for furthering your career .	莱维特说: " 尽管他个人负责进一步加强你的职业生涯 。 "
attila , king of the huns and ravager of much of western europe , died a death that was not quite what one would have expected from such a fierce warrior .	阿蒂拉 , 猎王和西欧大部分的拉瓦格 , 死亡了一个死亡 , 很多人希望从这场激烈战争中获得的事情 。
there’s a videosharing ability , by which you can watch videos “with” other people , though your interactions are limited to a chatroom beside the video .	有一个视频共享能力 , 您可以看到视频 " with " 的其他人 , 虽然你的互动限制在视频之外 。
it improved some of the subjective symptoms of xerosis , the clinical xerotic severity score and dermoscopic appearance .	它提高了xerosis的一些主观症状 , 临床xerosis的严重分数和dermosc光学表现 。
lift the clutch pedal , start to lift soon , when the feeling gradually with the clutch pressure plate linked to a half , it begins to slow down .	抬起关闭床 , 很快就开始抬起来 , 当感觉逐渐与关闭压力板连接的时候 , 开始慢下来 。
bottomup reform cannot be resisted because it requires no negotiations , avoids confrontations , and it spreads like an unstoppable plague .	底层改革不能抵抗 , 因为它不需要谈判 , 避免对抗 , 这样它就像一个不可避免的平原 。
ames spends the rest of the movie plotting to get his revenge , make his escape and seize his little daughter back from her new foster parents .	ames花了电影的其他部分来获得他的收入 , 让他的逃离 , 抓住他的小女儿从她的新朋友回来 。
in other words , the value assigned by this rule is the one that should prevail in the case that test1 is among the tests that were assigned to a machine .	换句话说 , 这个规则分配的值是应该预先将测试1分配给机器的测试之一 。
a few weeks later , we got word that the kerry people wanted me to speak at the convention , although it was not yet clear in what capacity .	几个星期后 , 我们得到了一句话 , 克里人希望我在会议上讲话 , 虽然它还没有清楚什么能力 。
the result of the research can also be used for reference in solving the same salt problems of other grottoes and earth relics in the northwestern arid regions in china .	本研究的结果也可用于解决中国西北旱地区的另一盐问题和地球遗传问题的参考 。
a crystalline compound , c6h 12n 3ps , a sulfurcontaining analogue of tepa , used to treat certain malignant tumors .	水晶化合物 , c6h12n12n3ps , 含硫化tepa的硫化物 , 用于治疗某些恶性肿瘤 。
this paper describes the fundamental of thermometry and the types of thermometer . it also presents a method of making a thermocouple thermometer .	本文介绍了热量计的基本原理及热量计的类型 , 提出了一种热耦合温度计的方法 。
monaco is on the mediterranean coast , 18km east of nice and near the italian border , and is surrounded on three sides by france .	摩纳哥位于中海岸 , 18公里东 , 位于意大利边境附近的18公里 , 法国围绕着三侧 。
of course , no one text is going to change the world , but put together , these treatises will constrain alqaida's recruitment pool somewhat .	当然 , 没有一个文本会改变世界 , 但是把这些条约约约束基地组织的招聘池 。
rich dad stopped by at noon on the third week . we heard his truck pull up in the parking lot and sputter when the engine was turned off .	第三周中午有钱爸停下来 , 我们听到卡车停在停车场里 , 发动机被关掉 。
this added voltage is mainly power line frequency and its effect on the voltmeter reading will depend upon the normalmode rejection capability of the meter .	该增加电压主要是电力线频率 , 其对电压计读取的影响将取决于正常模式拒绝能力 。
henan bailihui trading co . , ltd . is a company mainly engaged in fine wine , imported wine , cigar , famous tea and tobacco .	河南白惠贸易有限公司是一家专业从事优良酒、进口酒、烟草、名誉茶、烟草的公司 。
and try to make the room in any bedding face reflected in the mirror of food on the table , in order to receive the " double your wealth " the effect .	为了获得 " 双重财富 " 的效果 , 试图让房间在任何床面反映在桌子上的食物镜子上 , 让房间看到 " 食物 " 的效果 。
when the camels had finished drinking , the man took out a gold nose ring weighing a beka and two gold bracelets weighting ten shekels .	当骆驼完成饮料时 , 男人拿出一条金鼻环重牛肉和两只黄金手镯重量十公斤 。
this research takes fuqing' s preschool teachers for example to investigate the job burnout and influence factors of them by questionnaire .	本研究以福庆的教师为例 , 通过问卷调查工作负担和影响因素 。
while the atomic variable classes might look superficially like the synchronizedcounter example in listing 1 , the similarity is only superficial .	虽然原子变量类可能像清单1中的同步计数器样 , 但相似性只是超级 。
another risk is that individual and commercial accounts will get mixed , as they did with the shamesyeakels , who are now suing their bank .	另一个风险是 , 个人和商业账户将混合起来 , 因为他们和莎梅萨克尔这样做 , 他们现在正在继续他们的银行 。
the utility model can not only lead a setline lover to use a very long fishing rod to fish , but also can cut off or set off as well as throw a fish hook conveniently .	本实用新型不仅能导致一个定居爱人使用非常长的鱼棒来捕鱼 , 而且可以减少或设置 , 方便地扔鱼钩 。
the results also showed that much more steady combustion could be obtained with mechanical spray nozzle than with steam atomizer for some burners with poor performance .	结果表明 , 某些燃烧机性能较差的燃烧机械喷雾喷雾剂比蒸汽原子化剂更稳定 。
this resulting schema definition and the soap message that is generated for this service are languageneutral and follow the wsi basic profile .	这导致模式定义和soap消息生成的soap消息是语言中性并遵循wsi基本概要 。
recycle your code ! create a collection of your favorite and oftenused snippets and make sure that it’s easily searchable and well organized .	回收您的代码 ! 创建您最喜欢的集合 , 经常使用snippet , 确保它很容易搜索和组织 。
we provided updates on an hourly basis to keep our users informed of the situation until it was resolved today just before 4pm pdt .	我们在一个小时的基础上提供更新以保持我们的用户信息的情况 , 直到今天在4pmpt之前解决 。
therefore it is still a challenging question for knee surgeons to reconstruct the function of meniscus which was injured or resected .	因此 , 膝关节外科医生仍然是一个挑战性问题 , 重建损伤或切除的手术功能 。
for example , some on the political right reject anything the new york times reports and uncritically believe anything offered by fox news ;	例如 , 一些政治权拒绝纽约时间报告的任何东西 , 并不批评地相信福克斯新闻提供的任何东西 ;
despite trump's lovehate relationship with china , his chinese fans believe he's the one who can make the u . s . , and even the world , great again .	尽管特朗普的爱与中国的关系 , 他的中国粉丝相信他是美国人 , 甚至世界也是伟大的 。
similarly , plans by local chinese governments to improve infrastructure loom large for heavyequipment makers like caterpillar inc . .	同样 , 中国政府计划通过当地政府改善基础设施的大型设备制造商如caterpillarinc等 。
when grains are ground , or leaves are cooked , they become more digestible , allowing more nutrients to get absorbed by the body .	当谷物是地面 , 或叶子被烹饪时 , 它们变得更可消化 , 使得更多的营养因子受体吸收 。
one would have expected he was looking for an opportunity to keep his team close in a hardfought game against a big city school .	一个人预计他正在寻找一个机会 , 让他的团队接近一个大城市学校的艰难游戏 。
several major banks including ubs lowered their growth forecasts for china through 2012 last week , largely because of concern that exports will fade .	上周 , 一些主要银行包括ubs降低了2012年中国的增长预测 , 大部分因为担心出口将逐渐衰退 。
thermal loading concentrated on the outer circumference of the discs during the engagement time may result in a form of conical deformation . disc waviness may ar...	加入时间内 , 热荷载集中在盘子外循环上 , 可能导致锥形变形的形式 , 离散波动可能引起 。
depending on the diverse document filters in the system , it might be necessary to also add a check to see if the request document is an html document .	根据系统中多元文档滤波器的依赖 , 可能需要添加一个检查来看看请求文档是否是html文档 。
most of the 50 , 000 apps that have been written for cellphones that use the operating system should run in some fashion on androidbased tablets .	大多数50 , 000个应用程序都应该在安卓基于android的平板上运行操作系统的手机 。
the writer combines the history and rational thought , profoundly and dialectically analyses each author's works of different periods .	作者结合历史和理性思想 , 深刻地分析各作者的各个作品作品 。
the plant office is secured with a yellow bicycle lock . boxes of fisherprice toys for toddlers can be seen stacked in the warehouse .	植物办公室是用黄自行车锁定的 , 可以在仓库里看到的渔业玩具箱 。
considering the multidimensional and nonlinear characteristic of physiological information fusing , the thesis use svm for building medical modeling .	针对生理信息融合的多维、非线性特点 , 提出了利用svm建立医疗建模的方法 。
american tennis player helen jacobs with the wightman cup after the usa beat britain at wimbledon , london on june 16 , 1934 .	伦敦1934年6月16日伦敦 , 美国网球运动员亨伦·雅科布斯和沃尔曼杯打败英国 。
the pakistan people's party , ms . bhutto's party , says a united nations investigation into her death it is the only way to get at the truth .	巴基斯坦人民党巴基斯坦人民党说 , 一项联合国调查到她死亡的唯一途径是巴基斯坦人民党的政党 。
as a mode of industry organizations intervenient by enterprise and market , industry clusters has promoted and will promote region development of economy .	作为企业和市场干预的行业组织干预方式 , 产业集群促进和促进经济的地区发展 。
the newspaper calls also for victoria to be allowed to try out daily life in cohabitation with her boyfriend before any decision is taken to get married .	报纸呼吁维多利亚也允许在任何决定结婚之前试图与男朋友合作日常生活 。
“but despite these successes , ” he warns , “there remain real concerns about high levels of bycatch and the reasons behind them .	" 尽管这些成功 , " 他警告说 , " 尽管这些成功仍然是关注高层次的关注和后面的原因 。
" with the coming of the 3g era , wireless internet will have exponential growth , " cinic said in a statement accompanying the release of its report .	" 随着3g时代的来临 , 无线互联网将有昂贵的增长 , " cinic在一份声明陪同其报告的发布 。
this hubble space telescope image reveals " the cat's eye nebula " to be one of the most complex " planetary nebulae " known .	这个哈勃的太空望远镜显示 " 猫的眼睛星云 " 是最复杂的 " 行星云 " 之一 。
plastics piping systems . glass reinforced thermosetting plastics components . test methods to prove the design of bolted flange joints .	塑料管道系统 , 玻璃加固热塑料组件 , 试验方法证明了螺栓式联接的设计方法 。
disney executives say that if their efforts in china are successful , they'll likely roll out english schools in other countries around the world .	迪斯尼执行官说 , 如果他们在中国的努力成功 , 他们可能会在世界各地的其他国家滚出英语学校 。
with all these and many more beautiful places that exist in our world , we are lost for choice and the only way to decide on the places to visit is to follow the heart .	随着我们世界各地的各种美丽的地方 , 我们失去选择和唯一的办法决定去访问的地方就是遵循心脏 。
residents of soweto , or other urban areas in south africa , are likely to grumble about foreigners in the same way as in rich countries .	南非其他城市地区的居民在索威托 , 或其它城市地区 , 可能会像富裕国家那样引起外国人注目 。
one guugu yimithirr speaker was filmed telling his friends the story of how in his youth , he capsized in sharkinfested waters .	一位guuguyimithirr发言人被电影告诉他的朋友如何在他的青年里 , 他在鲨鱼感染的水中抓住了他的故事 。
limited data indicate that ms0 and tsr are in a relationship of 1:0 . 93 on average , that is the value of ms0 is larger than tsr .	有限数据表明 , ms0和tsr在1:0.93的平均关系中 , ms0的价值大于tsr 。
the sex games that start with such light laughter and smooching now got all dark and interesting . the more inventive the guy , the more creative it got .	如此轻笑的性别游戏现在已经得到了全部黑暗和有趣的感觉 , 更有创造力的家伙 , 更有创造力 。
the nqae and qam decide if additional action is required and implement this action to ensure that planned audits are performed as stipulated .	nqae和qam决定是否需要额外的行动 , 并实施此行动 , 以确保计划审计作为标准 。
it also can protect the magnetic restraint busbar protection from maloperation possibly caused by variation of the secondary load of ct .	此外 , 它还可以保护可能导致ct的二次负荷变化而导致的磁力约束线保护 。
the results indicated that the clean degree of ulc slab adapting two production technology was approximately consistent at the steady state casting ;	结果表明 , 在稳态铸造过程中 , 紫外板适应两种生产工艺的清洁度大约一致 ;
a deliverable is a measurable , verifiable work product such as a specification , feasibility study report , detailed design document , or working prototype .	可交付的是一种可测量的、可验证的工作产品 , 例如规范、可行性研究报告、详细的设计文档或工作原型 。
the confederate soldiers promised not to fight anymore . in return for this promise , they were released on parole and sent home to their families .	联邦军队承诺不再战斗 。 在这次承诺下 , 他们被释放在巴罗里 , 送回家庭 。
caterpillars move by a wave that starts at the back end of their body and sweeps through each segment until it reaches the head , pushing it forward .	卡特帕尔斯从身体的背端移动 , 直到达到头部 , 向前推动它 。
the moscow station has grayscale mosaics depicting scenes from dostoevsky's stories , which are characteristically dark and violent .	莫斯科站有灰色的摩西西卡图斯基的故事描述了多斯托夫斯基故事的场景 , 特别是黑色和暴力 。
globalization is an irresistible trend and the author thinks that chinese economy and culture will benefit more during the process of globalization .	全球化是一种不可抵抗性的趋势 , 作者认为中国经济和文化在全球化过程中将会有益 。
by forcing them to review his departure , mr nozoe may help instil one last reform: greater transparency and accountability at the level of the board .	通过强迫他们审查他的离开 , 诺佐先生可能帮助最后一次改革:在板块层面的透明度和责任性 。
maybe they like us . we've had david beckham , robert pires , dennis bergkamp , jens lehmann and now thierry again .	也许他们喜欢我们 。 我们有大卫贝克汉姆 , 罗伯特皮雷斯 , 丹尼斯·伯格坎普 , 珍妮斯·莱曼 , 现在又厚了 。
they hugged each other , and dr . stoddard whispered in mrs . thompson's ear , " thank you mrs . thompson for believing in me . "	汤普森先生的耳朵里 , 他们互相抱怨 , 托德德德博士说: " 感谢汤普森先生相信我 。 "
overscheduled , stressed , or worried kids often start sleeping less than they should , and sleep deprivation has serious consequences .	过度调度 , 压力 , 或者担心孩子常常开始睡眠 , 睡眠剥夺有严重的后果 。
in 1825he bought land for a farmandfactory commune in indiana . it attracted farmers , artisans and intellectuals .	1825年 , 他为印度安纳买了土地 , 吸引了农民、阿蒂冈和知识分子 。
through a combination of extravagance and mismanagement , celebrity photographer annie leibovitz finds herself $24m in debt .	通过对提高和管理的结合 , 名牌摄影师安妮·莱波维兹发现自己在债务中2400万美元 。
mr . chen wenhao required a unified thought to guarantee the complete fulfillment of all kinds of work and the success of the convention .	陈文浩先生要求一项统一的思想 , 保证各种工作的完整满足和成功的会议 。
recently , discoveries of early human remains in china and spa,in have cast doubt on the 'out of africa' theory , but noone was certain .	最近 , 中国和西班牙早期人类的发现仍然存在于中国和西班牙 , 怀疑 " 非洲 " 理论 , 但没有人确定 。
in 1995 , he wrote a lyric titled " a child in a temple " , describing his life and studies in the temple when he was young .	1995年 , 他写了一篇《圣殿里的小孩》 , 描述了他的生命和研究在寺庙里的时候 。
the reports of a given jurisdiction in the course of a generation take up pretty much the whole body of the law , and restate it from the present point of view .	现代审判的报告显示 , 一代法律的整体体体现象很多 , 并从当前的角度重新启用它 。
but he decided to pick up the pen , groping , continue writing , write every word , he needs to pay ordinary people can not imagine the hard work .	但是 , 他决定采取笔 , 抓手 , 继续写作 , 每一句话 , 他需要支付普通人不能想象硬件工作 。
the " table of import tax rates on personal luggage of passengers and personal postal parcels " is part and parcel of this set of provisions .	进口税率的 " 进口税率 " 是旅客和个人邮政公园 " 的一部分和范围 。
about 20 years ago the city and certain visionary private developers began trying to change that too , renovating commercial space into loft apartments .	大约20年前 , 城市和某些视觉私人开发商也开始试图改变这种变化 , 将商业空间转化为洛杉矶公寓 。
let the host family knows clearly the time/place/destination/counterpart in advance and get the consent when you want to go on a trip or stay out .	让主人家人清楚地知道时间/地产/地产/地产/帐户先进 , 当你想去旅行时 , 就会得到同意 。
by the way , there were lots of flatlike buildings in former soviet union , in which there were public toilets , bathrooms and kitchens .	路透 , 苏联前苏联有许多平面的建筑 , 其中有公厕所、浴室和厨房 。
second , there are some diabetes patients who may benefit from avandia , and third , patients on avandia may wish to remain on the drug .	其次 , 有一些糖尿病患者可能受益于vandia , 第三 , 患者可能希望保持药物 。
hwang later admitted faking data to make the papers look better but claimed that a colleague duped him into thinking that the cell lines were genuine .	唐后来承认fafaing数据 , 使论文看起来更好 , 但声称一个同事使他想起细胞线是真正的 。
it also ensures that your application back end runs with your usual privileges , so you don't have to make crucial files worldwriteable , which is a big plus .	它还保证您的应用程序背端与通常的特权运行 , 因此您不需要让关键文件可编写 , 这是一个大额 。
phoenix suns chief executive and president rick welts , a longtime nba executive , told the new york times he's gay .	据纽约时报 , 凤凰太阳首席执行官和总统rickwelts说 , 一个长期的nba执行官 , 告诉纽约时间他是同性恋的 。
the running fund of associated club are collected through moneyraising by the participants , and authority provide places and sports facilities .	联合俱乐部的运营基金由参与者收集资金 , 机构提供地点和运动设施 。
it tummysolutely speeds recovery from leg ulcers simprove the report by the university of leeds' school of heingterneveryivehcare .	李德斯大学肝脏病学院的报告简单地提高了法律溃疡的恢复速度 。
the death of king bhumibol adulyadej of thailand means queen elizabeth ii has become the world's longestreigning living monarch .	泰国王布马比尔王死亡意味着伊丽莎白二世成为世界上最长的生活君主 。
article 44 where the orderer has prescribed the qualifications for the construction enterprises to contract the works , the provisions of such qualifications shall apply .	第四十四条订单人已按照建设企业合同工作的资格 , 应当申请此类资格的规定 。
this paper deals with the cultivation of spirulina platensis in large areas . it was successful and predicted for splendid prospects of spirulina cultivation .	针对大地区的精神病原体培养 , 为精神素培养提供了成功预测 。
product simple , fresh , unique style , smell fragrant soak into the depths of bamboo heart , elegant and refined , unique .	产品简单 , 新鲜 , 独特的风格 , 闻到竹心深度 , 优雅精美 , 独特 。
author has analyzed the poisoning reason of catalyst in kellog ammonia converter , presented the technical measures preventing catalyst from poison .	作者分析了kellog氨基转化器催化剂的毒性原因 , 提出了防止毒素催化剂的技术措施 。
incomplete diallel crosses were made ir an experiment with bivoltine races of silkworm to study the genetic effects of six quantitative characters .	对六种量子特性的遗传效应进行了非完整的透明交叉试验 , 研究了六种量子特性的遗传效应 。
when i see pure on all sides , yet discover a god to only have me in the debt is 2 human with suo promise , didn't see the diagram of fu nuo at all .	当我看到纯洁的一面时 , 却发现一个神只有在债务中有我有2个人 , 所以没有看到福恩图 。
there are several good ways to do that , including a swot analysis , evaluating your market , developing your organizational identity or simply forecasting sales .	有几种好办法 , 包括swot分析 , 评估你的市场 , 开发你的组织身份或简单预测销售 。
wander round to the gulang villa hotel , also on gulangyu , and you'll see three rather downatheel looking seafood restaurants right next to each other .	走到古兰维拉酒店 , 还在古兰玉 , 你会看到三个宁静的下海餐馆 , 相互相对 。
this invention provides a set of selfpowered mechanical device , an autoregulating movable weirplate , a backflushing buffer and liftpull valve .	本发明提供了一套自动功率机械装置 , 一个自动调节可移动的圆板 , 背流缓冲和升压阀 。
in this paper , the authors give two propositions to find the conditional extremes of multivariable functions by using simple forms of cauchy inequality .	本文提出了利用简单的缓冲不平等的简单形式 , 找到多变函数的条件极端 。
the paper chooses 147 private enterprises as samples , analyses the 21 inner influencing factors by factor analysis and get 7 common factors .	本文选取147个私营企业作为样品 , 分析了21个因素分析的因素 , 得到7个常见因素 。
the behavior of ca alginate immobilized yeast and polyvinyl alcohol immobilized yeast for continuous production of ethanol is studied .	研究了以乙醇为连续生产的连续性 , 催化酵母和聚乙烯醇为原料 , 催化酵母的行为 。
doing so has all sorts of bad consequences , including poor performance , massive system backups , deterring manageability , and increasing odds of failure .	所以做的是各种坏后果 , 包括性能差 , 系统备份大量 , 可管理性好 , 以及增加失败的奇怪 。
a novel approach to the realtime speech quality evaluation in a packet network using feedforward multiple class random neural network was presented .	提出了一种利用多类随机神经网络来实时语音质量评价的新方法 。
nevertheless , in the process that await , 9 cities must the loss of the prediction of a person's luck in a given year that susceptive is a player and income .	然而 , 在等待的过程中 , 9个城市必须损失一个人幸运的预测 , 这是一个玩家和收入的过程 。
objective:to investigate the relationship between the changes of plasm endothelin and nitric oxide and blood pressure in patients with essential hypertension .	目的:探讨血浆内皮素的变化与肾氧化物和血压的关系 。
after the meeting , dai and kim watched the debut of the opera , " the dream of the red chamber " , along with the dprk people from all walks of life .	在会议之后 , 戴和金正看了戏剧的辩论 , " 红室的梦想 " , 沿着dprk人从生活的各行走中走出来 。
objective to test the strength of different suture fixation of tendon or ligament end and evaluate appropriate stitches number in cruciate ligament reconstruction .	目的探讨不同缝合固定的强度 , 评价适当的缝合缝合数量在结合韧带重建中的应用价值 。
it is necessary to calculate the loading situation when designing arch pipe . the computation and application of arch pipes in crossing project is mainly discussed .	在设计拱管时 , 必须计算加载情况 , 主要讨论了交叉工程中拱管的计算和应用 。
objective to evaluate the value of magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatographyin the diagnosis of benign and malignant bile tract obstructions .	目的探讨磁共振胆道梗阻的诊断价值 。
experts believe this is largely due to the fact that men have thicker skin which hides the appearance of bulging fat cells that cause cellulite .	专家认为 , 这主要是由于男性皮肤厚厚 , 隐藏了造成细胞的脂肪细胞的出现 。
i'll talk about who will benefit from the course and a little bit about sort of the detailed subject matter that we'll cover in the course of this semester .	我会谈到谁会从课程中获益 , 以及一个关于详细的课题的问题 , 我们将在本学期内覆盖的课程中 。
does your stomach tense ? your breathing quicken ? your pulse race ? your hands tremble ? these sensations prevented carly simon from performing live for years .	你的胃紧张吗 ? 你的呼吸快吗 ? 你的脉冲比赛吗 ? 你的手动模糊 ? 这些感觉阻止了经过多年的活力 。
during the production of hog cholera rabbitadapeted bovine testis cellular vaccine , there occurred that the virulence of the vaccine has not attained its standard .	霍克莱拉·拉伯达的小鼠肝脏检测细胞疫苗生产过程中 , 疫苗的病毒并未达到标准 。
the active chlorine atoms were introduced in the chlorinated cispolybutadiene through a strong organic acid containing active chlorine .	采用活性氯原子 , 通过活性氯酸含有活性氯化氯的强有机酸 , 介绍了氯化氯的活性氯原子 。
our companys product are very well , and the products are wellselled in the world , such as : eastasia . and we have a great number of costoms in the world , es . japen , korea .	公司产品很好 , 产品在世界上销售得很好 , 比如:东方 , 我们在世界上拥有大量的成本 , 日本 , 韩国 。
soil salinization is one of the major factors compromising crop growth and leading to soil degeneration and desertification in natural ecological environment .	土壤盐化是植物生态环境中的主要因素之一 , 导致土壤变化和沙漠化 。
this name in explaining their motives mayor acknowledged media reports of criminal incidents over the city xi wali , he is writing reports balance .	这名叫解释他们的动机市长承认在城市西威利犯罪事件的媒体报告 , 他正在写报告平衡 。
this papers mainly introduces the making principles , properties , affecting factors and uses of the neutral silicone sealant for building and decoration .	本文主要介绍了制造原理、性能、影响因素和利用中性硅密封剂的建筑和装饰 。
current work includes a contemporary five bedroom house , a modern home over 1500m square and the complete redesignofafamilyhouse .	目前的工作包括当代五间卧室 , 现代住宅1500万平方公里 , 全部退休家庭 。
and then , there's also a sincere and urgent question about how the person is middle aged person , and he doesn't want to waste time , and you know how should he practice .	然后 , 还有一个真诚的和迫切的问题 , 关于人是如何中年人 , 他不想浪费时间 , 而且你知道他怎样做 。
english idioms become the subject of aesthetics , for the inborn attractiveness , appeal and sociality which turns to be aesthetical values .	英语学习成为审美学的主题 , 对于生命吸引力、呼吁和社会价值来说 , 成为审美学的主题 。
the cachedrowsetimpl implementation is scrollable , allowing you to scroll backwards and forwards amongst the set of records represented by a rowset .	缓存行简单实现是可滚动的 , 允许您滚动后向和前进的记录集中表示的行 。
yet as our special report in this week’s issue shows , the achievements of germany , europe’s biggest economy , tell a rather different story .	然而 , 随着我们在本周的问题的特殊报告显示 , 德国的成就 , 欧洲最大的经济 , 告诉一个相当不同的故事 。
calls to the api take the form of an http request to an established service entrypoint url , including details of the request as xml data .	呼吁api采取http请求的形式 , 以建立的服务入点url , 包括xml数据的细节 。
malaysia still keeps primary and secondary schools . pupils are taught in chinese except for the subjects of english and malay culture .	马来西亚仍然保持初级和二级学校 , 除了英语和马来文化的主题外 , 学生们都在中国教育 。
this lets you generate pdf files , xls spreadsheets , or dynamic web pages without actually opening an ide and compiling any code .	这让您生成pdf文件、xls扩展表或动态web页面 , 实际上没有开放概念并编译任何代码 。
the results show that the effect intension of sexselective abortion had been increasing in the course of time and it was uneven upon fertile women with different demographic characteristics .	结果表明 , 不同民主特点下 , 性选择性吸收的效果逐渐增加 , 不同民主特性不均匀 。
the core of higher education is to train the students of gain creative abilites . the key lies in the teachers'guidance and the students'participation .	高等教育的核心是培训获得创造力的学生 , 关键是教师指导和学生参与的关键 。
a new contract for robin van persie is on arsène wenger's agenda but he does not want the issue to become a media obsession in the months to come .	罗宾·范佩西的新合同是在阿森纳温格的议程上 , 但他不希望这个问题在几个月内成为媒体肥胖的问题 。
the beauty of seven < /p> < p> son hostage threatened chen yu , chen yu eventually did not dare let america hurt , let these people .	七个</p><p>儿子主持者的美丽威胁陈玉 , 陈玉最终不敢让美国伤害 , 让这些人 。
i did my home work when planning for the trip to angkor wat . i knew it would be hard to take good pictures of basreliefs using the built in flash on the camera .	我的家庭工作时 , 计划去angkorwat , 我知道在摄像机上建立良好的照片是很难的 。
botrytis and anthracnose can cause rot of leaves and loss of young growth , usually stems lying on the ground or splashed during irrigation .	在灌溉过程中 , 瓶颈炎和哮喘会导致叶子的旋转 , 年轻的生长损失 , 通常是在地面上干燥或喷洒 。
the quality means person's general conditions which includes the person's quality of thought and moral , science ond culture , labour skill .	质量意味着人类的普遍条件包括人类思想质量和道德质量 , 科学上文化 , 劳动技能 。
wang wei expresses to this , cent brews really into the plan long already , the most crucial problem that faces is advertisement advocate admit degree .	王伟表示了这一点 , 中央真正吹进了计划的长期 , 面对最关键的问题是广告承认程度 。
we can reship orders that are returned to us as undeliverable or unclaimed . however , customers will be charged resend shipping fee per parcel .	然而 , 我们可以向我们返回的订单 , 无论是不可交付或无声称的 , 客户将被每公园收费 。
price undertakings shall not be sought or accepted unless mofcom have made a preliminary affirmative determination of dumping and injury caused by such dumping .	价格承担的价格不应该采取或接受 , 除非移动com已经做出了初步的确认性 , 因此受到这样的污染和伤害 。
results anthocyanin from purple sweet potato consists of cyanidin , delphinidin , malvidin , petunidin and methyl anthocyanins .	结果纯甜薯素athoyan是由氰胺、三苯胺、马尔维丁、肽和甲基甲烷组成的 。
get to know different types of smoking woods for making barbeque brisket and learn more about bbq grills and fire pits in this free cooking video .	了解不同种类型的吸烟木 , 为制造酒吧制作 , 学习更多关于bbq格栅和火坑在这个自由烹饪视频的bbq 。
solar alternativeitude , azimuth , geography longitude , latitude , alternativeitude , cloud cover , atmospheric transparency .	太阳能替代方式 , 动态 , 地理长期 , 纬度 , 替代方向 , 云覆盖 , 大气透明度 。
designer li xinggang once said the bowl shape would help spectators focus on the bottom center of the container , and integrate people and the structure as a whole .	设计师李兴刚曾经说 , 碗形能帮助观众关注容器底部 , 集成人们和结构 。
there might be no better place in the world to learn to scuba dive than the glassy seas around key west , at the southernmost tip of the u . s .	世界上没有更好的地方 , 学会比美国最南部最南部的一点 , 西方的玻璃海岸更多的地方 。
u . s . president barack obama is devoting most of his time and public appearances these days to one issue reforming the nation's health care system .	美国总统巴拉克奥巴马在今天的大多数时间和公众出现在改革国家健康保健体系的一个问题 。
the components of starch , fat , amino acid and ash were determined to analyzed nutrient components of iron stick yam and bubil .	测定了淀粉、脂肪、氨基酸和灰分子的成分 , 测定了铁酸和泡沫营养成分 。
i am a totally shock when i read this message , then i though back what he sms me last night , he seems like have some kind of showing since yesterday .	当我读到这个消息时 , 我完全震惊 , 然后我回来了他昨天晚上有什么样的东西 , 他看起来就像昨天那样有一些展示 。
as a characteristic type of city , resources cities have ever made great achievements in building up the whole industry and national economy system for china .	作为城市特色的城市 , 资源城市曾经在建设整个工业和国家经济体系中取得了巨大的成就 。
introduced are basic principle , process flow , technical characteristics and engineering example of locat sulfur recovery process and its application prospect in china .	介绍了当地硫回收过程的基本原理、过程流程、技术特点及工程实例及其在我国应用前景 。
if you've used rails acts_as_authenticated , you know that a loggedin user will set the value associated with the :user key within the session .	如果您已经使用了railsactsasauthentication , 您知道一个logedin用户将设置与会话内的用户关联的值 。
dinstein explained neural activity continues even during sleep and in a typical brain , normally correlates to certain patterns .	迪恩斯坦解释道 , 即使在睡眠和典型脑中 , 即使是神经活动仍然持续 , 通常与某些模式相关 。
the team also designed a removable observation tower that could be used to direct the fire of the howitzers and rockets while the tank was in a turret down position .	这个团队还设计了一个可移动观测塔 , 可以用来直接导致混合堆和火箭的火灾 , 而坦克在一片土地下的位置 。
our government should build various facilities such as sewage treatment plant and encourage scientists to work out more and better ways to reduce water pollution .	我们的政府应该建立各种设施 , 例如污水处理厂 , 鼓励科学家工作 , 更好地减少水污染 。
although they risked being heckled for saying so , chinese voices on the web suggested that public opinion here is ready for something more sophisticated .	尽管他们风险被震惊 , 所以中国在网络上发表声音建议在这里公共意见已经准备好了一些更复杂的事情 。
newland archer , looking out of his hotel window atthe stately gaiety of the paris streets , felt his heartbeating with the confusion and eagerness of youth .	纽兰阿克尔 , 看着他的酒店窗户在巴黎街的国家大气 , 感觉到他的心脏与青年的混乱和渴望 。
ben: yes . numerous people stayed up that night and on tv i saw people walking on the chang' an street waving the national flags excitedly .	本:是的 。 很多人住在那天晚上 , 在电视上我看到人们走在长城市的街道上 , 兴奋地挥舞着国家旗帜 。
interrogation hermione , he did admit that xiuzhi and zhimin also try their best to help cover hermione , the responsibility to push on the whole region .	他承认 , 徐志明还试图帮助赫敏 , 负责推动整个地区的责任 。
even though the fitted bodice can draw attention to ladies with smaller or heavier busts , small adjustments can be made to provide a more balanced shape .	虽然适配的bodic也可以引起更小或更重的小型或调整 , 但小型调整可以提供更多平衡的形状 。
clearly , different levels of management , whether shorebased or at sea , will require varying levels of knowledge and awareness of the items outlined .	显然 , 不同层次的管理 , 无论海岸基础或海洋 , 都要求不同层次的知识和认识项目是否要求海岸基础或海洋 。
the government allowed sharia law to be imposed there earlier this year after failing to suppress the twoyear offensive by armed extremists in the region .	今年早些时候 , 政府允许沙利亚法律被武装极端分子抑制两年的攻击 。
he added english subtitles for the movie were provided in eight local cinemas , although seven of them only showed its 2d version , according to the report .	据报道 , 他在8个地方电影中添加了英文小说 , 虽然7个只显示了它的2d版本 。
according to daly , an apple representative spoke to him by phone to inform him that the rejection of the app was due to its " politically charged " nature .	据daly说 , 一位苹果代表对他说话 , 告诉他 , 苹果公司拒绝 " 政治收费 " 自然 。
the scientific basis for establishing a set of scientific and integrated system of examination for further carrying out postgraduate education thorou...	科学基础是建立一套科学综合体系 , 为进一步实施后科研教育的进一步完成体系 。
perhaps most importantly , cd19l killed even those leukemia cells that were highly resistant to both standard chemotherapy drugs as well as radiation .	也许最重要的是 , cd19l甚至杀死了那些高度抵抗标准化疗药物和辐射的白血病细胞 。
the system will enable warfighters to use handheld computers to request fullmotion video of area of interests such as suspected enemy positions or hostile territory .	该系统将允许战士使用手持电脑 , 请求全体运动视频 , 例如嫌疑敌人地位或敌人地区等利益 。
ok is without doubt the bestknown and widesttravelled americanism , used and recognised even by people who hardly know another word of english .	好的是 , 没有疑问最有名的美国主义和最宽阔的美国主义 , 甚至很难认识到另一个英语的人 。
organizational keep zhou muyang when on the junction of the traffic policemen , in order to convenient life , she will be home and moved to the east china sea .	组织保持周默阳在交通政策的结束时 , 为了方便生活 , 她将回家搬到中国东海 。
the princess bride is the perfect romantic movie for men because it celebrates virtues that are important to the muddier sex , as well as the fairer .	公主新娘是男人最好的浪漫电影 , 因为它庆祝了对泥泞性的美德 , 以及公平 。
in the course of a few weeks tess revived sufficiently to show herself so far as was necessary to get to church one sunday morning .	在几个星期的过程中 , 几个星期的时候 , 充分发挥自己的功能 , 所以今天早上有必要去教会 。
the approach uses a fibrin gel to support rat cardiac cells temporarily , before the fibrin breaks down as the cells organize into tissue .	该方法采用纤维蛋白凝胶来支持大鼠心脏细胞暂时 , 在纤维蛋白突破之前 , 细胞组织成组织 。
discusses the windows which play an important role in building's energy saving and points nut that the lowe glass is the best one in this respect at present .	讨论建筑能源节能和节能点的窗口是目前最好的一个角色之一 。
over time , as we age , the number of mutations begins to outstrip the system’s ability to makerepairs , and mitochondria start malfunctioning and dying .	随着我们年龄的 , 突变的数量开始扩展系统的修复能力 , 米托诺多达里开始了恶化和死亡的能力 。
a separate study of holozooplankton , that look like tiny transparent insects , doubled the number of known species from 7 , 000 to 14 , 000 .	一项独立的研究 , 看起来像小透明昆虫一样 , 双重了解了7 , 000到14万种的物种数量 。
running the traditional kind of business is very stressful ! after trying out amway's products , and seeing how our upline was having such a great time , we decided to join .	运行传统的业务是非常紧张的 ! 经过试图完成产品 , 看看我们的上线如何有这样大的时间 , 我们决定加入 。
the blood is a human life is so important in human language , blood on the terms of the very rich , such as the energetic , emotional , hard , and so on .	血液是人类语言中的重要生命 , 是人类语言的重要组成部分 , 血液的丰富 , 如能量、情感、艰难等 。
berg got up , and cautiously embracing his wife so as not to crush the lace bertha , for which he had paid a round sum , he kissed her just on her lips .	伯格拿起来 , 谨慎地把妻子拿起来 , 所以不要打破贝特哈 , 因为他付了一轮的总结 , 他亲吻她的嘴唇 。
national oilwell varco has developed the next generation program , which will train and develop high potential college graduates for future leadership positions .	全国石油威尔瓦尔科已经开发了下一代项目 , 将培训和开发高潜在的大学毕业生为未来领导地位 。
railcars , carrying passengers and goods , are main tache in the railage . with the development of society , railage makes higher and higher demands on railcars .	铁路 , 携带乘客和货物 , 是铁路铁路的主要任务 , 随着社会的发展 , 铁路越来越高 , 铁路需求越高 。
she keeps a hopechest of items that were important to her husband: quilts made out of hisshirts , pillows made from his ties , his holeinone ball .	她保持希望她丈夫的一个重要项目 , 很重要的是她的丈夫:很快从他的衬衫上制成的枕头 , 枕头从他的身体 , 他的孔球 。
in the paper , the world uranium resources , its distribution and changes in some countries are introduced by using the information from red bookpublished in 2006 .	本文介绍了世界铀资源 , 在2006年发布的红图书 , 介绍了一些国家的分布和变化 。
now , the wahl ningbo is planning to develop domestic market both in professional , animal and consumer markets . we hope more people join us and we will be much better tomorrow .	现在 , 华尔宁波正计划在专业发展国内市场 , 动物和消费市场 , 我们希望更多的人们加入我们 , 我们将更好明天 。
a separate report on friday showed consumer credit rose in november for the second straight month after 20 months of declines , which could bode well for spending .	星期五 , 一份独立的报告显示 , 消费者信贷增长在11月第二个月后 , 下跌20个月后 , 这可能会使消费者开支良好 。
conclusionusing cgms and csii in diabetic patients can get valuable information about blood sugar drift and offer a reasonable clinical therapy .	结论糖尿病患者的cgmsi和csi可获得有价值的信息 , 并提供合理的临床疗效 。
an online hiphop community , has received an equity investment from universal music group the financial details of the investment were not disclosed .	网上hiphop社区已经收到了一项来自普通音乐集团的股权投资 , 投资的财务细节没有公开 。
but town planners , zealously trying to turn the capital into a modern , efficient and cosmopolitan city , have consigned most of them to history .	但是 , 镇计划者 , 热烈地试图将资本转变成现代、有效和宇宙利亚城市 , 已经被大多数人认为是历史 。
wordpress:pages are like posts but " live outside of the normal blog chronology " as you are reminded when you visit the manage pages subpanel .	字母:页面像posts , 但是 " 住在正常的博客色彩 " 之外 , 当您访问管理页面时 , 您就会提醒 。
the baby effective early learning program in the uk is a perfect and multiplex assessment system with the combination of evaluation making and education processes .	英国婴儿有效早期学习程序是一项完美、多元评估系统 , 结合评价和教育过程的结合 。
the addition of tapp has improved the compression strength and modulus of rpuf with respect to the compatibility enhancement derived from coupling agent .	加入tapp的增加 , 提高了rpuf的压缩强度和模块 , 同时提高了耦合剂的兼容性 。
this article introduces the villa named " bamboo wall " which was designed by the japanese architect kengo kuma , with analysis of the design process .	本文介绍了日本建筑师肯哥卡姆设计的 " 竹墙 " 的维拉 , 并对设计过程进行了分析 。
next , do an immediatemode compare of register 3 with the number 0 and store the result in register 4 with ceqi $4 , $3 , 0 .	接下来 , 做一个立即模式比较注册3的数字0 , 存储结果 , qi$4 , qi$4 , 0美元 。
on sunday the observer claimed that " the tea party rose out of anger over the scale of federal spending , and in particular in bailing out the banks " .	星期日 , 观察官声称 " 茶党在联邦开支规模上升 , 尤其是在银行中 " 。
by the late 1990s , however , licensing samples had become so costly that many rappers began to create backing tracks and sounds from scratch instead .	然而 , 到了1990年代末 , 许可样本已经变得如此昂贵 , 许多拉普人开始创造回溯跟踪和声音 。
the fiveyear survival rate for melanoma is about 98 percent if detected early but can be as low as 15 percent when detected at an advanced stage .	如果检测早期的5年生存率达到98% , 但在先进阶段检测到的15%时 , 黑色素瘤的生存率大约是98% 。
but after the passing of galadriel in a few years celeborn grew weary of his realm and went to imladris to dwell with the sons of elrond .	但是 , 几年来 , 加拉德里尔的经过了几年的庆祝生涯 , 他的皇家的婚礼 , 和埃伦的儿子一起去 。
on the evening of march 28 , 2001 , chilean president met with foreign minister tang who was in chile to attend the east asialatin america forum .	2001年3月28日晚 , 智利总统与外交部长唐在智利参加东美论坛 。
on the back side of the glove are hundreds of rhinestones individually sewn on . this glove is a significant piece of pop history .	在手套的背侧 , 数百个rinhestestone个人缝纫 , 这种手套是流行历史的重要组成部分 。
business is booming for detroitbased companies in china today , and those partnerships are paying off at a time when sales in the u . s . have been less than stellar .	今天中国的基于毁灭的公司正在增加 , 当美国销售额的时候 , 这些伙伴关系正在减少 。
the outlook on organic form in new criticism consists of three concepts such as " literary autonomy " , " organic whole " and " unity of opposites " .	新批评中的有机形式 , 包括 " 文学自治 " 、 " 有机整体 " 和 " 相反 " 三个概念 。
the following command will create , within volume group testvg , a jfs2 file system of 10mb with mounting point /fs2 and having read only permissions	下面的命令将创建 , 在体积组测试vg中 , jfs2文件系统具有安装点/fs2的jfs2文件系统 , 只读取允许 。
objective to study the relationship between interleukin 6 and interleukin 18 levels in serum and the syndrome differentiation of rheumatoid arthritis .	目的探讨白蛋白6和白蛋白18水平在血清中的关系及风湿性动脉炎综合鉴别 。
the current operation state and problems of electromagnetic stirring system of skf furnace of no . 1 steel mill of maanshan iron & steel co .	马山铁钢铁和钢铁公司的skf炉skf炉的电磁搅拌系统现状及问题 。
meanwhile , double lineage inheritance , equal inheritance between the sexes , and establishment of individual property have become the basic content .	同时 , 双阶段继承 , 等于性别之间的遗传 , 建立个人属性的基本内容已成为基本内容 。
the perfect state of love is being single and alone , just like the flower words delivered by garland flowers : keep the memory in the summer ...	爱情的完美状态是单独独独独独独独的 , 就像花朵传递的花词:保持夏天的记忆 。
the huadian basin situated in southern jilin province of ne china is a half graben basin and lies to north of the dunhuamishan faults .	中国南部吉林省的湖南盆地位于中国的一个半格拉伯盆地 , 位于荷兰盆地北部 。
this unit features two 128gallon mixing tanks , a 30gallon holding hopper and a flanged inlet progressive cavity grout pump .	本单元具有两个128gallon混合坦克 , 一个30gallo持有hopper和一个方向的进口腔槽泵 。
although " reasonable pluralism " often characterizes the public culture of a democracy , the mainstream ideology in modern times is economism .	虽然 " 合理多元主义 " 经常表现出民主文化的公共文化 , 但现代主流思想是经济主义 。
a chemicalriskassessment model system is recently constructed , based on updated atmospheric dispersion numerical algorithms and the adjoint method .	最近建立了一种基于更新大气分散算法和邻接方法的化学评价模型 。
the selection of commodities and the assignment of weights require careful consideration , but if done properly inflation will no longer be a matter of concern .	商品的选择和重量的分配需要仔细考虑 , 但如果做到适当的通货膨胀不再是关注的问题 。
methods according to the reasonable operative plan , operation was performed under the guidance of ct and bultrasonotomography on the examining table with carm .	方法根据合理的手术方案 , 采用ct指导和超声图对卡姆检查表进行手术 。
now therefore know certainly that ye shall die by the sword , by the famine , and by the pestilence , in the place whither ye desire to go and to sojourn .	所以 , 所以当然知道 , 耶和华必由剑死 , 由于祭祀 , 祭祀 , 所以你愿意去和享受 。
an integrating analog to digital converter is disclosed that comprises a delay locked loop which is synchronized to a reference clock signal .	讨论了数字转换器的集成模拟 , 包含一个延迟锁定循环 , 同步到参考钟信号 。
the newspaper said that hkma will increase its exposure in the two european capitals through the exchange fund , an investment vehicle hkma manages .	报纸称 , hkma将通过交易基金 , 投资车辆hkma管理增加两个欧洲资本暴露 。
stocks' recent pullback has put renewed pressure on household budgets . the s&p 500 index has fallen about 4 percent so far in july .	股票最近的普拉回报已经在家庭预算上再生压力 , 标准普尔500指数今年7月下跌了约4% 。
and he reinstituted limits on nongovernmental organizations that operate overseas and receive u . s . taxpayer money from performing abortions .	他对非政府组织的限制限制了海外运营和接受美国纳税人资金的非政府机构的限制 。
if special circumstances prevent this from being realized , it may issue them in installments with the approval of the securities committee of the state council .	如果特殊情况防止这种情况 , 它可能会与国家委员会的证券委员会批准安装 。
in general relativity , time is considered a dimension like height , width and depth , creating a four dimensional universe called spacetime .	一般相对性 , 时间被认为是高度、宽度和深度的维度 , 创造一个叫做空间时空的四维宇宙 。
few people were custom to making inquiries of their souls from very earlier due to it is more difficult to inspect one's own heart than write a resume .	少数人习惯于早些时候 , 他们的灵魂质量很大 , 因为它更难检查自己的心脏比写回报更难 。
a spokesman for fernando lugo , paraguay’s president , said that he would continue in office despite being diagnosed with lymphatic cancer .	巴拉圭总统的发言人弗南多·卢戈表示 , 尽管与淋巴癌诊断有关 , 他仍然会继续在办公室 。
the permit holder shall ensure that the project is designed , constructed and operated in accordance with the information and recommendations contained in the eia report .	允许持有人应当确保项目被设计、建立和运作按照在eia报告中包含的信息和建议进行 。
this model duration is longer , disappear naturally slow also , if have reappearance rash , can show constantly snakelike , annulus much shape , more annular .	这种模型的时间长 , 消失的自然速度也慢 , 如果有重复的rash , 可以显示不断的蛇状 , 细胞形状多 , 更多的周期 。
in 2007 , niu niu joined emi family and thus became the world's youngest classic pianist signed by international classic music brands .	2007年 , 牛牛仔加入了emi家庭 , 因此成为世界上最年轻的经典钢琴家 , 由国际经典音乐品牌签署 。
but in my experience , the base uml language is more than sufficient for documenting the essentials of the architecture of most softwareintensive systems .	但是 , 在我经验中 , 基本uml语言对于大多数软件密集系统的建筑要求不足以文档 。
i think if i do some aerobic exercise at night , it could help boost my energy levels during the 15am period where i experience the most drowsiness .	我想如果我在晚上做一些航空运动 , 它可以帮助我在15am的时候提高能源水平 。
from the first day of treatment with ae , the chemotaxis of mice pmn began to descend and the effect of large dosagegroups were greater than that of small dosage groups .	从ae治疗的第一天 , 小鼠pmn的化学物质开始降低 , 大剂量的剂量对小剂量组的影响大于小剂量 。
the presentation at the chicago conference , which recently disappeared from a siemens web site , never discussed specific places where the machines were used .	在芝加哥会议上 , 最近从西门子网站消失的芝加哥会议上 , 从来没有讨论机器使用的特定地方 。
according to the fire statistics , the onevariable linear regression mathematical model is used to predict the spread of fire and to supervise the fire prevention .	根据火灾统计 , 采用一种可变线性回归数学模型预测火灾传播 , 监督火灾预防 。
methods 245 undergraduate students were evaluated by selfrating depression scale , selfrating anxiety scale and a selfmade questionnaire .	方法对245名自我抑郁症学生进行自我评价 , 自我抵抗焦虑规模和自制问卷评价 。
'we shouldn't be coerced through this process to contribute more to that effort than we're willing to do voluntarily , ' mr . lauria told the court .	劳里亚先生告诉法院说 , 我们不应该通过这个过程来贡献更多的努力 。
the celegians are a species of intelligent scyphozoans , appearing as floating brains trailing a cluster of prehensile tentacles .	青少年是一种智能科学家 , 出现为浮动大脑的种类 , 培养了怀孕面具的集群 。
studies have suggested that demand for new planes from chinese airlines will increase fivefold over the next 20 years , requiring over 2 , 000 additional aircraft .	研究表明 , 中国航空公司新飞机的需求将在未来20年内增加五倍 , 需要超过2 , 000多架飞机 。
the people of israel saw the amazing works of god and heard the thundering voice of god from mount sinai , and they trembled in righteous fear .	以色列人看到上帝的惊奇作品 , 听到了从新加尼的神的声音 , 他们在正确的恐惧中感到恐惧 。
in many regions , teachers engage in preparation before they start teaching in schools , a stage referred to in this document as preservice teacher education .	在许多地区 , 教师在学校开始教学之前 , 一个阶段被称为保守教师教育的阶段 。
i can ! when eden was born he was given antibiotics to clear excess fluid from his lungs . the nicu doctors advised us to permit it .	我可以 ! 当埃登出生时 , 他被给予抗生素清除肺脏过多的流体时 , 尼古医生建议我们允许它 。
a friendly microclimate unfurled itself from the bottle of johnnie walker and encouraged my imagination to emerge from its burrow .	一个友好的微气候从约翰妮走廊瓶子里放出来 , 鼓励我的想象从它的浏览中出现 。
as they were passing through a grove of small trees , they heard a great fluttering over their heads and a feeble chirping in the grass by the roadside .	当他们穿过一棵小树的时候 , 他们听到了他们的头部的大流动 , 路边的草地里的一只可怕的灌木 。
in addition to the body has some disease outside smoked more than 10 a day or alcohol and have genital inflammation is can't use drugs of abortion .	除了身体外有一些疾病 , 每天还有10多个酒精 , 生殖炎症是不能使用的药物 。
ie10 platform preview 1 , available for download today is the first step in delivering the next wave of progress in native html5 support .	ie10平台预测1 , 今天可供下载的下载的第一步是本地html5支持的下一步 。
therefore on teaching reform , the training of the former should be combined to the training of latter so that students may improve their overall capacity in thinking .	因此 , 教学改革的培训应该与以后的培训相结合 , 以便学生可以提高思维的整体能力 。
the ceramic coatings possess some excellent capability of corrosion resistance , heatstrike resistance , wearlessness , electric insulation and so on .	陶瓷涂料具有耐腐蚀性、耐热性、耐磨性、耐磨性、绝缘性等优点 。
the controller has been used in multiunit electric drive synchronization control system of textile dyeing machinery . it has high control presision and reliability .	该控制器在纺织染料机械多功能驱动同步控制系统中应用 , 具有较高的控制压力和可靠性 。
conclusion discrimination dosages of 5 insecticides to adult mosquito could be used for the resistance detection of cx . pipiens pallens in china .	结论5种杀虫剂量可用于我国cx.pipienspallens的耐药检测 。
for most , the goal is to swallow all the grapes before the last stroke of midnight , but peruvians insist on taking in a 13th grape for good measure .	对于大多数人来说 , 目标是在晚上一条葡萄前吞下所有葡萄 , 但乌尔维亚人坚持在13个葡萄上采取良好的措施 。
the synchronization information is carried by short code , which overcomes the difficulty of correlation code transmission in fast frequencyhopping .	通过短代码进行同步信息 , 克服快速存储频率相关代码传输困难 。
this is what leads to the need to delineate the relationship and distinction between serviceorientation and serviceoriented technology architecture . here’s one way of breaking it down	这是导致服务方向和服务方向的技术体系之间的关系和区别的必要性 。
errors of this type get passed through into the generated code or configuration files , which can make it difficult to backtrack to the original source of the problem .	这种类型的错误通过生成代码或配置文件传递 , 使得它难以回溯到原始的问题来源 。
the direct cause is the emerging atmbased bisdn and the advent of adsl , the shortened form of asymmetric digital subscriber loop .	直接原因是出现不对称数字订阅循环的不对称数字订阅循环的形式 。
the conclusion is that assembling waterstoring cellar is technically viable , and should be popularized in watercollection and watersaving irrigation projects .	结论:组装水调节细胞是技术可行的 , 应该在水采集和节水灌溉工程中受欢迎的 。
it is important to point out , though , that schools of a certain type actively seek out waldorf graduates as potential students .	然而 , 学校的某种类型积极寻求沃尔多夫毕业生作为潜在学生 。
senior officials from 21 countries are meeting in hawaii this week for the annual summit of the asia pacific economic cooperation forum apec .	本周 , 来自21个国家的高级官员在海威夷举行会议 , 亚太太太平洋经济合作论坛apec年度峰会 。
it also discusses function of city circular road construction , the necessity of performing by stages and the station of viaduct in circular road .	文章还讨论了城市循环路建设的功能、阶段执行的必要性及环境路的站点 。
the multipurpose combined plough can combine the cultivation and loosening and implements the work of an empty entity coexistence cultivation method .	多用途组合plough可以结合培养和松散 , 实现空实体共存培养方法的工作 。
sun erniangs is strongly commended by shi nai'an , revealing his advanced concepts of equality between men and women at that time .	孙erniangs强烈推荐的shinaian , 揭示了他在男女和女性之间平等的先进概念 。
some instinct had startled them , and they turned their backs on the train and began to bounce away through the grass , their motion as graceful as any ballerina's .	有些引擎已经开始了他们 , 他们把他们的背部转到火车上 , 开始从草地上跳出来 , 他们的运动就像任何球员那样优雅 。
pyridoxine : was found to be more effective than methylphenidate in treating a group of hyperactive children in a doubleblind , crossover study .	pyridoxine:在双盲、交叉研究中 , 发现比甲基苯酸甲酯治疗一组高活性儿童更有效 。
advertising play a significant role in american business , furthermore , it exerts enormous effects on the nation's economy .	广告在美国业务方面扮演了重要作用 , 进一步 , 它对国家经济产生了巨大的影响 。
thank you for your collection and keeping the weidong xing works and this collection card , and your behavior of collecting will also be an important part of the works .	感谢您的收藏 , 保持温东清作品和收藏卡 , 收藏行为也是作品的重要组成部分 。
participants who took a daily dose saw their average number of satisfying sexual experiences increase from 2 . 7 to 4 . 5 per month .	参与者每天花了一份日常剂量看到他们平均满意性经验的参与者每月2.7至4.5 。
there is good oil and gas exploration potentiality in the low permeability chang 4+5 reservoir on yanchang formation in jiyuan area , ordos basin .	江元地区杨昌地区平昌4+5储层中存在良好的油气勘探潜力 , 具有良好的渗透性 。
the research will look at whether taking garlic capsules can disrupt the communication system of the pathogen pseudomonas to prevent illness from taking hold .	研究将看看是否采取加利胶囊是否会破坏病因伪单体的通信系统 , 以防止疾病的持续性 。
because of the special geological features in sublayers reservoir , the general method of injecting chemical agent does not fit the development of sublayers .	由于亚层储层特殊的地质特点 , 注射化学代理的通用方法不适合亚层的发展 。
" i'm not saying that we looked dowdy , " mary says . " she said , 'you don't have to be dirty to be poor . ' i always remember that . "	" 我并不说我们看起来很多 , " 玛丽说 , " 她说 , " 你不必是贫穷的 。 " 我总是记得 。 "
it will be said that this revolution is likely to be betrayed or hijacked , that the hardliners and the theocrats are certain to prevail at the end of the day .	据说 , 这种革命可能会被背叛或hijack打击 , 硬线器和ocrat一定要预防日底 。
while iq and personality test may not bear much direct relation to fechner's ideas , their spirit is the same: to measure , to quantify , to know the difference between .	虽然iq和个性测试不能承受更多的直接关系 , 但他们的精神相同:测量 , 量化 , 了解不同的差异 。
but the sandbox has walls , as weibo for now does not play much with the outside world , and is subject to a rigorous monitoring and censorship regime .	但是 , 沙箱有墙壁 , 正如魏博现在没有与外世界玩得很多 , 而且对一个严格的监控和审查政策的主题 。
well , that's a pretty big megaphone . and you'd be hardpressed , if you watched the entire day , to find a positive story about me on that front .	好吧 , 这是一个非常大的电话 , 如果你看完整的日子 , 找到一个关于我前面的积极故事 。
in 2008 , ceo braddock realized that one of the biggest obstacles to ordering groceries online is that consumers can't inspect and touch perishable food .	2008年 , ceobraddobraddock意识到 , 在线订购杂货的最大障碍之一是消费者不能检查和触摸可行的食物 。
per patient treated , there is considerable variation in budgets for firstline drugs , in total ntp budgets and in total costs for each year 2002–2005 .	每个患者治疗 , 预算有相当的变化 , 每年每年的ntp预算和总成本均为2002-2005 。
also an improvement has been made by inventing a kind of composite press which possesses the advantages of both the friction press and the hydraulic press .	同时 , 通过发明了一种复合压力 , 具有摩擦压力和液压力的优势 。
it was considered a sign of progress that india’s parliament debated “population stabilization” this month after largely ignoring the issue for years .	本月 , 印度议会争论 " 人口稳定 " 的标志是印度议会的进展 , 大多数年来忽视这个问题 。
guanglei is studying the bachelor of visual media at griffith university campus and provides some fun and helpful insights in to his experience at griffith .	广利正在研究格里菲大学视觉媒体的研究 , 为格里菲斯大学校园提供了一些有趣的观察 。
it's useless staring at scoreboard . as nearly all the people had left the stand , hank resentfully went out of the stadium and got to the car in the parking lot .	这是无用的站在斯科尔板上 , 几乎所有的人都离开了站台 , 隐匿地从体育场走出来 , 停车很多 。
while the current numbers may suggest a step in that direction , analysts say they are not a definitive indicator of a turnaround in china's trade .	尽管目前的数字可能会建议一个步骤 , 但分析人员说 , 他们并不是中国贸易的定义指标 。
“this rubbish translation is edited at points , ” groused one post attached to the translation on sina . com , a popular web portal .	" 这是rubish翻译的编辑在点上编辑 , " 一篇文章附加在新加.com上 , 一个流行的web门户 。
we analyses four main models of antimonopoly authority institution , and point that efficient power is very important to antimonopoly authority .	分析了反垄断机构的四个主要模型 , 指出有效的权力对抗垄断机构具有重要意义 。
the donor must receive proper medical followup but this is often lacking when he or she is seen as a means to making a profit , " added dr luc noel .	捐赠者必须接受适当的医疗跟踪 , 但当他或她被看作是为了赚取利润的手段时 , 这通常缺乏 。
and what " s more , the acreages of garden plot , agroland , residential and industrial land would gain its peak and then decrease to stable state . "	另外 , 农田、农田、住宅和工业土地的密度将增加其峰值 , 然后降低稳定状态 。
at least 19 people died in a stampede at the love parade dance music festival in the western german city of duisburg on july 24 , the bbc reported .	据bbc报道 , 7月24日 , 德国杜伊斯堡西部德国杜伊斯堡的西部舞蹈音乐节至少19人死亡 。
imagination can make us anything , and , even if a teiresias syndrome leads to no overt acts , literature can make us anything and put us anywhere .	想象能让我们任何东西 , 即使是一个爱尔西亚综合征导致没有过度的行为 , 文学可以让我们任何东西 , 把我们放在任何地方 。
after finishing , he removed flag and cheerfully wiped his mouth with it . some of stilwell's chinese are as young as 14 , few are older than 25 .	完成之后 , 他把旗子移除 , 很高兴地擦掉嘴巴 , 一些西尔威尔的中国人像14岁 , 少数比25岁 。
a city of westcentral peru on the pacific ocean near lima . founded in 1537 , it is peru's largest port . population , 264 , 133 .	1537年 , 位于辽马附近的太平洋中部的一个城市 , 成立于秘鲁最大的港口 。 人口264 , 133 。
noone made a fuss and i have found it hard to make the case that this archaeologically superrich city is much poorer without one old tumbledown mosque .	没有人做了一个融合 , 我发现这个案例很难让这座考古学超级的城市变得更贫穷 , 没有一个旧的摩西 。
you must have gone through a difficult time , trying to learn a foreign language and at the same time adapting to a totally different culture and environment .	你必须经历一个艰难的时间 , 试图学习外语 , 同时适应完全不同的文化和环境 。
a man hunted for a fox and finally lost himself in the forest . he walked around anxiously . at dark he met an old lady with white hair .	一个人为狐狸打猎 , 最后在森林里丢失了自己 。 他在暗暗的时候 , 他遇见了一位老妇女 。
the atoll—a ringshaped island enclosing a central lagoon—is part of the tuamotu archipelago , the largest chain of atolls on earth .	地球上最大的一链 , 环形的岛屿包裹着一个中央的拉戈隆 , 是海啸岛的一部分 , 是地球上最大的一链 。
pennaceous feathers cover the bodies of birds , and their tightly closed vanes create the aerodynamic surfaces of the wings and tail .	凤凰的羽毛覆盖了鸟体的身体 , 它们紧密关闭的花瓣创造了翅膀和尾巴的空气动力学表面 。
it is often necessary to map one business object into another when coordinating between heterogeneous systems , or even as part of normal business logic .	将一个业务对象映射成另一个业务对象协调在异构系统之间 , 甚至作为正常业务逻辑的一部分 。
but , sometimes , that fatigue stems from low iron stores , particularly prevalent among women in their 20s and 30s , who don’t eat much meat .	然而 , 有时候 , 这种疲劳从低铁店里偷走 , 尤其是在20和30岁的女性中 , 他们不吃很多肉 。
the results showed the design was reasonable and the motion was reliable . the property of chain which was assembly by those hardened chain pins achieved high level in the world .	结果表明 , 该设计合理 , 运动可靠 , 其性质可靠 , 由于这些硬化链的组装 , 实现了世界上高水平 。
in order to relieve the habitat pressure of coastal birds , it is necessary to build waterfowl ponds at the edge of the core zone .	为了减少沿海鸟的习惯压力 , 必须在核心区边建造水流池 。
infoq: it seems that your wish regarding the video codecs is getting closer to happen as google announced they are dropping h . 264 .	infoq:看来 , 您希望看到视频编码器正在接近google宣布他们正在下降h.264 。
madonna , cherie blair and the beckhams have all moved to silence nannies who threatened to lift the apron on their domestic lives .	麦当娜 , 奶酪布莱尔和贝克汉姆斯都搬到了沉默的南米州 , 他们威胁在国内生活中升起了广泛的地方 。
equipped with a night vfr avionics suite from either dynon or garmin , getting out and back to your secret destination will also be much easier .	设备一夜的vfr航空公司 , 设备来自伦敦或加拉明的夜间航空公司 , 得到并回到您的秘密目的地也会更容易 。
the bars and cafes that ring the plaza have filled it with tables . families stop here after their evening stroll , or paseo , for a glass of wine .	酒吧和咖啡馆里装满了桌子 , 家庭在晚上停在这里 , 或是paseo , 为一杯酒 。
according to chen xi , a senior consultant at zhaopin . com , companies discard staff who cannot generate profit in economic slumps .	据陈秀说 , 赵普林的高级顾问陈秀 , 公司不能在经济衰退中产生利润的公司泄露员工 。
“our offer does not require approval from the eu , ” said ruban yogarajah , a spokesman for bhp , the world’s biggest mining company .	世界最大的矿业公司发言人rubanygarjah说: " 我们不要求欧盟批准 。 "
stockmarket indices , soaring house prices and low inflation surely did more to feed bankers’ and borrowers’ exaggerated sense of wellbeing .	股市指数 , 房价和低通货膨胀肯定对银行家和借款者的疲惫感受更多 。
the practice indicated that conditional knowledge is the important foundation for career development of teacher , play an unreplaceable part in teacher's routine work .	实践表明 , 条件知识是教师职业发展的重要基础 , 在教师工作中扮演不可替代的部分 。
as well as beating all other sportswomen , the 20yearold finished ahead of the likes of charlize theron , natalie portman and salma hayek .	和其他运动员一样 , 20岁以前的20岁的最终完成了如同慈善 , 纳塔利·波特曼和萨尔玛·海伊克 。
to ensure that we got meaningful results , we also verified that the grid index is actually exploited for this query as explained in a later section .	为了确保我们得到有意义的结果 , 我们还证明网格指数实际上是在后一节解释的 。
for instance , in the short term market peaked , many people point to petty profits , the stock has clearly powei would also like to defend or even to cover positions !	比如 , 在短期市场上涨 , 许多人指向宠物利润 , 股票清晰的波威夷也愿意保护或覆盖地位 !
investors seem to be somewhat undecided , with hisoft stock down 9 percent during regular monday trading but then rebounding 17 percent in after hours .	投资者似乎没有被指定 , 他的股票在周一交易中下跌了9% , 但在几个小时后 , 后者重新反弹了17% 。
note that arthur is not going in to work at the crack of dawn , as he has a conversation in the burrow with amos diggory , who has already been at work for some time .	注意到 , 阿瑟不会在达文裂缝工作 , 因为他有一个与mos糖尿病的交谈 , 已经有一段时间工作了 。
typical office hierarchies don't apply: managers like farrar , who oversee teams of hundreds of artists on big films , are rootless .	典型的办公层次不会申请:像法拉那这样的经理 , 超过数百名艺术家 , 是无根的 。
from now , only the intelsat did the 16qam experiments in space communication , and their 16qam is made by conventional method , and its data rate is not high .	目前 , 只有16qam实验在空间通信中的16qam实验 , 他们的16qam是由传统方法制造的 , 其数据率不高 。
laparoscopic hernia repair is a technique to fix tears in the abdominal wall using small incisions , telescopes and a patch .	腹腔镜疝修复是用小切口 , 望远镜和帕特固定眼泪固定的技术 。
neither had married nor had any living heirs and my father once told me that it was because they were both too stingy to share their family wealth or pass iton .	一旦父亲告诉我这是因为他们的家庭财富和过去 , 都不会结婚 。
to the tune of an electric russian dance theme , players fit falling polyominoes into one another to clear the board and achieve the most points .	对于一个俄罗斯舞蹈主题的tun来说 , 玩家配合聚氨基聚氨基 , 清理板 , 实现最多的点 。
a cree exclamation of awe , “yoho” applies perfectly to the park’s big peaks , expansive glaciers , and impressive waterfalls .	一个危险的声音 , " 你 " 适用于公园的大峰、膨胀的冰川和令人印象的瀑布 。
his expression_r was truly comical and at that moment i did not know whether he was a preposterous old man pulling my leg or whether he was really a simpleton .	他的表达式是真正的很重要的 , 在那时我不知道他是否是一个前哨的老人拉腿 , 或者他是否真的是一个简单的ton 。
the design schemes , which are good or not , influence the investment and period of construction directly , and determine the service and economic results after completation of construction .	设计方案可直接影响建设的投资期 , 决定完成后的服务和经济效果 。
the invention involves fluorine plastic liner manufacturing and application technology , particularly a fluorine plastic lining composite product and its manufacturing method .	本发明涉及氟塑胶衬砌制造及应用技术 , 尤其是一种氟塑料衬砌复合材料及其制造方法 。
objective: to evaluate the effects of plateletderived growth factorbb on the attachment and proliferation of periodontal ligament cells on different root surfaces .	目的:评价板层生长因子对不同根表面附着和增殖的影响 。
pyongyang , the capital of the revolution , was spruced up and the socialist fairyland was unfolded everywhere to change the looks of the country tremendously .	平永阳 , 革命的首都 , 被破坏了 , 社会主义公平主义公平主义公平地不断改变国家的看法 。
the clinkering process of the bariumcontaining sulphoaluminate cement clinker was studied by the means of high temperature microscope and xrd .	采用高温显微镜和xrd方法 , 研究了含硫酸钠水泥克隆器的吸收过程 。
cisc processors generally feature variablelength instructions , multiple addressing formats , and contain only a small number of generalpurpose registers .	cisc处理器通常具有变长指令、多地址格式 , 只包含小量通用注册器 。
to be honest , much of it had little to do with the content of the class , as we were taught the same things that any university of michigan thermo 1 student would learn .	为了诚实 , 大多数人都没有与课堂内容一起做 , 因为我们教导了密歇根热mo1所学生的大学同样的事情 。
since china resumed the financial trust business in 1979 , the trust industry has experienced six major improvements and rectification .	自1979年中国重新启动金融信任业务 , 信任产业经历了六大改进和修改 。
objective:to observe the therapeutic efficacy of nebulized budesonide suspension plus albuterol and ipratropium bromide in childhood asthma .	前言:目的:观察颈动脉悬浮治疗小儿哮喘新生儿血栓的疗效 。
she added all bp errors identified by the southern utes and the federal government have been corrected and the majority of them had no impact on royalty payments .	她补充了南utes的所有bp错误 , 联邦政府已经修正 , 大多数人对皇家薪酬没有影响 。
after fleeing the marriage that her father tried to arrange , she found happiness in the netherlands but lost a close friend who was murdered by a muslim zealot .	在逃离婚姻之后 , 她的父亲试图安排 , 她在荷兰找到幸福 , 但失去了一位由穆斯林·齐拉特谋杀的朋友 。
through them perfectly visible unique mechanism bugatti , built on the principle of a skyscraper , although stories in it are only five .	通过他们完全可见的机制布格拉蒂 , 建立在天空飞行器的原则上 , 虽然在这里只有五个故事 。
but the company generally doesn't give to charity ; it doesn't contribute to political campaigns ; it shouldn't be , ideally , doing any of those things .	但是 , 公司通常不会给慈善 , 它不会贡献政治活动 ; 它不应该是理想的 , 做任何事情 。
grandma billye , who is now 96 years old , loaned him $100 to start his first business , a fireworks stand he established in the 8th grade .	现在96岁的格兰德玛·布莱伊 , 借给他100美元开始他的第一个业务 , 一个消防工作站在第8年级建立 。
shantou city , lake food machinery factory is a professional production of automatic diecutting machine , fengguan machine , polishing machine business .	山东市山东市湖食品机械厂是一家专业生产自动管理机械、凤莞机械、抛光机业务的专业生产 。
liverpool manager rafael benitez has praised captain steven gerrard for raising his game against the background of rumours of problems with his marriage .	利物浦经理rafaelbenitez赞成了斯蒂文·杰拉德 , 为了提高他的婚姻背景而提高他的竞争力 。
the cui madam's viewpoint is quite comprehend , accurate still have some to resent curious li xing asks for for the sake of the peony so much bothersome .	cuimadam的观点是非常完整的 , 准确的还有很多可爱的lixing要求为了让牡丹那么多的烦恼 。
this article introduces a design and practice of an enterprise distributing resource planning , illuminates the structure of the drp and implementing technology .	本文介绍了企业分配资源规划的设计和实践 , 阐述了解决技术的结构和实施工艺 。
renewed efforts are needed to increase support for the " three rurals " , namely the rural economy , rural development and rural demography (	农村经济、农村发展和农村民主的支持 , 需要重新努力 , 增加 " 三农村 " 的支持 。
the effects of roundtrip optical length fluctuation , assumed to be an ergodic random process , on a fiberoptic ring resonator are analyzed in detail .	详细分析了圆纹光学长度波动的影响 , 假定是一个算法随机过程 , 对纤维环共振器进行了详细分析 。
this article uses a combination of probabilistic and nonprobabilistic methods to describe the uncertain factors that influence structural reliability analysis .	本文利用概率性和非概率性方法的结合 , 描述了影响结构可靠性分析的不确定因素 。
use hoil , hydrogen blocking silicone oil , hexamethyldisiloxane , d4 to synthesized the needed hydrogen silicone oil .	采用hoil、氢阻塞硅油、六甲基硅烷、d4合成需要的硅油 。
objective to investigate the effects of total saponins of paeonia on trace elements and myocardial ultramicrostructure of dog with acute myocardial infarction .	目的探讨胰岛素总皂苷对急性心肌梗死的追踪元素及心肌超微结构的影响 。
aim to study on the alterations of t suppressor cell function in patients with ulcerative colitis and crohn's disease and their clinical significance .	目的探讨慢性结肠炎患者t抑制细胞功能的变化及其临床意义 。
we which return to together care for a tube , vernal equinox elder sister at ordinary times speak nobody too challenge don't listen to .	我们在一起回到一起关心管道 , 垂直平衡的老妹在普通时说没有人太挑战的时候 , 没有人听不到 。
it served in the western and eastern front notably in the battle of normandy , operation " market garden " in holland , and the offensive in ardennes .	它在西方和东方的战斗中 , 在荷兰运营 " 市场园 " 的战斗中 , 以及阿登山的攻击 。
the fifth chapter discusses the related problems of the capital city system of liao dynasty , including the relation between zuzhou city and liao shangjing ;	第五章讨论辽代资本城市体系的相关问题 , 包括周城与辽京之间的关系 ;
but president obama's budget director , peter orszag , says republicans are just wrong in their assertions about the president's tax proposals .	但是奥巴马总统的预算董事彼得·奥斯扎格说 , 共和党人只是在他们对总统的税收建议的评估中错误 。
force consequently requires solicitation from without: it works blindly: and on account of this defectiveness of form , the content is also limited and accidental .	由于没有必要的力量需要解决:它是盲目的:在此缺陷的形式中 , 内容也是有限的和意外的 。
she maintains her fashionista reputation by wearing tshirts sporting the avatar from her favorite game and by carrying her personalized avatar coffee mug .	她保持她的时尚主义者的声誉 , 穿t恤衫运动了她最喜欢的游戏 , 携带她个人化的咖啡 。
in a book titled mindset: the new psychology of success , stanford psychologist carol dweck gives a name to what i’ve just described .	在一本著名的思维集:新心理学的成功 , 斯坦福德心理学家卡罗·dweck给我所描述的名字 。
they claim that in order to become any more intelligent the human brain would need vast amounts of extra energy and oxygen – and we simply cannot provide it .	他们声称 , 为了成为任何更聪明的人类大脑需要大量额外的能量和氧气 , 我们只能提供它 。
washington jan 22 regulators seized five u . s . banks on friday , driving up the tally in what is expected to be a busy year for bank failures .	华盛顿1月222日监管机构周五在美国银行开车 , 预计将成为银行失败的忙碌年 。
the international energy agency expects global oil demand to grow by just 400 , 000 barrels a day this year , to 86 . 5 million barrels a day .	国际能源机构预计今年全球石油需求增长400万桶 , 每天86500万桶 。
tv news brands are also heavily visited by nonprint newspaper readers , underscoring the importance of sight , sound and motion to the digital news experience .	电视新闻品牌也受非印刷报纸读者的访问 , 认识了视觉、声音和运动对数字消息经验的重要性 。
in morerecent public comments , mr . wen has pledged to maintain foreign business confidence in china and to meet more regularly with international executives .	在最近公众评论中 , 温先生承诺在中国维护外商业信心 , 经常与国际执行官相遇 。
if the timer expires before data in the segment is acknowledged , tcp assumes that the segment has lost or being damaged , and a retransmission is sent .	如果时间器在分段的数据被承认之前 , tcp假设分段失去或损害 , 并发送重新传递 。
because it returns a result with nominal nanosecond resolution , it's natural to think that it has the same accuracy and precision limitations as system . nanotime .	由于它返回了与名义纳米二分辨率的结果 , 自然认为它具有相同的精度和精度限制 。
as a result , threading a perfectly weighted through ball to your striker releases a feeling of achievement more potent than completing a quadratic equation .	因此 , 通过球向前锋发布了一个完美的成就感觉比完成二次方程更多的能力 。
according to the company , it further expanded its production capacity and its combined annual production capacity reached 5 . 57 million tons in december 2008 .	根据该公司的研究 , 进一步扩大了其生产能力 , 其年度生产能力达到了2008年12月5.57亿吨 。
the simulation indicates that the instrument greatly enhances the measurement accuracy for parameters of l , c and r , and gets better measuring effects .	仿真结果表明 , 该仪器大大提高了l、c和r参数参数的测量精度 , 得到了更好的测量效果 。
to help the children enter society headon with a positive attitude , everybody is encouraged to help in social building activities within our own campus .	为了帮助孩子进入社会 , 拥有积极的态度 , 每个人都鼓励帮助社会建筑活动 。
the researchers also demonstrated they could split apart an entire community of cultured intestinal microbes and create a " personalized " library of bacterial species .	研究人员还说明 , 他们可以分离整个肠微生物群落 , 创建一个 " 个性化 " 的细菌种类图书馆 。
during rehabilitation a locked plate fixation construct still has to be protected from full weight bearing until signs of union are visible on the radiograph .	在修复过程中 , 锁定板固定构造仍然必须保护全重轴承 , 直到联合国签署在放射图上可见 。
blues also have fitness concerns over michael ballack , but essien moved to ease mourinho's problems by turning out for his country on tuesday .	蓝军还有关于迈克尔·巴拉克的健康问题 , 但伊森在周二转向穆里尼奥的问题上移动了穆里尼奥问题 。
the attorney for the appealing party and the attorney for the party who won in the lower court file briefs , or written arguments , with the court of appeals .	法院文件简单中赢得的律师和法院文件论证的律师和律师的律师 。
the inability to demonstrate improvements whether or not they occur will undermine client motivation across the board and deny feedback for meaningfully evolving the process .	无论是否发生或不会导致客户端动机的改进 , 并且否认反馈是否有意义地进化过程 。
the researchers found that handling physical money makes a person less sensitive to physical pain and reduces the distress of being excluded in social situations .	研究人员发现 , 处理物理资金使人对身体疼痛的敏感性减少 , 减少社会形势的残疾 。
by setting chills on the defect locations to isolate the molten iron in those areas from contact with the resin sand , the defects were successfully avoided .	通过设置缺陷位置来分离与树脂沙接触地区的熔铁 , 成功避免了缺陷 。
she created a team culture and work atmosphere in compliance with the reality of zte's handsets , unity , contribution , hard work , smiling services and customer caring .	她创造了一个团队文化和工作氛围 , 符合zte的手机、团结、贡献、努力工作、微笑服务和客户关怀的现实 。
" we don't think things have changed from last week to this week , " schuchat stressed , explaining the importance of looking beyond those lab counts .	" 我们不认为上周不会从上周改变的事情 , " 舒舒切特强调 , 解释那些实验室的重要性 。
now that youth has ebbed and i am stranded on the bank , i can hear the deep music of all things , and the sky opens to me its heart of stars .	现在 , 青少年已经睡觉了 , 我在银行上伸张着 , 我可以听到所有东西深刻的音乐 , 天空向我开放 。
it was a battle of attrition for saina against an opponent to whom she had lost four times and won just once — that too way back in 2010 — previously .	这是一场对手 , 她失去了四次 , 赢得了一次太回来了2010年 , 这是圣娜的一场争议 。
“i’d been wanting to have a child for a really long time , but i wasn’t trying , just put it like that , ” madonna says . “it was one of those weird surprises .	" 我想有一个孩子很长的时间 , 但是我没有尝试 , 只是把它放在那里 , " 马登纳说 , " 这是那些奇怪的 。
through the multilevel organic matrix mesh in the bone particles , it indicates that the mineral phase is related to the organic matrix in corallium elatius .	通过骨颗粒中的多层有机矩阵网格 , 表明矿物相与有机矩阵相关 。
results 32 patients have false positive results , including 11 with autonomic imbalance , 9 with hypertension , 6 with diabetes and 6 with other disease .	结果32例患者有虚假阳性结果 , 包括11例患者自治不均衡 , 9例高血压 , 6例糖尿病和6例患者 。
another tale , never proven , was that papanoida's interest in eekway was strictly familial , and that the senator had blood ties to the enigmatic baron .	另一个故事从来没有证明帕诺伊达在希腊的利益严格地是家庭的 , 而参议员则有血对大巴的影响 。
according to the improvement results , then some feasible ways for ineffective dmus are put forth , which provides a reference base of making decision and scientific management .	根据改进结果 , 提出了有效dmus的有效途径 , 为决策和科学管理提供了参考依据 。
the same effect happened with google maps . when the company trimmed the 120kb page size down by about 30 percent , the company started getting about 30 percent more map requests .	同样的效果与谷歌地图相同 , 当公司将120kb页面大小降低到30%时 , 公司开始增加30%的地图请求 。
later , zhen yini also persuaded the guardian , to get girls , with sincerity and sincerity to impress her , and not to fiddle with the application of non .	后来 , 郑毅也说服了保卫人 , 要获得女孩 , 诚信和诚信让她印象 , 并不要与非使用的应用 。
this method even allows you to modify the authentication rules on the fly , because all pamaware programs start applying the new rules without the need for any changes in their code .	这种方法甚至允许您修改飞行的验证规则 , 因为所有pamaware程序都开始应用新规则 , 不需要任何改变代码 。
but i sat silent in my hill , the barbarians still came in their thousands , and there were few who dared to wield excalibur , knowing that they would surely die .	但是我坐在我的山里 , 巴巴比亚人仍然在他们的数千里 , 还有几个人敢敢敢于杀人 , 知道他们肯定会死亡 。
so threequarterlength sleeves in tops and cardigans are a wonderful way to conceal the fuller upper arm and upper body , but also bare some skin at same time .	因此 , 三季长袖在顶部和心脏器上部是一种很好的方法 , 同时也不用一些皮肤 。
after the introduction of some related concepts , the application of workflow technology in integrated business support system of guangdong telecom was focused on .	在介绍一些相关概念的基础上 , 重点讨论了广东电信工作流技术综合支持系统的应用 。
although tom was aware that it would be to display annoyance publicly at the sales conference , he could not his irritation with the client's unreasonable demands .	汤姆虽然知道汤姆将在销售会议公开展示噪音 , 但他不能与客户的不合理的需求进行灌溉 。
this was an excellent opportunity for the opposition papers , which immediately attacked the governor for what they called his illegal interference and his brutality .	这是反对派论文的优秀机会 , 立即攻击了政府所谓的非法干扰和他的破坏 。
looking for transiting extrasolar planets is analogous to pallé and colleagues' technique — using the moon as a mirror to watch earth transit the sun .	寻找跨越太阳的行星 , 与同事的技术相似 , 用月球作为镜子看地球传递太阳的镜子 。
the flames filled this building ; it was a perfect furnace ; the door was burned , the floor was burned , the wooden christ was not burned .	火焰填满了这座建筑 , 它是一个完美的炉 , 门被烧了 , 地板被烧了 , 木基督没有烧毁 。
individual members of fecdb frequently answer this call to arms and participate in statewide petition drives to put various propositions on the ballot .	fcdb的个人成员通常回答这个叫做武器 , 参与国有宠物驱动程序 , 让各种建议放在篮子上 。
more importantly , how can you accurately assess you are iterating down the right path for your product and company success , and not simply digging further in a rat hole ?	更重要的是 , 如何准确地评估您正在为您的产品和公司成功的正确路径 , 而且不仅仅仅是在大鼠洞里进一步挖掘呢 ?
public speaking has fringe benefits too . it is a confidence booster and empowers the speaker if he successfully gets his audience agree with him .	公共讲话也有利于 , 如果他成功地获得他的观众同意 , 那是一个信心提升者和雇主 。
nowhere is this more relevant than in the fastmoving world of it , where your work speaks for itself and ivy league letters after your name are no match for your hacking abilities .	现在 , 在哪里 , 比在快速移动的世界里更有关 , 您的工作发表了自己和ivy联盟信 , 在你的名字没有匹配您的黑客能力之后 , 您的工作是不匹配的 。
that said , there is a lot of story that is still being explored and left to explore . to diminish that story to only being about arthas and the lich king is a bit shortsighted .	这说 , 有很多故事 , 仍然被探索 , 留下来探索 。 要消除故事只是关于阿森纳和利奇王的故事 。
socialist market economic system has been gradually set up , the higher education system is under reform , knowledgebased economic age is coming , and education service is open...	社会主义市场经济体制逐步建立 , 高等教育体系在改革下 , 知识经济时代正在来 , 教育服务是开放的 。
indeed , the threats that the lnc is already issuing should give the international community doubts about its readiness to lead in democratic government .	事实上 , lnc已经发布的威胁应该给国际社会怀疑它在民主政府领导的准备性 。
nowadays , the policy of mandate construction supervision has been widely accepted by the society following the obvious achievements it made in the past years .	目前 , 管理管理监督的政策已经被社会接受了过去几年来制作的明显成就 。
most mainlanders who suffer from depression do not get proper treatment due to a lack of psychiatrists and public prejudice , mental health professionals said .	心理卫生专业人士说 , 大多数受到抑郁症患者不会得到适当的治疗 。
the interactive multimodels method was also discussed , which is implemented of the uniform and " currently " accelerated motion model for the maneuvering target modeling .	同时讨论了交互式多模块方法 , 实现了均匀和 " 目前 " 的运动模型 , 加速了目标建模 。
method: the teaching of moist burn medicine includes medical knowledge , diagnosis , medical skills , review course and assessment and test .	方法:对湿润烧伤医学教学包括医学知识、诊断、医疗技能、评价和评价 。
it has been a growing concern in the printing industry that if can we use densitometry to measure and control spot color ink or not when considering printing process control .	印刷工业已成为印刷工业中的一个越来越关注的问题 , 如果我们可以使用密度仪来测量和控制点颜色墨 , 或者在考虑印刷过程控制的时候 , 就会出现更多的关注 。
in the yangcheng sanbao 500kv ehv transmission lines , a fixed series capacitorwas used to increase the power energy transmitted through the lines .	在阳城三宝500kvehv传输线中 , 采用固定的系列电容器 , 增加了通过线传输的能量 。
the lusitania and the titanic are often thought of as sister vessels ; they in fact belonged to two separate owners , but the error is understandable .	卢西塔尼亚和泰坦尼常被认为是妹妹船 , 他们实际上属于两个独立的所有者 , 但错误是可理解的 。
but the current h1n1 pandemic flu has really made this very evident so far , people have passed the flu virus on to pigs , turkeys and ferrets .	但是目前的h1n1流感真的使得这个非常明显 , 人们已经通过流感病毒传递到猪肉、土耳其和牛肉 。
the anglers fishing with myself were competing with glanville's anglers for the most fish in a day record , trying to beat the 28 fish from the previous day .	随着自己的愤怒者正与格兰维尔的愤怒者在一天的记录中竞争 , 试图从前一天的28只鱼 。
bill gates sr . , 83 years old , is now cochair of his son's $30 billion philanthropy , the bill &melinda gates foundation .	比尔盖茨sr83岁 , 现在是他的儿子30亿美元的菲律宾基金会教练 , 比尔&melinda盖茨基金会 。
and it's not just developers . as the blurb to tim o'reilly's opening remarks suggests , tim mentions the importance of users to open source .	而且它不仅仅仅是开发人员 。 因为burb对timo的开放标志提示 , 提示用户开源的重要性 。
beijing still grieving the deaths of tens of thousands , china has sketched the first blueprints for rebuilding after last week's earthquake .	北京仍在抓住数千人死亡 , 上周的地震后中国已经把第一个蓝色印刷打算重建 。
in this paper , a new method combining target transformation factor analysis and spectral library searching was developed for qualitative analysis of mixture from ir da ta .	本文提出了一种新方法 , 结合目标转换因素分析和光谱图书馆搜索的方法 , 以质量分析irda混合材料混合材料的定性分析方法 。
the reason is that a knowledge base with sound structure and complete content directly influences the inference speed and the validity of result in expert systems .	原因是 , 具有声结构的知识基础 , 直接影响传播速度和专家系统的有效性 。
the experimental results showed that the liquefaction extent enhanced with the increase of liquefaction temperature , catalyst dosage , and liquidsolid ratio .	试验结果表明 , 随着液化温度的提高 , 催化剂量的提高 , 催化剂量和液溶剂比的提高 。
at first , research the nature of the ice in the songhua river water system , the resistance performance of the icebreaker , and then , study the propulsion performance of icebreaker .	首先 , 研究了宋华河水系统中的冰性质 , 冰阻力性能 , 然后研究冰激发器的推进性能 。
strapped city , state , and federal technology departments have been some of the organizations most enchanted by the quick turnarounds the cloud promises .	紧张的城市 , 州和联邦技术部已经成为云承诺最快的组织 。
it was the kind of card that comes in an inexpensive assortment box sold by a child going doortodoor to try to earn money for a school project .	这是一个孩子进入门托多多多多室的孩子卖出的费用吸附箱的卡 , 试图为学校项目赚钱 。
much less whey drains out of yogurt made from certain strains of lactic acid bacteria that can convert sugars into long starchlike molecules .	由某些乳酸菌株制成的瑜伽排出的多少是否能将糖转化成长的淀粉分子 。
during the planned economy period , a set of production areas and residential units as a whole community , which is built to meet the need of country construction .	在计划经济时期 , 一套生产区域和住宅单位作为整个社区 , 建立满足农村建设需求 。
the american plan also meets stern's other prescriptions for an effective green stimulus a concentration on building efficiency and renewable energy .	美国计划还满足东方的其他预订 , 为了有效的绿色刺激了建筑效率和可再生能源的浓度 。
in japan , lu hsun is the most notable chinese writer whose work 'hometown' is referred to as the required textbook among the japanese students .	在日本 , 罗山是最有名的中国作家 , 他在日本学生中所需的文本书被称为 " hometown " 。
it simply discusses the features of agile methodology , and compares it with traditionary software developing methods , introduces a few agile methodologies mo .	简单地讨论了敏捷方法的特点 , 并与传统软件开发方法相比 , 介绍了几种敏捷的方法mo 。
the hardening treatment , relief of symptoms in patients with the recent rate of 100% , cysts significantly reduced or disappeared .	最近100%患者的症状减少 , 囊肿显著降低或消失 。
the operation of system is simple , quick and stabilization , and its maintenance is convenient , interface is friendly , it is helpful for its popularizations and applications .	系统操作简单 , 快速稳定 , 维护方便 , 接口友好 , 适用于其流行化和应用 。
" u . s . academics and intelligence analysts have consistently underestimated the rate of chinese progress both economically and technologically , " he said .	他说: " 美国学术和智能分析师一致地估计中国经济和技术进步的速度 。 "
alpha thalassaemia , an inherited condition , is common in many areas of the world where malaria is endemic , particularly africa and southeast asia .	阿尔法亚thalassaemia是世界上许多地区的遗传条件 , 特别是非洲和东南亚 。
objective to introduce the classification about ct signs of primary brainstem injury and investigate it's value in the diagnosis and prognosis .	目的介绍主要脑损伤ct标志的分类 , 探讨其在诊断和预后中的价值 。
simulation and experiment on the piezoceramic actuator show that the proposed model to describe the behavior of piezoceramic actuator is effective .	模拟和实验表明 , 该模型描述了piezocamic活动器行为的有效性 。
austenite phase is dominant in gtaw joint microstructure and the lowtemperature impact toughness of gtaw joint is better than that of smaw joint .	在gtaw联合微结构中占主导地位 , gtaw联合材料的低温冲击强度比smaw联合材料更好 。
don't center your life around children and grandchildren . do look for your own social circles . this way , you won't be disappointed with too many expectations .	不要中心你的生命周围的孩子和孙子 , 寻找自己的社会圈子 。 这样 , 你就不会失望太多的期望 。
the amount of the portion of the effective hedging shall be confirmed in accordance with the absolute amounts of the following items whichever is lower .	按照下列项目的绝对数量 , 应按照下列项目的绝对数量确定有效的冲击量 。
the government information resources access and publicity is an important measure to build and strengthen the egovernment and serviceoriented government .	政府信息资源访问和公众是建立和加强政府和服务面向政府的重要措施 。
the cloths of service, to do service in the holy place, the holy garments for aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office .	服务的服装 , 要在圣地做服务 , 为亚伦祭司的圣服装 , 以及他的儿子的服装 , 到祭司办公室 。
the influence factors on surface curing time of silicone rubber release agent vulcanized at room temperature were analyzed by experiments .	通过实验分析了硅橡胶释放剂在室温下对硅橡胶表面的影响因素 。
methods: data about biological feedback therapy and nursing care in 30 cases with pelvic floor functional constipation were reviewed and analyzed .	方法:回顾性分析30例血管地板功能适应的生物反馈疗法及护理措施 。
according to the law of attraction , a powerful intent made up of clear , pure and focused thoughts will start to attract the very essence of your desires .	根据吸引规律 , 由清晰、纯洁和焦点组成的强大内容 , 开始吸引你的要求 。
to reconstruct the 3dimensioanal image of heart and the region of myocardial ischemia from 2dimensioanal tomogram of electron beam ct .	为了重建心脏3维异常图像和心肌缺血区域的心肌缺血区域 。
tone down the loop count on the previous example , add set x to the beginning of the script as well as a comment , and execute it , as shown in listing 12 .	在前面的例子上 , 将x添加到脚本的初始开始和评论 , 并执行它 , 如清单12所示 。
this study was undertaken to use a foodfrequency instrument for dietary caffeine consumption to evaluate the relationship between caffeine intake and liver fibrosis .	本研究以饮食咖啡因消费方式评价咖啡因摄入与肝纤维化之间的关系 。
application integration brings together multiple applications and information sources without the user directly invoking them ; it focuses on the relationship between applications and data .	应用集成带来多个应用程序和信息源 , 无用户直接调用它们 , 关注应用程序与数据之间的关系 。
and the countries seen as most vulnerable to climate change are all poor: they include somalia , burundi , niger , eritrea , afghanistan and chad .	而且 , 由于气候变化最脆弱的国家都是贫困的:他们包括索马里 , 布里迪 , 尼日利亚 , 阿富汗 , 阿富汗和查德 。
global banking profits are now approaching their 2007 precrisis peak , but the divergence between growing and stagnant markets is becoming increasingly stark .	全球银行利润现在正在达到2007年的前提峰 , 但增长和稳定市场的差异日益增加 。
in addition , fda can initiate a mandatory recall if the agency determines that an adulterated or misbranded infant formula presents a risk to human health .	此外 , fda可以启动一个管理器回忆 , 如果机构确定一个被调节或错误的婴儿公式给人类健康带来的风险 。
danton was a headstrong firebrand , a swashbuckling political showman with a prodigious memory , whose spectacular oratory held audiences in thrall .	丹登是一位强大的消防品牌 , 一个令人震惊的政治剧演员 , 他的观众在拉拉尔举行了观众 。
international popular style interface , many commercial software are used , is the beginning of an incredible 14 years since a young foreign hands .	国际流行的风格接口 , 许多商业软件被用来 , 是从一个年轻的外国手段开始的14年 。
the parenteral hyperalimentation therapy is a safe and effective method for severe ulcerative colitis patients , and it can improve the histology of patients .	父母超化疗法是严重溃疡性结肠炎患者的安全有效的方法 , 可以提高患者的组织学性 。
the line's clean forms are associated with high quality technical solutions for water control , from taps to mixers , from diverters to shower heads and spouts .	线的清洁形式与水质控制的高质量技术解决方案相关 , 从tp到混合器 , 从传送到淋浴头和发芽 。
the data structure in jpeg2000 compressed domain is firstly analyzed . the concept of information tree and a novel treedistance measurement are then proposed .	首先分析了jpeg2000压缩域的数据结构 , 提出了信息树的概念 , 并提出了一种新型的抗逆测量方法 。
although pain , i would effort perfect my life , will not be ungrateful to you of love , will not be ungrateful to you with i play 10 year play hideandseek of with patience .	尽管痛苦 , 我努力完善我的生活 , 不会对你们的爱情感到不满意 , 但不会对你感到不愿意 , 我玩10年的耐心 。
chateau la ragotiereshining pearl of the french garden , running by wellknown aristocracy generations of the three brothers goile at nantes .	查塔乌拉·拉戈蒂斯在法国花园的珍珠 , 由三个兄弟在蚂蚁运行 。
how to construct implementation and management system of course design is the premise and ensurance of carrying out course design systematically and training comprehensive applicative talents .	如何构建课程设计的实施管理体系 , 是系统地实施课程设计和培训综合应用人才的前提和保障 。
albanese will now lead a charm offensive to try to win round individual institutions and secure the simple majority necessary to approve the deal .	阿尔巴恩现在将领导一个挑战 , 试图赢得个人机构 , 保障大多数需要批准这项交易的简单必要性 。
in a speech at a police college , zuma conceded that south africa had one of the highest murder rates in the world , with 18 , 000 killings last year .	在一所警方大学的演讲中 , zuma承认 , 南非最高的谋杀率之一 , 去年有18万人杀害率 。
thailand's police found over 920 , 000 amphetamine tablets on board the boats , plying between china's yunnan province and the thai port .	泰国警察发现 , 920 , 000多个氨基胺片在船上发现 , 中国云南省和泰国港之间的水平 。
sending troops to central africa to meddle in an utterly murky conflict is a symptom that the interventionist addiction is growing worse .	将军队送到非洲中部到中部 , 直到穆斯基冲突中 , 是一种症状 , 干预主义添加的症状更糟 。
the testing results proved that the qh4 saving energy coasting device has a remarkable fuel—saving effect to any model of motor vehicles and at any road condition .	试验结果证明 , qh4节能源沿海装置具有显著的燃料 , 节约任何车辆和路径条件下的任何模型 。
that approach to the clivus is slightly oblique , but can provide as wide an exposure as is achieved with the approaches involving a bilateral maxillotomy .	对于clivus来说 , 这种方法稍微明显 , 但是可以提供广泛的暴露 , 就像两边矩形的方法一样实现 。
the three realized that man was the key to victory in the war against heaven , and thus altered their rigid agendum that they had propagated since the beginning .	三人意识到 , 人类是对天战胜的关键 , 因此改变了他们刚性的年龄 , 自从开始以来已经传播 。
cubic's simulation systems division , based in orlando , produces and manufactures est 2000 , including its realistic and robust simulated weapons .	cubic的模拟系统分部 , 基于orlando的生产和制造 , 包括它的现实和鲁棒的模拟武器 。
the basic thought of floor arrangement , influencing factors and basic arrangement method are proposed to bring regulation for floor structure arrangement .	提出了地面安排、影响因素和基本安排方法的基本思路 , 为地面结构安排提供调节 。
the scale of the economic crisis is far larger and many more americans recognise that rootandbranch reforms rather than temporary repairs are required .	经济危机的规模远远远大 , 许多美国人认识到 , 根源品牌改革并非临时修复 。
the government will not only make the " pie " of social wealth bigger by developing the economy , but also distribute it on the basis of a rational income distribution system .	政府不仅会使 " 社会财富 " 变得越来越大 , 而且在合理收入分配制度的基础上 , 还会将其分布在社会财富的基础上 。
the refreshing time of asparagus reached 1824 days after treatment of two pressurization at the pressure of 250mpa with the operation time of 15min .	在治疗250mpa压力下 , 阿帕格斯的新鲜时间达到1824天后 , 治疗2824天的压力与手术时间15分钟 。
it's a solid little slab with a similarlooking plastic front and rubberized texture as the $79 nontouch model , but with fewer buttons .	它是一个相似的塑料前面和橡胶化的小板 , 作为79美元的非触摸模式 , 但少数按钮 。
because our team needed users to connect to a database and set up multiple jboss containers , we used panels to prompt users for sitespecific information .	因为我们的团队需要用户连接到数据库 , 建立多个jbos容器 , 我们使用面板来促进网站特定信息的用户 。
“on first glance , these interactions of light and particles looks like magic , ” she says . “these polar molecules are the pinnacle of quantum optics . ”	她说: " 第一次看 , 这些光和粒子的交互看起来像魔法 , " 极性分子是量子光学的pinacle 。 "
this wicked king , claudius , was going to capitalize on the grief and anger of laertes for the death of his father and sister to destroy hamlet .	这个恶魔的国王克劳迪斯 , 正在为他父亲死亡和妹妹破坏汉姆利特的悲伤和愤怒 。
conclusion we could found the circumferential margin infiltration by observing pathologic large slice objectively and exactly . it should be a routine examination after operation .	结论我们可以通过观察病理大片病理学的观察 , 确切地发现循环边缘渗透 , 术后应该是一项常规的检查 。
there were no casualties on the ground , a salt marsh , when the exploded remnants of the jet fell some distance away from the neifu airport in puchengcounty .	地上没有灾难 , 一个盐浆 , 当喷射爆炸出来的喷射机场时 , 喷射的残余物会从普城县的尼佛机场下降一些距离 。
china has gone through similar experience of the ldcs in fighting poverty and pursuing development , and we fully appreciate the hardship and difficulties they face .	中国在战斗贫困和追求发展中经历了相似的经验 , 我们完全欣赏他们面临的艰难和困难 。
the format of the data to be exchanged between client and service is defined in terms of the xml the xml schema for the online coffee service is shown in listing 1 .	清单1中显示在线咖啡服务的xml模式中 , 将数据交换为客户端和服务之间的格式 。
second question , it is reported that some us media accused chinese hackers of hacking into pentagon's network and compromising information about us fighter jets .	第二个问题是 , 据报道 , 一些美国媒体指控中国黑客进入五角洲网络 , 并对我们战斗机的信息进行妥协 。
the average south african , for example , definitely shouldn tbe paleskinned only 9 . 2 per cent of the population define themselves as white .	例如 , 南非的平均人口仅有9.2%的人口定义白色的人口 。
except for sea buckthorn fruit is rich in protein , fat and carbohydrates , there are a variety of essential vitamins and minerals .	除了海桶水果外 , 蛋白质丰富 , 脂肪和碳水化合物 , 还有各种基本的维生素和矿物 。
employee job satisfaction can be explained respectively the company turnover intention , job performance with the variability of 49 . 38% , 58 . 46% .	员工工作满意度分别可以分别解出公司转向注意力 , 工作性能与49.38% , 58.46%的变异性 。
owen paid tribute to a performance in which the youngster scored , hit the post and forced an outstanding save from roberto abbondanzieri with an audacious lob .	欧文支付了一项表现 , 年轻的比赛 , 击败了后卫 , 强迫了从罗伯托阿伯尼亚德里和一个美妙的洛布里拯救出来 。
civilianized journalism appeared in the early 20th century and grew in the 1920's . the impulse is the changes on the systems of politics and economy .	20世纪初 , 民事化的记者出现于20世纪初期 , 逐渐增长 , 冲动是政治和经济体制的变化 。
methods by means of bicolour fluorescence and flow cytometry analysis , the results were compared during different layout time , hemolysis time and washing time .	方法采用双色荧光和流细胞分析方法对不同布局时间、血液时间和洗涤时间进行了比较 。
fate has conspired to rob us of two world class goalkeepers , our inspirational leader jt , inform winger arjen robben and influential midfielder joe cole .	命运由两个世界级的进球员组成 , 我们的灵感领导jt , 信息翼手roben和影响中场乔科尔 。
it is widely used in car audio and video , tac machine , intelligent meter , solar power , electric car , electric power tool and military applications etc .	广泛应用于汽车音频和视频、塔克机、智能仪、太阳能、电力车、电力工具及军事应用等 。
jamie wilson , of simplyhealth , said: " committing just half an hour a month to helping someone else can make a real difference to your life as well as theirs。	杰米·威尔森说: " 每个月只有半小时才能帮助别人帮助自己的生活和他们的生活 。 "
given our duty to safeguard public health , the tendency of officials facing such a situation is nearly always to err on the side of caution .	由于我们保障公共卫生的职责 , 面对这种情况的倾向官员面临着这样的局面 , 几乎总是错误 。
china has worked for more agreement among the emerging markets and developing countries on the reforms to increase the representation for developing countries in the ifi's .	中国在新兴市场和发展中国家之间工作了更多的协议 , 以提高发展中国家的代表 。
发言的参议员有萨姆 . 纳恩、约翰 . 格伦、恰克 . 罗伯、乔 . 利伯曼、约翰 . 布鲁、杰伊 . 洛克菲勒和艾尔 . 戈尔。	丁丁丁 , 丁丁丁丁 , 丁丁丁丁丁丁 , 丁丁丁丁丁丁 。
that could be because doctors are more nervous about the effects if flu on pregnant women and are more likely to admit them , but the death rate among pregnant women is high .	这可能是因为医生对怀孕妇女流感的影响更紧张 , 如果孕妇的死亡率更高 。
funny once , my friend . ) some jokes count on jadedness in order to be funny , just as many arty films only appeal to a jaded audience .	有趣的时候 , 我的朋友 , 一些玩笑的数字是为了有趣的 , 只有很多动物电影只是对一个杰出的观众感到兴趣 。
more resistance was encountered when we sought to install the 6th warden first as professor of physics at stockholm university , then as rector .	当我们想在股东霍尔姆大学物理学教授安装第六次战争时 , 更多的抵抗力被遇到 。
i know that its best to be safe verses sorry , but i don't think that there has been one single case in history , where a bomb threat was called in and a bomb went off .	我知道它最好的是安全的版本很抱歉 , 但是我不认为历史上有一个单个案例 , 在那里 , 炸弹威胁被称为进入炸弹 。
this could mean different things for different members of the spy ring , says mikhail lyubimov , a retired colonel of the kgb and a renowned cold war spy .	这可能意味着不同成员的空间环境 , 米克海尔·莱布姆诺夫说 , kgb退休的殖民地 , 还有著名的冷战空间 。
they also found almost no difference between methods in male and female workers , suggesting that careerdriven women were just as “competitive” during salary negotiations .	他们还发现 , 在男性和女性工作人员的方法几乎没有差异 , 建议在薪水谈判期间 , 职业驱动妇女只是 " 竞争性 " 。
ita software definitely has “the right connections in north america , ” daniello says , while “we [amadeus] have ours in europe and asia . ”	它的软件肯定有 " 北美的正确连接 " , " 丹尼罗说 , " 虽然我们在欧洲和亚洲拥有我们的 " 。
natural calamities , such as floods , tropical cyclones , tornadoes and tidal bores occur here almost every year — with tragic results .	自然灾难 , 例如洪水、热带循环、火炬和潮水瓶在这里发生几乎每年都有悲剧的结果 。
soap <> cobol nonxml transformations can be developed with ibm websphere transformation extender to perform the message mapping within the gateway’s processing policy .	soap<>cobol非xml转换可以与ibmwebspherea转换器开发 , 以实现网络处理策略内的消息映射 。
these morphological changes were few in the group 2 . conclusion: hbo combined with nimodipine and music had great restorative effect on hyperirritability icvd .	结论:nimipine与nimipine相结合的hbo与音乐的形态变化对高可循环性icvd具有较大的恢复作用 。
combined with the practical exploration approaching , the stability of surrounding rock is computed using the earthquake wave achieved prom he cite .	结合实际探索方法 , 利用地震波实现的方案计算了周围岩的稳定性 。
while there are many practical and political difficulties of afforestation of regions this large , the benefits could be enormous and go well beyond carbon sequestration .	虽然这个地区有很多实用和政治困难 , 但利益可能是巨大的 , 超过碳序列 。
for example , some new: the introduction of modern " science " and " democracy " etc , the meaning from the traditional chinese , is completely different words .	例如 , 一些新的说法:现代 " 科学 " 和 " 民主 " 等 , 来自中国传统的意义完全不同 。
drive gear , made use of alloy steel forging , lubricating oil pump spray , extend gear life and ensure longterm printing chromatic precision .	驱动齿轮 , 采用合金钢锻造、润滑油泵喷雾、延长齿轮寿命 , 保证长期印刷色精度 。
the famous picture of " riverside scene at qingming festival " will also make its appearance in the china pavilion to illustrate the charms of ancient chinese cities .	青明节日 " 河景 " 的著名图片 , 也将在中国馆展示中国古城的魅力 。
in the enjoying , the conquest of this knowledge is renewed every time it is exercised , the power it yields always being directed toward its jouissance .	在享受的时候 , 这一知识的成果每次都被运行 , 它的权利总是直接向其执行 。
it is unchristian to believe that an end can justify the means . even the kingdom of god is not a good enough end to justify any means that causes harm to people .	这是不基督徒相信 , 终结可以理解上帝的意思 , 即使上帝的王国是不够好的结束 , 以理解任何意义 , 造成危害的人 。
a study is carried out on a hypersonic inlet with rectangulartocircular shape transition and forebody using numerical simulation and high enthalpy wind tunnel test .	采用数值模拟和高能量的风隧道试验 , 研究了一种矩形圆形转变和前身的超声入口 。
result both mutanolysin and lysozyme could successfully lyse the wall of bifidobacterium and extract the plasmid from bifidobacterium .	结果突变溶胶和溶解酶均能成功地解决细菌的墙壁 , 并从细菌中提取血浆 。
aim: to study the efficacy and safety of entacapone as an adjunct to levodopa treatment in parkinsonian patients with wearingoff motor fluctuations .	目的:探讨乙酮的疗效和安全性 , 作为对帕金森森患者穿刺动力波动的治疗方法 。
the idea is proposed that the flow characteristic of electronic expansion valve should adapt to superheat gain to refrigerant flow rate under different evaporation temperature .	提出了电子膨胀阀的流动特性 , 应适应超热收益 , 适应不同蒸发温度下的冷却流动 。
11 and solomon gave hiram twenty thousand cors of wheat as food for his household , in addition to twenty thousand baths , of pressed olive oil .	1100万只小麦作为他的家庭食物的小麦 , 除了2万个浴缸 , 还有两千个孩子的橄榄油 。
li decided to sponsor a number of disadvantaged pupils in gansu under the euchina basic education project running in the province since 2001 .	李决定在2001年以来在甘肃欧盟基本教育项目运行的基本教育项目中发起很多差异的学生 。
objective to evaluate the clinical efficacy and toxicity of cef as the neoadjuvant chemotherapy regimen in the treatment of locally advanced breast cancer .	目的评价cef的临床疗效和毒性 , 作为当地先进乳腺癌治疗新型乳腺癌的临床疗效和临床疗效 。
to strengthen the organization and coordination , strengthen the service consciousness , and further intensify promote the development of medicine industry strength .	为了加强组织和协调 , 加强服务意识 , 进一步加强医药行业的发展 。
the jets were viewable in the animated segment one on either side of an indiantricolour symbol to celebrate the 70 years of the country's independence .	该喷射器可视动画段 , 其中一个是印度色象征的一侧 , 以庆祝70年的独立性 。
automobile , big and small freight vehicle , box vehicle , sightseeing bus , no matter is the private car or the company vehicle may shanghai loan .	汽车 , 大型和小型货车 , 箱车 , 观察车 , 无论是私人车或公司车辆都是上海贷款 。
in addition to physical changes to the touchscreen , the technology of the touchscreen also ushered in a new wave of software interaction on mobile devices .	除了对触摸屏的物理变化外 , 触摸屏的技术也在移动设备上使用了新的软件交互 。
crepes suzette with mixed fruit , choice toppig blueberry sauce , chocolate sauce , strawberry sauce , pineapple sauce , mango sauce .	用混合水果 , 选择大蓝莓酱 , 巧克力酱 , 草莓酱 , 菠萝酱 , 芒果酱 。
however , the development of chinese silk industry is facing allround challenges including diversification of fibers , companies' competition in outside world and developing countries .	然而 , 中国银业的发展面临着各种各样的挑战 , 公司在外国和发展中国家的竞争 。
they were quite different in chloroplast membrane structures , pigment protein complexes , the content of electron trans port components and photosynthetic functions .	在氯塑膜结构中 , 颜料蛋白质复合、电子端口部件的内容和光合功能相当不同 。
to explore the safety of modified type tatvp3 fusion protein , and the efficacy of modified fusion protein type of tatvp3 to immune system .	目的探讨改良型tatvp3融合蛋白的安全性 , 改进的融合蛋白质类型的tvp3对免疫系统的有效性 。
the effect of the significant parameters on the stability of the large diameter cylinder quay of the piled wall type is investigated through numerical calculation .	通过数值计算 , 研究了不同参数对桩壁类型大直径圆柱的稳定性的影响 。
some of you may do nothing at all . believe it or not , there are millionaires and billionaires among us who masquerade as relatively normal , moneyconscious people .	某些人可能没有任何事情 , 相信它 , 有百万富翁和百万富翁之间 , 在我们中 , 质量相对正常 , 钱意识的人中 。
the former army colonel , who seized power of the sparsely populated country in 1969 at the tender age of 27 , had totally reshaped the country in his image .	1969年 , 前军队哥伦奈尔在1969年在27岁的紧张时代 , 已经完全改造了这个国家 。
steven gerrard today savoured liverpool's derby day victory and insisted the reds are relishing the challenge of winning the race for a top four place .	斯蒂文·杰拉德今天拯救利物浦的德比日胜利 , 坚持红军正在为第四个地方赢得竞赛的挑战 。
some methods of preventing contamination in the largescale cell culture were introduced including people training , enviromental control , aseptic technique and material management .	介绍了预防大规模细胞培养中污染的方法 , 包括人类培养、环境控制、遗传技术和材料管理等 。
the left yi doesn't know for the cilia and dragged this hazardous topic , this isn't good , ask for an personality with brutal variety of to come out miserably .	离开yi并不知道cilia , 把这个危险的话题拖掉了 , 这并不好 , 请求一个人与布鲁底变异的个性 。
liverpool are on the verge of singing esbjerg youngster nikolaj kohlert on a threeyear deal , according to reports in his native denmark .	据当地丹麦报道 , 利物浦正在唱《埃塞布尔格》的年轻人尼科拉杰·库尔特在三年的交易中 。
sand street south 18th french credit agricole bank , the sand street south 60 , the anglican communion is neoclassical works .	南街18号法国信用农业银行沙街60号 , 角色社区是新古典作品 。
college counsellors who work at the front line of ideological and political are the grassroots commanders and educators of the ideological and political work .	思想政治和政治的前线工作的大学咨询员是思想政治工作的基层指挥官和教育者 。
ct current transformers are instrument transformers used in conjunction with ammeters , control circuits and protective relaying . they usually have 5 ampere secondaries .	ct电流变压器是用来连接amter、控制电路和保护继电的仪器变压器 , 通常有5个ampere二年 。
once fully dried , it is left to rest for some days , then in one step the skin , dried fruit flesh , parchment layer and all are torn from the green seed .	一旦完全干燥 , 休息了几天 , 然后在一个步骤里干燥的水果 , 议会层和所有都是从绿色种子中扭转的 。
compared to ordinary noise correction methods , nonlinear fitting with a middle and later impulse response function is more advantageous when snr is relatively low .	与普通噪声修正方法相比 , 中、后冲击响应函数相对较低时 , 非线性配件的非线性配件更好 。
introduce:xiaogu and mother give maternal father pay respects to sb at his tomb , xiaogu fell into bug hole suddenly in , before returning 10 years .	介绍:小郭和母亲给母亲在坟墓上付出尊重 , 小宝突然落入了bug洞 , 10年之前 , 小宝在返回10年之前 。
a business process competency center can provide a central repository of information for addressing these needs — and hosting it in the cloud makes it easily accessible .	业务流程能力中心可以为这些需求提供一个中心存储库 , 并且在云中保持它 , 使其容易访问 。
the results in surface temperature distribution of a reduced scale model from the above calculation com pared with that from experimental measurement are relatively identical .	通过实验测量相对一致 , 计算结果表明 , 由于实验测量相对相对相同 , 降低了尺寸模型的表面温度分布 。
wollastonite as polymer filler is considered as an important direction to the utilization of wollastonite , which reduces the polymer product cost and improves product performance .	聚合物填料作为聚合物填料的重要方向 , 降低聚合物产品成本 , 提高产品性能 。
in october of two thousand eight , michael pollan wrote a letter to presidentelect barack obama which was published in the new york times magazine .	在10月28日 , 迈克尔·波兰写了一封信给纽约时报杂志发表的总统奥巴马总统 。
" connecting people , quality first " is our tenet , jinze people will be creating continuously to make copetitive products and we invite you passionally to set up the future resplendence .	" 连接人民 , 质量第一 " 是我们的网络 , 金子人将继续创造合作产品 , 我们邀请你建立未来的依赖 。
the results show that: the corundum refractory possesses the best erosionresisting characteristic in the pellet kiln , so it is the most suitable to be applied as lining in this kiln .	结果表明:冠状折射率在球窑中具有最好的抗侵蚀特性 , 因此在此窑中应用最适宜 。
to admission the wto , brings opportunity and gauntlet for our country market , credit has become bottleneck of restricting the development of socialism market economy .	为了承认wto , 为我国市场带来机会和赌博 , 信用已经成为限制社会主义市场经济发展的瓶颈 。
during the standoff , six american warships surrounded the seized vessel to ensure the weapons were not taken elsewhere in the volatile region .	在斯坦多夫期间 , 六艘美国战舰周围围围围绕着种子船 , 以确保武器在挥发区域不采取其他地方 。
hybrid characters obviously show maternal heterosis , fruit setting date , fruit size and color if hybrid population all tend to follow the femal parent .	杂交特征明显显显显示了母亲异体、水果设定日期、水果尺寸和颜色 , 如果混合体人群往往遵循哺乳母 。
but even if weighing costs against benefits does not entirely answer the question of what should be done about climate change , it is an essential part of the answer .	但是 , 即使如果重量对利益的费用不完全回答气候变化的问题 , 这是回答的必要部分 。
the utility model has novel structure , and is tough and durable , as well as is in particular applicable for the repairmen of various surcharged truck tyres .	本实用新型具有新颖的结构 , 具有较强的耐用性 , 特别适用于各种各样的货车类型修复 。
hailing from the large western region of lithuania known as samogitia , these axemen are amongst the heaviest infantry units available to lithuanian armies .	来自辽南大西部地区的河南地区 , 这些氧化物是最大的婴儿单位之一 , 可用于刘南军队 。
analyses the antifriction and noisereducing mechanism of the model , furthermore , it shows the direction and significance of this new concept's study in the fut...	分析了该模型的抗摩擦和噪声降噪机理 , 进一步展示了这一新概念研究的方向和意义 。
the left cervical incision was perfoimed for cervical esophageal carcinoma and partial cervicosternotomy was performed for lesion in the upper thoracic segment .	左颈椎切除术用于宫颈癌和部分颈椎癌 , 术后左颈椎切除术 。
slowerthanexpected growth has fueled speculation the federal reserve could launch another round of bond buying to try to drive longterm borrowing costs lower .	美国联邦储备的缓慢预期增长预计 , 联邦储备的预计可能会发射另一轮债券购买 , 试图将长期借贷成本降低 。
soil moisture content and its dynamics on road embankment and cutting slope at fixed points were investigated on shaanxi—inner mongolia desert expressway .	研究了山西土壤水分含量及其在路堤上的动力学 , 研究了固定点的土壤水分含量及其在蒙古沙漠高速公路中的作用 。
the american association of university professors says sixtyeight percent of all teacher appointments at american colleges today are adjuncts .	美国大学教授协会表示 , 今天美国大学教师委员会的六十八个百分之一都是调整的 。
the intelligent electricmagnetic flowmeter , integrating the sensor , converter and integrator onto it , and displaying on the spot , is introduced in the paper .	介绍了智能电磁流量计、集成传感器、转换器和集成器 , 并对该点进行了展示 。
the tribute in light represents the lost twin towers from the world trade center . it displays just one of many memorials to the 9/11 attacks five years ago .	光线的分布代表了世界贸易中心失去的双塔 , 它显示了五年前9/111袭击的记忆之一 。
we should not entrust important jobs to persons who have made grave mistakes and whose attitude remains bad ; they should be deprived of their current ranks and perquisites .	我们不应该对那些制造严重错误的人员信任重要工作 , 而且他们的态度仍然不好 ; 他们应该被剥夺当前的排名和完美的网站 。
objective to investigate the effect and mechanisms of tumor suppressor gene pten on the induction of anoikis of human bladder transitional carcinoma cells biu87 .	目的探讨肿瘤抑制剂基因pten对人类膀胱转移癌细胞诱导的影响及机制 。
its capital was bodoni , and its leader was general pica . the guardian " s phones rang all day as readers sought more information about the idyllic holiday spot . "	它的首都是bodoni , 它的领导人一般是pica , 保卫者的电话每天都是一般的 , 因为读者们对idyllic假期的更多信息 。
qcg series conventional canned motor pipeline mounted pumps are used to handle clean water or other liquids similar to water in physical and chemical properties .	qcg系列常规罐管道安装泵用来处理清洁水或其他液体类似于物理和化学性能的水 。
unconventional agents such as the agent causing bovine spongiform encephalopathy , is associated with variant creutzfeldtjakob disease in humans .	不常规的代理 , 例如导致波音形心理病 , 与人类各种切尔兹-job疾病相关 。
by introducing a reducedorder observer to reconstruct the state of the exosystem , the problem of physically realizable of the ootc law can thus be solved .	介绍了一种降阶观察器重建外交系统的状态 , 解决了ootc法的物理实现问题 , 从而解决了ootc法的问题 。
an approach is proposed to discretize continuous intervalvalued attributes in rough set theory . the approach is characterized by emphasizing classseparability in discretization .	针对粗糙集理论中的连续间值属性 , 提出了一种方法 , 强调分散性的方法 。
the air defence systems on display at airshow china in november showed a strong emphasis on deployable , multifunctional weapons with the export market firmly in mind .	111年1月 , 中国空军防御系统展示了一项强调可部署、多功能武器 , 与出口市场紧密相关的强调 。
rabies patient should protect processing in the quiet environment court eunuch , may use the tranquilizer to reduce patient's spasm , paralysis and the ache .	兔病人应该保护安静的环境法院的加工 , 可以使用tranquilizer来减少患者的痉挛、瘫痪和疼痛 。
however , should nilmar arrive as a replacement , wolfsburg may be willing to lower their price slightly and loosen their grip , allowing the rossoneri to pounce .	然而 , nilmar应该作为替代品 , 沃尔夫斯堡可能愿意降低他们的价格 , 减少他们的收入 , 使罗斯尼亚允许罗斯尼里去污染 。
an adaptive control strategy for parallel hybrid electric vehicles is proposed based on drive cycle recognition with the balance of battery soc as objective .	提出了一种基于电池soc的自适应控制策略 , 提出了一种基于驱动周期识别的并行混合电动车辆的自适应控制策略 。
as the situation of trust research's multidisciplinary interaction and omnibearingly advancing , it is imperative to check its philosophic dimensionality .	随着信任研究的多学科互动的现状 , 垄断地改进 , 检查其哲学维度是不可少的 。
the longterm studies by hossain and his colleagues suggest that dams have particularly altered extreme precipitation patterns in arid or semiarid areas .	霍萨因和他的同事们的长期研究表明 , 大坝在干旱或半干旱地区特别改变了极端沉淀模式 。
since the end of the cold war , when washington sniffed soviet influence in its backyard , u . s . south american policy has slumped in importance .	自从冷战结束以来 , 当华盛顿对苏联对其后院影响的时候 , 美国政策逐渐降低了重要性 。
the capture of two german agents in 1942 uncovered two such codes which british intelligence had repeatedly failed to crack , the declassified files reveal .	1942年 , 两个德国代理的捕获发现了英国情报的两种代码 , 反复没有破坏 , 声明的文件揭示 。
a new stabilization additive was studied , it has good effect to improve the color change and sediments formation of fcc diesel fuel containing nonbasic nitrogen compounds .	研究了一种新型稳定添加剂 , 提高含有非基本氮化合物的fcc柴油的颜色变化和沉积形成具有良好的效果 。
net income came in at $54 million , or 4 cents per share , down from net income of $151 million , or 11 cents , in 2007's third quarter .	2007年第三季度 , 净收入达到54亿美元 , 或每股4美分 , 从净收入151亿美元 , 或11美元 。
it’s certainly helping out the alphabet’s second vowel , although as the english language’s most popular letter , it doesn’t really need it .	尽管英语最受欢迎的字母 , 尽管英语最受欢迎的字母 , 但它并不需要它 。
new york times chairman arthur sulzberger declined to comment in an wedensday on its involvement in the new device except to say , 'stay tuned . '	纽约时代主席阿瑟·苏尔伯格周二在新设备上评论 , 除了说 , 除了说 " staytuned " 之外 , 纽约时代主席阿瑟·苏尔伯格拒绝评论 。
the dynamic , vivid , personality about workflow becomes the urgent needs of the customer , with wfms application scope to extend and application realm to expand continuously .	wfms应用范围扩展和应用范围 , 使工作流的个性成为客户的迫切需求 , 随着wfms应用范围的延伸和应用范围的延伸 。
minister of the fingers into a large source to the coil , and quickly plucked from the middle of some dirt around workers are using water washing the dirt on the various components .	手指部长进一个大型来源 , 迅速从中间的一些污泥周围工人的中间被用水洗在各种组件上 。
mclennan , on the other hand , felt more in control and says she enjoyed aspects of her former job , especially the money and the opportunity to " party with rock stars . "	另一方面 , mclennnan感觉更多 , 她说她喜欢她前工作的方面 , 特别是钱和机会 " 与岩星 " 。
since we spend forty or more hours at our jobs weekly , it is essential to your health and longevity that your place of work is as conducive to wellness as possible .	由于我们每周花了44个小时或多个小时 , 对于你的健康和长寿来说 , 你的工作地方就像有可能导致良好 。
this is a redundant practice when using odbc , as the configuration is purely in initialization of the application , and the odbc functions are androgynous to the database system .	在使用odbc时 , 这是一个冗余的实践 , 因为配置纯粹是应用程序初始化的 , 而odbc函数对数据库系统具有安全性 。
the opposition leader had returned to pakistan after eight years in exile and had survived a suicide bomb blast during her arrival procession in karachi only months before .	反对党领导人在八年后回到巴基斯坦 , 在卡拉奇前几个月 , 自杀炸弹生存了自杀炸弹 。
next , they divided up the diabetics and gave half a placebo and treated half with extendedrelease niacin , a drug that raises hdl levels in the blood .	接下来 , 他们分别分为糖尿病 , 给了一半的地方 , 用扩张释放硝基因 , 一种药物在血液中提高hdl水平 。
well you could stretch it and say that an example of engineering to improve human health is getting them from one place to another , but that would be more of a stretch than i'm going to make .	好的 , 你可以伸展它 , 说一个工程的例子 , 改善人类健康的例子是从一个地方到另一个地方 , 但这比我要多 。
investors looked decidedly spooked on monday , with asian and european bourses down sharply and the dow tumbling 643 . 76 points , or more than 5% .	投资者周一表示 , 亚洲和欧洲的投资者似乎决定在周一发表谈判 , 道琼643.76点 , 或超过5% 。
here is a wiring diagram for the star configuration that i have found from the net . you are better to do this with great circumspection or it would be easily end up with a burned esc .	这里是我从网上找到的恒星配置的一个线图 , 您更好地做这件事 , 或者很容易结束燃烧的esc 。
but the study of the buddhism thoughts from mou zongsan is less than others , especially the study of dacheng qixin lun's content and significance .	然而 , 佛教思想的研究比其他人更少 , 尤其是大成秦月的内容和意义的研究 。
more regulation of companies , encouraged by the sarbanesoxley act in the united states , and other measures designed to clean up the corporate act will be the spur .	更多的规定 , 由美国sarbanesoxley执行的sarbanesoxley行为鼓励公司 , 以及其他措施设计清理公司行为将会是激励的 。
you can embed media to better illustrate a topic , provide information about yourself to build your credibility , and collaborate with others to improve your knol over time .	您可以嵌入媒体来更好地说明一个主题 , 为自己建立信用性 , 同时与其他人协作来提高你的knol 。
this paper describes the idea of mvc2 , the innovation in filtering and xml , as well as the design and implementation of access control administration system based on mvc2 .	本文介绍了mvc2的思想 , 基于mvc2的基于mvc2的设计和实现访问控制系统的设计思想 。
steele declared subsequently to cnn that limbaugh's comments were incendiary and ugly , prompting limbaugh to question steele's ability to lead the party .	史蒂尔接下来宣布 , 林巴ug的评论是独立和丑陋的 , 促进林巴足以质疑史蒂尔的能力领导党 。
yet their summers more likely involve city recreation centers , steamy blacktop , or a splash in a public pool or a fire hydrant turned fountain .	然而 , 他们的夏天更有可能参与城市娱乐中心 , 蒸汽黑top , 或者在公共池或一场火灾水化的泉 。
using these for reference , china should complete present educational investment system , give priority to development of the basic education , strengthen educational institution etc so as...	利用这些参考 , 中国应当完成现有的教育投资体系 , 为基本教育、加强教育机构等基本教育发展提供优先意义 。
north korea says it attacked the island , killing two soldiers and two civilians , because the south ignored its warning not to fire into disputed waters around the island .	朝鲜说 , 它袭击了岛屿 , 杀死两名士兵和两名民兵 , 因为南方忽略警告不要在岛周围的争论水 。
implementation: capable of implementing creative ideas in an allround way based on the overall strategy , we can achieve the best result from user experience optimization .	实现:基于整体策略实现创造性思想的能力 , 可以从用户体验优化实现最好的结果 。
the composer kennosuke suemura also allegedly plagiarised warcraft ii in super robot wars w . however , there have been no reports of legal action being taken .	在超级机器人战争中 , 作曲家肯诺苏克苏尔姆拉也被称为 " 平等战争 " 二战 , 但没有法律行动的报道 。
as the strategic and leading industry of china , hitech industry attracts much fdi . gradually , fdi becomes the main power of promotion of hitech industry in china .	随着我国的战略和领导产业的发展 , 高科技产业吸引了很多fdi 。 逐步 , fdi成为我国高科技产业的主要力量 。
in the second quarter , aol said , its own members made up 36% of unique visitors to its network of websites , but generated 80% of page views .	在第二季度 , aol表示 , 自己的成员将36%独特的访问网站组成 , 但产生了80%的页面视图 。
but eventually we decide to skip it and return towards the barkhor . along the way we bump into fellow travellers anja and joep , who are also exploring the city .	但是最后我们决定把它滑到巴克港 , 回到巴克港 , 沿着我们的旅行者安杰和加入 , 还在探索这个城市 。
changes california constitution to prohibit abortion for unemancipated minor until 48 hours after physician notifies minor's parent or legal guardian .	改变加利福尼亚宪法 , 禁止吸收减少到48小时以前 , 物理学家通知少数的父母或法律卫生 。
the majority embryo of seeds aborted at earlier stage could develop to earlier globular embryo phase due to the abnormal endosperm nucleus division .	早期吸收的大多数胚胎可能由于非正常内皮核分裂而发育到全球胚胎阶段 。
the fifth , the agribusiness managerial education should to teach the profession knowledge , to make the independent thinking and cultivate the habit of lifetime learning .	第五 , 农业经营管理教育应该教育专业知识 , 使独立思维和培养生命学习习习习习习习习习习习习的习惯 。
empire: total war featured a brandnew engine which would become the foundation of our latest developments , and introduce fully 3d naval battles to the series for the first time .	帝国:总战争引擎将成为最新的发展的基础 , 引入全部3d海军战争 , 第一次将成为我们最新的发展的基础 。
students will be able to use the knowledge and methods they will have learned in this course to search related materials and find answers when they encounter law problems in the future .	学生们将能够利用知识和方法 , 他们将在本课程中学习相关材料 , 并在未来遇到法律问题时找到答案 。
conclusion it is satisfactory of lattice scarification under corneal epithelium to treat bullous keratopathy caused by physical and mechanical factors .	结论在角膜上皮下角膜扩张的满意度 , 治疗由身体和力学因素引起的混合骨病变 。
optimists shrug that politicians always talk populist claptrap during primaries and that mr obama has actually committed himself to very little .	最佳主义者冲刷 , 政治家总是在初级时会谈人口克拉普 , 奥巴马先生实际上承诺自己很少 。
the mode on wii carries the exact same design as it does elsewhere , less your hairstyle options which are for some reason limited to one color and three style choices .	wii的设计模式与其它地方做出了相同的设计模式 , 减少了你的发型选项 , 适用于某种颜色和三种风格的选择 。
the main view of this paper is: only when the laborers have legal collective bargaining right , and fully exercise this right , could they protect their own work rights and interests effectively ;	本论文的主要观点是:只有当劳动者有法律集体禁止权利的时候 , 才能有效地保护自己的工作权利 ;
at the same un summit , president obama offered strong rhetoric but little substance as he faces fierce domestic opposition to proposed carbon cuts .	同一联合国峰会上 , 奥巴马总统提供了强大的流动性但小物质 , 因为他面对国内反对提出的碳削减 。
barack obama and hillary clinton went back and forth several times throughout their zigzag battle for the 2008 democratic nomination — sometimes via voice mail .	巴拉克奥巴马和希拉里·克林顿在2008年的民主提名中回来了几次 , 有时候通过声音邮件 。
the interior advances a practice that is dedicated to wish fulfillment , material exploration and an unashamed reveal of exotic theatricality present in daytoday life .	内部先进的实践 , 为了希望实施、材料勘探和今天天天的异议性展示了日常生活中存在的异议性 。
balanced input signal from any true balanced player will be handled all the way through in fully balanced till it reaches the balanced headphone output connector .	平衡输入信号从任何真正平衡的球员将通过完全平衡 , 直到达到平衡的头电话输出连接器 。
the area has become an " arena " where gathers world big powers and various politics . the united states recognizes that central asia is part of the us global strategy .	这个地区已经成为一个 " 伊萨 " 的世界大权力和各种政治 , 美国认识中亚是美国全球战略的一部分 。
the person most commonly associated with aop is gregor kiczales , currently at the university of british columbia , where he works on software modularity research .	目前在英国哥伦比亚大学的英国哥伦比亚大学的gregorkiczales , 他在这里工作于软件模块研究 。
types of help might entail thorough job training on the job , direction , transportation , or other support enabling that individual to retain his or her employment .	类型的帮助可能会在工作、方向、交通或其他支持下完成工作培训 , 以保留自己或她的职业 。
there was a scene whereby su jin finally went to the house she lived with yong min and finally packed up all her things and dropped the keys into the mail box .	有一个场景 , 苏金终于去了她和永敏一起住的房子 , 终于把所有的东西扔进邮箱里 。
the finite element method is used to analyze the influence of external circumstances on effect of deicing or snow melting system by electrically conductive concrete .	采用有限元方法分析了外部环境对电导混凝土的影响 。
bp managers say they frequently hear that 'potus has ordered' such and such , 'potus' being washington shorthand for 'president of the united states . '	bp经理表示 , 他们经常听说 , " 土地已经订购了这样的 , 这样 , " 土地 " 正在华盛顿短缺 , 为 " 美国总统 " 。
g2 united states recognizes the presence of international agencies , foreign governments and other representatives of staff and their immediate family members .	g2美国认识到国际机构的存在、外国政府和其他人员的代表以及他们立即家庭成员 。
in particular , the relevant import declaration form as signed and issued by the customs shall be submitted for the payment for any purchase of foreign exchange .	特别是 , 由海关签署的相关进口宣布形式 , 应当提交任何购买外汇交易的付款 。
the analyzing method in this paper is based on the classical theory of plates and shells and the twomoment limitedinteraction yield condition was used as the yield criterion for materials .	本文以板体和壳体的经典理论为基础 , 采用两元有限元反应产量条件 , 作为材料产量标准 。
yi xiaozhun said that china maintained good economic and trade relations with malaysia and singapore . the three countries are important trade partners of each other .	伊小庄说 , 中国与马来西亚和新加坡保持良好的经济和贸易关系 , 三国是互相交易伙伴的重要交易伙伴 。
for the occasion , this month's column provides a more indepth description of ibm support assistant in general , including the latest features .	对于此 , 本月的专栏提供了一个更深入的描述ibm支持总体来说 , 包括最新的特性 。
the analysis result shows: 1 favorable cap rock conditions can retard coalbed methane scattering and indirectly restrain methane desorbing ;	分析结果表明:1例较好的cap岩条件可以对煤层甲烷散射和间接抑制甲烷吸收 ;
pictures taken yesterday shows dozens of pupils jogging and playing badminton inside jiakai sports hall , which is equipped with an airpurifying system .	昨天拍摄的图片展示了几十个学生玩笑和玩坏的玩耍 , 装备了一个空气净化系统 。
fig . 5 illustrates an example of a pulse width generator with two alternate delay paths , according to another embodiment of the present invention .	图5显示了一个脉冲宽度发电机的一个例子 , 两个替代延迟路径 , 根据本发明的另一个实例 。
jinbao street is an avenue created after the destruction of a swathe of alleyways and traditional courtyard housing just east of the wangfujing shopping district .	金宝街是一条街道破坏的巷道和传统的院院院 , 仅仅是王府东部的东部 。
last week , france's national assembly voted to return the mummified heads of 16 maoris from various museums back to their homeland in new zealand .	上周 , 法国国家集团投票回到新西兰的各种博物馆的16个马来西兰 。
china is in favor of setting up a peacebuilding commission to coordinate more effectively un efforts in peacekeeping , postconflict rehabilitation and development .	中国正喜欢建立和平建设委员会 , 协调和平保持、后冲突康复和发展的努力 。
in this paper to discuss labor relations , labor law that is subject to adjustment of labor relations , should be a specific , narrow sense of labor relations .	本文讨论劳动关系 , 劳动法是劳动关系调整劳动关系的主体 , 应该是劳动关系的特殊、狭窄的劳动意义 。
“if japanese engineers did it , they would create a japanese product , ” explains hitoshi otsuki , who heads panasonic’s overseas operations .	" 如果日本工程师这样做 , 他们会创造一个日本产品 , " 希特奥斯基解释说 , 他的主管帕纳森尼的海外操作 。
anthocyanins provide the dark colours of many fruits and vegetables , such as blueberries and red peppers . they are what makes black rice 'black' .	青少年人提供了许多水果和蔬菜的黑色颜色 , 比如蓝莓和红椒 , 它们是黑米 " 黑 " 的 。
'most earthquakerelated casualties result from collapsing walls , flying glass , and falling objects , ' says the fema web site .	女性网站说 , 几乎地震相关的铸造结果从崩溃的墙壁、飞行玻璃和降落对象 。
west of the great dividing range the landscape consists mostly of plains and plateaus ; the macdonnell ranges near the country's center are an exception .	西部大规模的景观范围主要由平原和高原组成 , 麦当尼尔地区附近的麦当尼尔是一个例外 。
a the press of a button , a microcomputer lock all other floors'chute doors and sets the recyclingcontainer turning until the right box comes under the chute .	一个按钮的新闻 , 一个微型计算机锁定了其他地板的切口门 , 然后设置回收容器转到右键 。
the drought was serious for early rice from early pi to maturity under dry year type , and its strength and duration surpassed that of normal year type .	干旱对早期猪早期稻进行严重 , 干燥年期干燥 , 其强度和时间超过正常年期 。
the grand hotels has the honor to meet with mr . ajoy k misra , senior vice president , sales & marketing of taj hotels resorts and palaces .	大酒店拥有荣幸与高级副总裁、销售和销售市场塔j酒店和宫殿见面的高级酒店 。
united is pleased to announce it has reached an agreement with partizan belgrade and the players for zoran tosic and adem ljajic to join the club .	联合国很高兴宣布 , 与parizanbelde协议和zorantosic和demljic加入俱乐部的球员达成协议 。
when i go across the developing countries and ask myself what is the largest single explanation for the huge diversity of economic performance , it falls in this territory .	当我走过发展中国家的时候 , 问自己是最大的经济表现多样性的单一解释 , 它在这个领域下降 。
although a number of projects outerjacketing frame for storeyadding have been accomplished presently , there is little research on design methods for this kind of frame .	尽管目前已完成了许多外震框架的项目 , 但对于这种框架的设计方法尚没有研究 。
plan 1 is that heating in winter and cooling in summer is realized by gas direct fired lithium bromide absorbent type cool heaters using natural gas for fuel .	计划1是 , 在夏天冬天和冷却的情况下 , 气体直接燃烧锂吸收式冷却剂使用燃料来实现 。
the body position i end up in – with the tennis ball trapped in between my racket and the fence – is very similar to what your contact point will be when you actually serve .	我的身体位置是我最后的 , 当你确实服务的时候 , 网球在我的脚趾和脚趾之间陷阱的网球就很相似于你的接触点 。
l929 cells were cocultured with the porous chitosan membranes and biocompatible observation was performed with scanning electron microscope .	用扫描电镜对l929细胞进行了培养 , 利用扫描电子显微镜进行生物相容观察 。
the spirit of new asia college meant different signification by different period , but qian mu's noble ambition of developing chinese culture was always incarnated in it .	新亚大学的精神意味着不同时期的意义不同 , 但秦穆的新兴文化的贵族始终是中国文化发展的 。
ceramides are a type of lipid found in cell membranes , and they also serve as signals in the body's stress response , summers explained .	美国夏天解释说 , 陶瓷是细胞膜中发现的一种脂肪 , 它们也作为身体应力响应的信号 。
microsoft corp . , for example , has built up its cash levels to $60 . 9 billion , including equity and others investments as of march .	例如 , 微软公司已经建立了其现金水平到609亿美元 , 包括股权和其他投资3月 。
the official jobless rate , which garners the bulk of attention from politicians and the public , was reported on friday to have risen to 9 . 7 percent in august .	据《政治家和公众》杂志报道 , 官方工作失业率 , 8月份收集了9.7%的注意力 。
methods preoperative fine needle aspiration biopsy findings were compared with the final pathologic diagnosis of the surgically resected specimen in 241 cases .	方法对241例患者手术切除规范的最后病理诊断进行比较 。
when cave , as a kind of natural geomorphologic landscape , is developed and utilized by human being as a kind of tourism resource , we call it tourism cave .	当洞穴时 , 作为一种自然地理景观 , 由人类作为旅游资源的开发利用 , 我们叫它旅游洞 。
angle: it turned green because the soda water contains alkali . things like soda water which can turn the juice into green , are called alkaline matters .	角度:它转变绿色 , 因为soda水含碱性 , 像soda水转化成绿色 , 被称为碱性物质 。
with the development of dance with accompaniment as well as opening of society , permanent theatres came into existence in tang dynasty and perfomances became more frequent .	随着舞蹈的发展 , 社会的开放 , 永久剧院在唐代的存在和永久性剧院变得越来越频繁 。
the vehicle frame is the footboard type structure , which is comfortable and convenient in riding and can obviously reduce the labor intensity of riders .	车辆框架是足板式结构 , 具有舒适、方便 , 能明显降低骑手的劳动强度 。
and peng changes food to be caused easily full bilge feeling , the influence dines normally , meet what cloggy body pledges to nurture absorb .	彭改变食物容易引起全面的预报感觉 , 通常影响饮食 , 满足足护理吸收的情况 。
he fled from wenzhou to the united states on september 21 , leaving 1 . 5 billion yuan in debt owed to both chinese banks and individual creditors .	他从温州到美国9月21日离开了15亿元债务 , 由于中国银行和个人债务人 , 离开了15亿元的债务 。
the seismology research centre says the earthquake measured 3 . 8 on the richter scale with an epicenter about 80 kilometers southwest of sydney .	地震学研究中心表示 , 地震震测量了3.8英里的丰富尺度 , 位于悉尼西南部的80公里 。
when the drone finally pulls away , his barbed penis andabdominal tissues are ripped from his body . he dies shortly thereafter — what abuzz kill .	当司机终于推出时 , 他的宝宝宝和腹部组织被从身体上爬出来 , 他就死在那里 , 就死了 , 什么阿布兹杀死了 。
the " metalframed composite hoses " are extensively used in industries such as petroleum , chemistry , pharmacy , foodstuff , storage and transportation .	" 金属框架复合房屋 " 被广泛应用于石油、化学、药物、食品、储存和运输等行业 。
the phrase requiring the programmingtools word set shall be appended to the label of standard programs that require the system to provide the programmingtools word set .	要求程序tools设置的短语要求程序集应适用于标准程序标准的标准程序 , 要求系统提供程序工具集 。
this course asks fundamental questions like why is the electric charge in nature quantized ? and why can't we find an isolated magnetic north or south pole ?	本课程要求基本问题如何是自然化的原因 , 为什么我们不能找到一个孤立的磁北或南极 ?
a dead turtle floats on a pool of oil from the deepwater horizon spill in barataria bay off the coast of louisiana monday , june , 7 , 2010 .	2010年6月7日 , 2010年6月7日 , 巴拉特里亚海岸的路易斯安娜海岸 , 一只死龟浮在一堆石油上 。
conclusion the level of leukocyte cd18 and mpo increases and the leukocyte count decreases during reperfusion injury of rat island flaps .	结论白细胞cd18和mpo的水平增加和白细胞数量减少在大鼠岛皮瓣重复灌注损伤期间的减少 。
france is expected to pledge 150 gendarmes to head an afghan police training mission , with a further 150 coming from mainly mediterranean countries .	法国预计将承诺150个年轻人参加阿富汗警察培训任务 , 进一步来自中海国家的150个 。
we hold that the implementation of omc is a realistic choice of eu , though not enough to help eu to achieve health care integration in the end for its own weaknesses .	我们坚持说 , omc实施是欧盟现实选择 , 尽管欧盟不足以帮助欧盟实现健康保健整合 , 最后为自己的弱点 。
this article consists of five chapters: chapter one and two introduce the basic information of vor , including the source , definition , basic theory and value .	本文主要包括五章:第一章和两章介绍vor的基本信息 , 包括源、定义、基本理论和价值 。
but the sun is on our backs . with limited time to wander , why trail down to the grotto when we can see it , all mystery preserved , from the ramparts of the basilica ?	但是太阳在我们的背上 , 带有限的时间去游荡 , 为什么我们能看到它 , 所有的神秘保护 , 从基本西拉姆帕特 ?
during 10 years since rgs come into being , it has bred about 10 high yield , high quality rice varieties , brought hugely contribution to jilin province .	自从rgs开始以来 , 大约有10个高产、高品质水稻品种 , 给吉林省带来了巨大的贡献 。
check classified ads , both in print and online , to see what's available and what the going rate is in a particular neighborhood . get the earliest edition you can .	检查分类广告 , 两者都在印刷和网上 , 看看哪些可用的 , 特别是邻居 , 得到最早的版本 。
in a unique aviation experiment recently , the 170seat boeing 727 was made to crash in a controlled manner in a remote part of mexico's sonoran desert .	在最近的一个独特的航空实验中 , 170个座位boing727被制造成一个遥远的墨西哥沙漠的控制方式 。
i tell jurors at the very beginning of a trial that the freedom we usually have to jump to conclusions in everyday life is , for the purpose of this trial , now suspended .	我告诉陪审员们 , 我们通常必须在日常生活中跳跃的自由 , 因为这项试验的目的 , 现在悬挂了 。
this indeed is the one that i inscribe here as a balance to what is involved in meaning , it is the locus of that which , through the parlêtre , is designated in conscience as power .	这实际上是我描述这里的平衡 , 是参与意义的 , 它是通过parlaltre的定位 , 被指定为权力 。
this paper builds the multiple scattering model of imaging in fog and presents the algorithm of fog water content measure based on images blur degree .	本文建立了fog成像多散射模型 , 提出了基于图像blur程度的雾水含量测量算法 。
the silkworm , bombyx mori , as a completely domesticated insect with good breeding and genetic system , has been considered as an ideal model for lepidoptera .	由于具有良好的育种和遗传系统的国内昆虫作为一种理想的模型 , 被认为是脂肪酸酯的理想模型 。
i fly the aircraft back down to the 1 , 500foot line at 500 feet and modify my airspeed to get at show center for the pullup . i level off at about 500 feet .	我飞机飞回1500英尺的飞机 , 500英尺的飞机 , 修改我飞机的飞机速度 , 为了拍摄中心 , 我水平达500英尺 。
many have cautioned investors not to make rash decisions , such as liquidating all their lowrisk government bonds in order to sniff the green paper bill for just a minute .	许多投资者不要制定rash决策 , 比如把所有低风险的政府债券放在一分钟内 , 为了让绿色纸币价格仅仅仅仅仅是一分钟 。
in his youth , lawrence kessenich often clashed with his father over politics and religion , but he also admired his dad’s commitment to helping the poor and homeless .	在他的青年中 , 律师基斯尼奇经常与他的父亲在政治和宗教上冲击 , 但他也承认他爸的承诺帮助贫穷和家庭无家 。
arsenal can take positives from the result and most of the performance , city can take heart from the fact that even with 10 men they gave us a game until the second goal went in .	阿森纳可以采取积极的结果 , 大多数的性能 , 城市都能从事实上拿到10个男人 , 直到第二个进球 。
what should we call these iphonelike , touch screen wifi phones with music and video , real web browsers , email , sensors , and , above all , app stores ?	我们应该把这些iphone类似的、触摸屏幕wifi手机与音乐和视频 , 真正的web浏览器 , 电子邮件 , 传感器 , 上面 , 应用程序存储 ?
results the automatically rotating km—5000d microkeratome system comprised three parts: microcut system , double electronic dynamic device and control panel .	结果自动旋转km-5000d微光照系统包括三个部分:微切割系统、双电子动力装置和控制面板 。
impressed by the official's work , the gates foundation decided to adopt her model of prevention and outreach and replicate it in major cities across 12 provinces .	由官方工作所印象 , 盖茨基金会决定采取预防和出口模式 , 并在12个省重大城市复制 。
despite u . s . misgivings , britainsaid earlier this month it would join the aiib . france , germany and italy quicklyfollowed .	尽管美国错误 , 英国本月早些时候会加入aib.法国、德国和意大利 。
but on the other hand , with the increase of the intrafirm trade and intraindustry trade , which is brought by multinational companies , the fdi has a positive effect on trade .	另一方面 , 随着多国公司的内部贸易和内部产业贸易的增加 , fdi对贸易具有积极的影响 。
interactive charts will show investors how their risk exposure changes when they buy more microsoft options , or hold fewer chinese stocks , or short the price of oil .	互动图表将显示投资者如何在购买更多微软选项时 , 如何在投资者的风险暴露变化 , 或持有较少的中国股票 , 或短的油价 。
they and their patients have been very worried about the cardiovascular safety of rosiglitazone due to the meta analysis paper from new england journal of medicine .	他们和他们的病人对新英格兰医学杂志的资料分析报告非常担心 , 由于新英格兰医学报道的心血管安全性 。
a few insect species including beetles and katydids actively bleed when attacked , but the benefits of taking such extreme measures were not clear .	有几种昆虫 , 包括蜂类和鱼类在攻击时积极出血 , 但采取这种极端措施的好处并不清楚 。
infrared searching and tracking systems find wide use in military and civil applications . airborne irst systems are described , and its application examples are introduced .	介绍了红外搜索和跟踪系统在军事和民用应用中得到广泛的应用 , 介绍了航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空系统 , 并介绍了其应用实例 。
the gravel , grave cement and concrete thickness are given for reference only ; the final thickness will be accurately calculated according to chinese regulation .	根据中国规定 , 给出了石灰水泥和混凝土厚度 , 只有参考 , 最后的厚度将准确计算 。
energy prices eased a bit tuesday , with oil hovering around$134 . 01 a barrel and gas prices at $4 . 078 a gallon .	能源价格周二简单 , 油价每桶134.01美元 , 每加仑4.078美元 。
even though its owners lacked all six required licenses , it operated on state property in full view of a stateowned mine for more than three years , the official said .	官员表示 , 尽管其所有人缺乏六个需要许可证 , 但在全国国有矿区的国家财产全面运行了国家财产 。
for average people in china , they hope to find something from those countries that we can learn from , meanwhile intimidated by the potential despise or discrimination we might get in reward .	对于平均人来说 , 他们希望找到从我们可以学习的国家的东西 , 同时也可以被潜在的不足或歧视我们可能得到奖励 。
medvedev people in more than she had in mind the same year 1909 , the washington state governor to respond to announce the third sunday in june as father's day .	1909年 , 华盛顿州州州长梅德维夫在六月份宣布第三个星期日的时候 , 她心中超过了人们 。
a report by the world's leading international health organizations today calls for joint action to accelerate the development and licensing of a highly effective malaria vaccine .	今天 , 世界上领先的国际卫生组织呼吁联合行动加快一个高效疟疾疫苗的发展和许可 。
the building faces south to capture the best views and has sweeping terraces that overhang by 2 . 5 metres to prevent glare into the rooms below .	建筑面对南方捕捉最好的观点 , 扫过2.5米的地方 , 以防止玻璃到下面的房间 。
designing your threadsafe class in this fashion allows it to be used in a multithreaded application as easily as a nonthreadsafe class , but with a higher level of safety .	在这个时尚设计你的线程安全类 , 允许它在多线程应用程序中使用 , 作为非线程安全类 , 但具有较高的安全性 。
productivity in the united states has fluctuated widely in recent decades . from 1979 to 1990 , u . s . productivity grew by a slow 1 . 4% annually .	1979年至1990年 , 美国生产力在近几十年的流动 , 从1979年到1990年 , 美国生产力逐渐增长1.4% 。
but the researchers suggest that if the weakening trend continues , there could be more severe cyclones , even during the summer monsoon months of june to september .	但是 , 研究人员建议如果减弱趋势持续 , 即使在6月到9月夏季 , 即使是在夏季季季季季季季季的蒙索森月份 , 就会有更多的循环 。
moreover , this paper takes an example of the renewal and transformation of haohe in nantong , analyzing the experience from the investigation about background and course of it .	此外 , 文章从研究背景和课程的基础上 , 分析了南海河再生转型的经验 。
however , the compressed air pass the same large area of laval nozzle in the traditional vacuum ejector all through the working process , so its large shortcoming is high compressed air consumption .	然而 , 压缩空气通过传统真空喷嘴的大面积传递了传统的真空喷嘴 , 因此它的大不足是高压缩空气消耗 。
democrats such as mr . hoyer blame the deficit largely on the bush administration , which inherited budget surpluses , but left office with deficits .	诸如霍伊尔先生这样的民主党人大部分谴责布什政府的赤字 , 继承预算额外 , 但离开办公室的缺陷 。
in addition to the sparql endpoints that appear on the public internet , others are appearing behind firewalls to ease crosssilo querying of enterprise data .	除了在公共网上出现的sparql端点外 , 其他人出现在火墙后面 , 以减轻跨silo查询企业数据 。
cherie blair , the wife of prime minister tony blair , posed nude for a painting when she was a trainee lawyer in her mid20s , the times reported .	据《时报》报道 , 今年中20年代中期 , 陈布莱尔的妻子 , 她是一名火车律师 。
neither fighter has ever appeared out of shape or drastically ran out of gas during a distance fight , but both tend to fade a bit over the second half of a 12round bout .	在距离战斗期间 , 战斗机从未出现任何形状或排出气体 , 但两者往往往会在12周围的一半左右降低一点 。
the results can be shown by numerical value and by graphic in the developed software that make it be seen directly . besides , the working interface is easy for workers to use .	结果可通过数值和图形在开发的软件中直接显示 , 此外工作界面容易用于工人使用 。
you can now adjust your websphere integration developer authentication to use your administrator user , leaving the wpsserver id for use only by your server process .	现在您可以调整您的websphere集成开发人员验证 , 以便使用您的管理员用户 , 留下wpserverid , 只使用服务器进程 。
although figure 5 shows an mvclike model as an example , you can apply the basic principles of the rich web application backplane to any model and page design methodology .	虽然图5显示了mvc类似的模型 , 但是您可以应用丰富web应用程序背景的基本原理 , 到任何模型和页面设计方法 。
the new economic realities may lead to flat matchday revenues . while attendances continue to hold up well , many clubs have frozen or reduced ticket prices .	新经济实际可能导致平均竞争 , 同时注意力持续良好 , 许多俱乐部已经冻结或减少票价 。
on tv , a news reporter states that the vice president has the largest campaign war chest in history and is therefore the oddson favorite to win her party’s nomination .	在电视台上 , 一位新闻记者声称 , 副总统在历史上拥有最大的竞选战争 , 因此奥德森最喜欢赢得党的提名 。
based on the bidirectional properties of semiconductor cooler , we designed a bidirectional active highaccurated temperature controller , with broad working range .	在半导体冷却器的双向性能基础上 , 设计了一种具有广泛的工作范围 。
although the ford fseries was the number one best selling vehicle in the us last year , there were six foreign owned models in the top ten list in 2010 .	虽然fdfseries是去年美国最佳销售车辆 , 但在2010年最高的十个列表中有六个外国拥有的模型 。
occasionally , a follicle doesn't open to release the egg or recloses after releasing the egg and swells with fluid , forming an ovarian cyst .	偶尔 , 一个傻瓜不开放鸡蛋或是在释放液体和汗水后 , 形成卵巢 。
'we are not receiving special treatment ; we compete for business just like every other company , ' the fairfield , conn . , conglomerate said recently on its website .	" 我们不接受特殊的治疗 , 我们竞争每个公司 , " 公平场 " , 康奈最近在其网站上说 。
he faces an investigation in france about allegations he sexually attacked a young novelist in 2003 , and a civil suit in new york by ms . diallo .	2003年 , 他面对法国的一项调查 , 他在2003年性攻击了一名年轻小说家 , 并且在纽约的一个民间服装 。
results show that the thermal comfort of combined system is the best , and the risk of condensation is lower than that when chilled ceiling panel operates individually .	结果表明 , 结合系统的热舒适性是最好的 , 凝结的风险比冷凝天花板操作时更低 。
at worst , he and his wife would earn about 600 yuan a month ; at the busiest times , when production ran until 2am , they could take home 2 , 100 yuan each .	最糟糕的是 , 他和他的妻子每月收入约600元 ; 在繁忙的时候 , 当产量跑到2点 , 他们可以每次回家2100元 。
i could throw a few words at you supporting , sharing dreams and aspirations , confiding , loving , compromising but these are just words unless you act upon them .	我可以在你支持、共享梦想和鼓励下扔几句话 , 信心 , 爱 , 爱 , 抱怨 , 除非你对他们行为 。
napolitano's comments came days after a nigerian man was arrested for igniting a small explosion on a northwest airline flight bound for detroit friday .	纳波利塔诺的评论在星期五 , 尼日利亚男子被逮捕在西北航班边的一小型爆炸 。
our production team had tried many kinds of " idol " style selection shows in the past , " said jin , who was previously bestknown for his 2007 show " my hero " .	我们的生产团队已经尝试了许多 " 偶像 " 风格选择展示 , " 金先前为自己2007年的 " 英雄 " 。
" we view them as very similar things , " says erik , a 28yearold assistant professor , referring to math and art . " they're both creative processes .	" 我们看到他们如此类似的事情 , " 28岁的助理教授埃里克说 , 一个28岁的助理教授 , 引用数学和艺术 。
mr . noda's move raised speculation that he may be trying to show opposition members he is serious about cooperating with them in shaping budget and tax policies .	诺达先生的运动提高了预算和税收政策 , 他可能试图展示反对党成员 , 他严肃地与他们合作 。
a taper company sends me the sample by there a/c . i did't like the sample then i send the sample to that company by my a/c and he made the same one . now we are doing great business .	一家塔珀公司发送了我样本 , 我不喜欢样本 , 然后我把样本送到a/c , 同时他做了同样的 , 现在我们正在做好伟大的业务 。
to study relations between rrti and blood zinc value of children , blood zinc value of 35 cases of rrti were compared with that of 40 cases of no rrti .	为了研究35例rti与血液锌价值的关系 , 对40例无rrti患者的血液锌价值进行了比较 。
however , after choosing it , the subject would find a silver lining: " with a broken leg , i will be able to lie in bed watching tv , guiltfree .	然而 , 在选择之后 , 主题会找到银色衬衫: " 用一条破碎的腿 , 我可以躺在床上看电视 , 无罪 。 "
in this paper , ningbo is used as an object , and detail investigation and re search on present situation of science and technology resources have been done on it .	本文采用宁波作为对象 , 对目前科学和技术资源的现状进行了详细调查和探索 。
where the losses in a traffic accident are caused intentionally by the driver of a nonmotor vehicle or a pedestrian , the driver of the motor vehicle shall not bear liability .	在交通事故的损失中 , 由非摩托车驾驶员或行业人员引起的车辆损失 , 车辆驱动员不承担责任 。
" cashforclunkers " programmes whereby governments subsidise the purchase of a new vehicle to replace old energyinefficient vehicles have been widely used .	" 现金包装商 " 项目 , 因此政府补贴新的车辆购买新车 , 以代替旧能源车辆已被广泛应用 。
this paper deals with the threshold condition of double resonance parametric oscillation when the absorption coefficient of the signal light is different from that of the idling light .	本文对双共振参数振荡的阈值条件进行了分析 , 在信号光的吸收系数不同于同光的同时 , 分析了双共振参数振荡的阈值条件 。
twentyfive years ago , for a chinese person to visit a foreign country or even to visit hong kong , part of our own country , it was very difficult or almost impossible .	二十五年前 , 中国人参观一个外国 , 甚至访问香港 , 我国的一部分 , 很难或几乎不可能 。
supporters prepare a huge inflatable figure of venezuela's president hugo chavez outside the national assembly building in caracas august 15 , 2007 .	支持者在2007年8月15日在卡萨斯国家组装建建筑外准备了巨大的不可缺陷的人物 。
the influence of the ratio of alg , w component and porosity upon the resistivity of ag w electro contact material were examined by the computer simulation approach .	采用计算机仿真方法对agww电接触材料的电阻率、w组分和孔度的影响进行了分析 。
it is possessed of delicate and symmetrical appearance and accords with the conventions of chinese traditional decoration and aesthetics , therefore , it is named chinese knot .	根据中国传统装饰与美学的约会 , 提出了精致的对称外观和对称的形象 , 因此它被称为 " 汉语 " 。
traffic was snarled in cities from los angeles to washington , d . c . , as antiwar protesters blocked off major intersections , some chaining themselves together .	在洛杉矶到华盛顿的城市中 , 交通是从洛杉矶到华盛顿的城市 , 正如反war抗议者阻止了主要的交通 , 一些链接在一起 。
as a communication interface of a downhole instrument composed of multicomputers , it exchanges commands and data with the data acquisition system through asynchronous serial port .	作为多计算机组成的下孔仪器的通信接口 , 它通过异步序列端口交换命令和数据与数据采集系统交换 。
on the other side , the request of microwave communicating system becomes more and more critical to the performance of microwave passive device including coupler , splitter .	另一方面 , 微波通信系统的要求越来越关键于微波通信设备的性能 , 包括coupler、分裂器 。
in xun zi's view of history , the relationship between the saint and the tao not only has logical consistency , but also has a rich and diverse relationships in different historical periods .	春子的历史观 , 圣与道之间的关系不仅具有逻辑一致性 , 而且在不同历史时期具有丰富多样的关系 。
this allows chiquita to deliver bananas with the colors requested by the customers , which falls anywhere on a ninepoint scale ranging from green to deep yellow .	这允许chiquita与顾客请求的颜色发送香蕉 , 这些颜色都会从绿色到深黄色的9点范围下降 。
here , on a site once meant for processing spent nuclear fuel rods , an unusual textiles factory is setting up shop to serve the auto body construction industry .	在这里 , 在一个网站上 , 一旦加工核燃料棒 , 建立了一个不寻常的纺织厂 , 为汽车工业服务 。
a high degree of reproducibility was also demonstrated . the tcb is a noninvasive , simple and convenient monitoring and screening device for neonatal jaundice .	同时也证明了一种高可再生性的高度 , tcb是一种非侵入性、简单、方便的监测和筛选装置 。
a thousand feet underground , the cave of crystals is just one of a series of glittering caverns beneath the chihuahuan desert's naica mountain .	一千英尺地下 , 水晶洞穴只是壳华沙漠山下面的一系列闪烁的洞穴之一 。
the kopeck weary performance mainly manifests in the hit probability , before already carried on season in the middle of match kopeck shooting average only then pitiful 36% .	kopeck疲劳性能主要表现在战斗概率上 , 在赛季中赛季已经在比赛kopeck拍摄平均的比赛之前 , 赛季的比赛平均只有36% 。
since minimal invasive surgery is still “major” surgery , all the usual complications such as heart attack , stroke and even death are rare but possible .	由于最小侵袭性手术仍然是 " 主要手术 " , 所有常见并发症如心脏病、中风甚至死亡都很少 。
jianjiang , shexian county native during the late ming and early qing dynasties , whose buddhist name is hongren , was a pioneer of xin'an art school .	建江 , 陕西县位于明初清代初期 , 其佛教名字是香港 , 是新南艺术学校的首席领 。
the intellectualized thermoregulation principle of wool fabric finished by nanomicrocapsule is analyzed . the ideal heatabsorbing model is built .	分析了南omic-capsule制备的木材料的知识化热调节原理 , 建立了理想的吸热模型 。
scientific , procedure , computery , system management , corrective as always and set up the best products for our goal . fulfil the quality procedure to satisfy customers .	科学、程序、计算机、系统管理、校正 , 始终为我们的目标建立最佳产品 , 满足客户的质量程序 。
sanshandao gold mine is the first hard rock mine carrying out undersea mining in china , which adopts the mechanical upward horizontal slice stopingfilling method with pointed pillars .	三山金矿是我国第一枚艰难的岩石矿床 , 采用机械上升水平滑施工方法 。
all values in a specific column of a database table are encrypted with the same password provided by the user , the same encryption algorithm , and the same cipher mode .	数据库表中的所有值都是通过用户提供的相同密码 , 同样加密算法 , 同样加密模式和相同的cipher模式的 。
pickled the movie , a surf flick by billabong usa featuring 8 worldclass surfers , 8 exotic countries , 1 total wannabe and a jar of pickles .	拿着电影 , 比尔伯龙美国的一次冲击 , 8个世界级的销售额 , 8个外国 , 1个万纳比和一个挑选的罐子 。
inverse archshaped bending of curved forms , ridged rear driving cabins on a slightly convex , continuous glass packaging and elegant surrounding the...	针对曲线形式的逆向弯曲弯曲 , 在稍微的传递、连续玻璃包装和高雅的周围 。
in this article , the progress of precoated steel for household appliance at baosteel is described . the quality , varieties and problems in the production are also mentioned with suggestions .	本文介绍了宝钢家用涂层钢的工艺进展 , 提出了生产质量、品种和问题的建议 。
futurism , an early twentiethcentury movement in craft , rejected entire institutions and tried to exalt contemporary life by emphasizing the machine and film .	富裕主义 , 二十世纪早期的工艺运动 , 拒绝整个机构 , 试图通过强调机器和电影来排除当代生活 。
former ministry of labor , " the labor contract system off and notice a number of issues , " the fifth requirement: " the labor contract may provide for the effective time of the contract .	前一部劳动部 " 劳动合同体系 " , 注意到许多问题 , " 第五条要求: " 劳动合同可能为合同有效时间提供有效的合同 。
mainly used in communications products , personal digital assistant , watches clocks , all kinds of instruments , office machinery , computer , car audio electric toy products .	主要用于通信产品、个人数字辅助、观看钟、各种仪器、办公机械、电脑、汽车玩具产品 。
its original meaning is that the fox borrows the tiger's ferocity to bluster other animals . its extended meaning is to bully people by virtue of somebody's influence .	它最初的意义是 , 狐狸借用虎的功能 , 将其扩展的意义是通过有人影响的美德来推动人们 。
objective to investigate the heartprotective effects of compound chinese medicine of tianma gouteng prescription on renal hypertensive rats and to explore its mechanism .	目的探讨天马高血压大鼠复方药物心脏保护作用 , 探讨其机制 。
dedicated hydroelectric projects are often built to provide the substantial amounts of electricity needed for aluminium electrolytic plants , for example .	经常建立水电工程 , 为铝电解厂需要的电力量提供了必要的实例 。
it is the type of wood used to smoke the tobacco leaves and the amount of smoke exposure that gives firecured tobacco leaves their distinctive flavours .	它是用来吸烟烟叶的木材类型 , 烟叶的烟雾暴露量和烟雾暴露给烟草留下了不同的风味 。
among all the modules , we focus on the design of indexer and searcher based on the multilevel partitioning strategy , a novel index partition strategy proposed by us .	在所有模块中 , 我们主要集中在基于多层分区策略的指标和搜索者设计的基础上 , 提出了一种新的指标分区策略 。
objective:to study the effects of masticatory movements on the functional activity of brain by comparing the blood flow change before and after rpd restoration of freeend edentia .	目的:探讨胃运动对大脑功能活动的影响 , 比较血流变化前后rpd恢复后血流变化的影响 。
the stability and global convergence properties analysis of the multivariable generalized predictive poleassignment selftuning control recursive algorithm is presented .	提出了多变化预测极分配自调控回收算法的稳定性和全局收敛性能分析 。
the invention relates to a method for manufacturing a flatplate heat tube . the method comprises the following steps: providing an upper cover plate and a lower cover plate ;	本发明涉及一种制造平板热管的方法 , 包括以下步骤:提供上覆板和下覆盖板 ;
the main buildings in that temple are then daxiong hall , the sutra hall , the clock tower , the in script ion " midnight bells " , the first floor of maple river .	这座寺里的主要建筑是大厦、超级大厅、钟塔、脚本电离 " 夜铃 " 、地图第一层 。
since asphaltic concrete materials are temperature dependent in nature , measured deflections and hence the structural capacity of pavement vary with temperature .	由于沥青混凝土材料的温度依赖于自然 , 测量的反射 , 因此路面的结构能力与温度不同 。
in 1995 wu li took the strategic goal of shanghai in terms of domestic and international status and role as the basis for devising the rational size of population .	1995年 , 吴立1995年在国内和国际地位方面取得了战略目标 , 作为制定人口合理尺寸的基础 。
the fatty secamines can be directly prepared by the catalytic hydrogenation of the fatty nitriles , using ammonia synthesis gas instead of pure hydrogen .	采用氨氮合成气代替纯氢气 , 制备了脂肪氮的催化生成 , 可直接制备脂肪芝麻素 。
also the scholar thinks: itch becoming aware basically is by cuticular derma of the boundary sensory experience with place of shallowlayer skin clump conduct .	另外 , 学者认为:itch基本意识到基本上是由浅层皮肤的边界感官经验的特殊德玛 。
eventually , the system could use software or hardware to deal with emergencies such as giving an alarm for abnormity , poweroff , stopping charging and stopping discharging and so on .	最后 , 该系统可以使用软件或硬件处理紧急情况 , 例如给出异常、电源、停止电荷和停止放电等 。
taxation is a significant means for accommodating economics , and the arrangement of the tax system and tax administration can influence the development of nonstate enterprises greatly .	税收是经济适应经济的重要手段 , 税收管理的安排可以大大地影响非稳定企业的发展 。
if the ribbon was severed , the top would burn up in the atmosphere , and the bottom would flutter to the ground " with the force of a sheet of paper , " according to liftport .	根据liftport说 , 如果ribon在大气中燃烧 , 底部将会燃烧到地面 " 地面 " 。
the demonstrations come a day before the centreright coalition of chancellor angela merkel is due to discuss the date when germany's nuclear reactors will finally be shut down .	当德国核反应堆最终关闭时 , 德国核反应堆的核反应堆的时候 , 这个展示来了一天 。
applying the theory of metaphors , familybased moral systems and contemporary american politics to the study of presidential campaign speeches entails dual meanings .	应用隐喻理论、家庭基础的道德体系和当代美国政治研究总统演讲的双重意义 。
insiders pointed out that the two companies will now be entertainment devices sold at much lower profit , expect this market share , and rely on the application of highprofit game to get the benefits .	内部人士指出 , 两家公司现在将在较低利润销售 , 期望本市场份额 , 依靠高利率游戏的应用 , 获得利益 。
dengue , for example , has notoriously emerged as one of the fastest growing disease burdens in the world ; today , cases are reported in many regions formerly free of the disease .	例如 , 邓都在世界上最快的疾病负担之一 , 今天 , 病例被报告在许多地区的疾病免费 。
less than 70% of those with concerns about their periods have ever spoken to a gp , a survey of 600 women aged 1645 for the haemophilia society says .	哈莫菲利亚社会的1645岁女性调查显示 , 关注他们的时期的70%的关注者中 , 有关于gp时期的关注 。
or , you might encounter the task of transforming xml data into xhtml to deliver an attractive , interactive , and usable interface for mobile users and various web browsers .	或者 , 您可能会遇到转换xml数据的任务 , 将xhtml转换为xhtml , 以便为移动用户和各种浏览器提供吸引性、互动性和可用接口 。
like a savvy career counselor or financial planner , the right advisor can help you build a solid foundation as well as steer you through choppy waters once you open your doors .	正确的顾问可以帮助您建立固体基金 , 同时 , 就像一个救济的职业咨询员或金融计划员一样 , 同时 , 正确的顾问可以帮助你建立一个固体的基金 , 以及在你打开你的门 。
" i'd like present you orion . " the orion , billed as the next generation of manned spacecraft , has been de scribed by some nasa engineers as " apollo on steroids " .	" 我喜欢现在的洋葱 。 " 这个洋葱 , 把它作为下一代人工太空飞船的下一代 , 被一些nasa工程师描述为 " apollo " 。
working into the wee hours totally disrupts worklife balance , causes you to miss out on time with loved ones , and more often than not , leads you to lose precious hours of sleep .	工作进入wee小时完全失败工作平衡 , 导致你错过时间和爱人一起 , 通常不要 , 导致你失去怀疑的时间 。
in kurdish legend , the holiday celebrates the deliverance of the kurds from a tyrant , and it is seen as another way of demonstrating support for the kurdish cause .	在库尔德传奇中 , 节日庆祝了库尔德的交付 , 并且它被视为库尔德原因的另一途径 。
firstclass passengers get directv for the same price as a glass of champagne — for free — and coach passengers pay $6 to go channel surfing .	第一类乘客可以直接获得同样的价格 , 作为一杯香槟的玻璃 , 为了自由 , 教练乘客支付6美元的费用 。
considering chinese labor is up to 3times more expensive now than places like vietnam , why aren't we making an effort to manufacture in those cheaper countries if we have too ?	考虑中国劳动在3倍以上 , 比如越南等地方更昂贵 , 为什么我们不能在那些廉价国家制造的努力呢 ?
on the other hand , the suitable reinforced method is selected in comparison with various reinforcement schemes such as injection root pile , nonskid pile , anchor bar and so on .	另一方面 , 选取适当的加固方法 , 比较各种加固方案 , 如注射根桩、非滑桩、锚杆等 。
“the current mood is that his resignation is likely to be accepted but no decision has been made yet , ” an official at the presidential blue house told the financial times .	" 目前的情绪是 , 他的辞职很可能接受 , 但没有决定 , " 总统蓝宫官员告诉金融时报 。
in this paper , multiscale wavelet decomposition and susan operator are synthetically used in image processing , then the locations of feature points are rapidly acquired .	本文合成了多尺寸小波分解和苏珊操作符在图像处理中应用 , 然后快速获得特征点的位置 。
one " bad apple " can spread negative behavior like a virus to bring down officemates or destroy a good team , according to a new study examining conflict in the workplace .	一份 " 坏苹果 " 可以传播负面行为 , 像病毒一样会导致办公室友或破坏良好的团队 , 根据新研究的冲突 。
" it's all about the product development capability , " yoshikazu tanaka , chief executive officer of japan's no . 3 social networking operator , gree inc (	" 这都是关于产品开发能力的 , " 日本3号社会网络运营商yoshikazutanaka , 日本首席执行官yoshizutanaka说 。
she also sent photographs of the orphanage and told me about the caregivers , or “mommas , ” as they were called—most of them youngish haitian women with families of their own .	她还发出了《孤儿》的照片 , 告诉我关于照片 , 或者 " 妈妈 " 的照片 , 大多数年轻的海地妇女都有自己的家庭 。
and here i want to warn all my relatives and people close to me that these services will use all means to trap and try to kill and liquidate me either physically , socially or professionally .	在这里 , 我想要警告所有的亲戚 , 人们接近我 , 这些服务将使用所有的手段来捕捉并试图杀死和液体 , 社交或专业 。
but attention soon shifted away from the rainforest to issues like climate change and organic agriculture , and now the amazon is disappearing at about the same rate it was in the 1980s .	然而 , 关注很快就从雨林转移到像气候变化和有机农业这样的问题 , 现在阿马逊在1980年代就消失了相同的速度 。
the company says it was able to raise such a large round because programmable logic device chips are the most profitable sector in the semiconductor market , with gross margins of 65 percent .	该公司表示 , 可以提高这种大圆 , 因为可编程逻辑芯片是半导体市场最有利的部分 , 占65% 。
article 14 the government may require a communications enterprise to take necessary emergency measures for the public interest in the event of natural disasters or emergencies .	第十四条政府可能要求通信企业采取必要的紧急措施 , 应对自然灾害事件或紧急事件的公共利益或紧急措施 。
instead , he focused on what the company already allows users to do on musician pages on the site via music player applications and the like , many of which come from thirdparty developers .	相反 , 他重点关注公司已经允许用户通过音乐播放器应用程序和类似的 , 很多来自第三方开发人员 。
mr . liu found fulltime work as a laborer ; his wife took a part time job and watched over the family’s two children , a daughter and their young son liu jingjun .	刘先生找到了一位劳动员 , 他的妻子拿了一份时间工作 , 看着家里两个孩子 , 一个女儿和他们的儿子刘晶俊 。
senior lieutenant colonel tran thanh hang , who is responsible for receiving war memorabilia donated to the museum , said as yet , no one knows who le d . tuan was .	由于受到战争纪念物馆捐赠的战争纪念碑 , 由于没有人知道李tuan是谁 。
having one global file to update means less of a headache , just remember to update it when you add or delete a user , then push it out to all boxes again via scp .	有一个全局文件更新意味着一个头痛少 , 只要记住在添加或删除用户时更新它 , 然后通过scap把它推出来 。
based on the keywords our clients suggested to us , we bought up several keywordrich urls , for anywhere from $100 to $4 , 000 per url .	根据我们的客户机建议 , 我们购买了几个关键词url , 因为任何地方从100美元到400美元的url 。
we have discussed how the custom administrative client receives information from the websphere environment , but how does it in turn push the information to the monitoring tools ?	我们讨论了如何从websphere环境中获得信息 , 但如何将信息推到监控工具 ?
emphases of the paper are on constructing a reasonable data structure and realizing the basic function of solid modeling such as rotation , zoom , pan and section view . etc .	重点介绍了一种合理的数据结构 , 实现了固体模型的基本功能 , 如旋转、zoom、pan和部分视图等 。
phyllis ring , 81 , of fort collins , colorado , watched the speech from her wheelchair in the end zone of denver's invesco football stadium .	81岁的菲利斯环 , 81岁 , 科罗拉多 , 看着丹佛投资足球场的最后一轮椅的演讲 。
one development that wolfram is especially excited about is using wolfram alpha's ability to understand and compute natural language queries in order to create mathematica programs .	伍尔夫拉姆特别兴奋的一个发展 , 尤其是使用伍尔夫拉姆alpha的能力来理解和计算自然语言查询来创建数学程序 。
elisa is a young married lady working on an isolated farm and proud of her skills in growing flowers . one day , she suddenly feels a desire to communicate with .	伊丽莎是一位年轻的婚姻女士 , 工作在一个孤立的农场和自豪的技能增长 , 一天 , 她突然感觉到自己的沟通 。
volunteer mentors are expected to spend 6090 minutes a week helping newcomers on work culture , contacts , writing applications and learning about professional associations .	志愿者指导者预计每周6090分钟在工作文化、接触、编写应用程序和学习专业协会 。
it has mobilized 11 air force planes , four navy vessels with divers and a tanker for the retrieval operation that jobim said was being carried out in a 120mile radius .	它已经移动了11架空军飞机 , 四艘海军船与多样的船舶和一个坦克 , 工作人员称正在在120英里半径运行 。
caracas , venezuela – a plane carrying 51 people crashed monday in eastern venezuela , and officials said 33 survived while at least 14 were killed .	卡卡萨斯 , 委内瑞拉 , 一架飞机在东部委内瑞拉坠毁51人 , 官员称 , 33人死亡 , 至少14人死亡 。
a breakdown of the numbers by country reveals authorities are seeking 7590 chinese , 5050 americans , 4020 malaysians and 3470 british .	全国公布的数字突破了当局正在寻求7590名美国50名 , 4020名马来西亚人和3470名英国人 。
good looks can slay a woman's chances of snaring jobs considered " manly , " along to a learn along the university of colorado denver business school .	好看起来 , 一个妇女的机会被认为是 " 男人 " , 沿着科罗拉多丹佛商学院学习的学习 。
andrea pirlo had an early freekick charged down by the defensive wall while clarence seedorf and cresp both had halfchances as sampdoria massed in defence .	安德雷拉·皮尔洛早些时候 , 被防御墙收费了一个自由的自由基础 , 而清晰的塞多利亚和克雷普两人都有一半机会 。
the human infections of diphyllobothrium latum , toxocara canis , and triodontophorus minor discovered by lin from beijing were the first records in the country .	北京辽宁发现的二磷酸盐乳胶的人类感染是第一个记录 。
britain's prince william will marry his longtime girlfriend kate middleton in 2012 , on the eve of the london olympics , the news of the world reported sunday .	据世界新闻报道 , 英国王子威廉将于2012年结婚他的长期女朋友凯特·米德尔顿 , 在伦敦奥运会上 , 英国王子威廉将于星期日报道 。
when a user's mail file is set to use the inotes6 . ntf template , it inherits all the design elements in this template and also inherits the reference to the shared forms file .	当用户的邮件设置使用inotes6.ntf模板时 , 它继承了该模板中的所有设计元素 , 并继承共享形式文件的参考 。
however , phenolic plastic prepared with twostep method is mostly cured with htma and this curing process will release ammonia from htma , which will corrode the copper or brass parts .	然而 , 用两步法制备的苯丙烯塑料主要用于htma , 这种方法将释放在htma中 , 将腐蚀铜或铜部件 。
clapper rails in particular are highly dependent on the marshes—including fiddler crabs , a dietary staple—and they'll have nowhere to go if the oil arrives .	特别是克拉普尔铁路 , 特别是依赖马什的高度依赖于菲德勒克拉伯斯 , 一个饮食阶段 , 现在他们将在石油到达的地方 。
“the government says everything is fine , ” said aleksandra volgina , 31 , the leader of candle , a russian aids organization based in st . petersburg .	圣彼得堡的俄罗斯艾滋病组织的领导人阿莱克萨拉·沃纳说: " 政府说所有的事情都是很好的 。 "
“we have discovered that no class of drugs had been spared , ” said aline plançon , the head of interpol’s counterfeit drug department . “it’s not just primary medicines .	" 我们已经发现 , 没有一类药物被撕裂了 , " alinepol的反咖啡药物部长阿尔·帕森说 , " 这不仅仅是初级药物 。 "
the mycelium biomass of trichoderma koniggi tr6 and saccharomyces cerevisiae cb2 were found to has a good linear relation with the content of ergosterine .	研究发现 , 三磷酸钾tr6和糖尿病cb2的神经细胞生物量与ergosterine含量有良好的线性关系 。
to determine the rate of cd4 testing completion , we reviewed the records of all clinic patients who tested positive for hiv between january 2008 and february 2009 .	为了确定cd4测试完成率 , 综述了2008年1月和2009年2月艾滋病艾滋病患者艾滋病的所有病人记录 。
taking an accurate census in china is a difficult task with the millions of migrant workers who've left their official addresses in the countryside for opportunities in the cities .	在中国采取准确的犯罪是一个艰难的任务 , 数百万名移民工人留在农村的官方地址 。
based on the communication control system of metro vehicles in shenzhen metro phase 1 , this paper presents the realization principle and the application method in actual operation of trb mode .	基于深圳市地铁1号车辆通信控制系统 , 提出了实现原理和实际运行的方法 。
the improved malachite green method utilizes the malachite green dye and molybdate , which forms a stable colored complex specifically with inorganic phosphate .	改进的malachite绿色法利用马来石墨绿色染料和钼酸盐 , 形成了一种具有无机磷酸盐的稳定色彩 。
the total length of 80page paper , over 120 doctorate awarded by the school committee determined to be plagiarism , twothirds did not indicate the bibliography .	80页纸的总长度 , 超过120多名学校委员会授予的120多名医生决定是平等主义 , 三分之二没有指出圣经图 。
children fathered by older men are likely to be less intelligent than the offspring of younger dads , australian and us scientists have found in a report published yesterday .	澳大利亚和美国科学家昨天在报告发布的报告中发现 , 年轻的爸爸、澳大利亚和美国的孩子们的父亲比较少 。
apply the established evaluation criteria number system to research the ride feature of wmtc test cycle and the difference with ftp , ece etc emission test cycle .	应用建立了wmtc测试周期的评价标准号系统 , 研究了wmtc测试周期的骑行特性及ftp、ece等排放测试周期的差异 。
eileen chang' s original is possessed of female narrative , it is decided by the writer' s sex and demonstrates that female deconstruct masculinist .	艾伦长的原创是女性叙事的 , 由作家的性爱决定 , 展示了女性解剖学家的女性 。
the mechanism , parameter design and application of a new type of high frequency electromagnetic antiscaling equipment based on frequency scanning technique are discussed .	讨论了一种基于频率扫描技术的高频电磁反标设备的新型参数设计和应用 。
as a source , we can find the clear humanism moulage from baixianyong's personal life experience , religious emotion and the influence over chinese and foreign literature legacy .	作为一个来源 , 我们可以找到来自白贤永个人生活经验、宗教情感和对外文学遗产影响的清晰人文主义模块 。
radiographic examination in experimental group showed much callus than that in control group . after 4 weeks , gross observation showed large amount of new bone trabeculae in two groups .	实验组的放射图学检查显示在对照组4周后 , 两组新骨痕迹显示大量 。
" all the foul stuff from the latrines and all the rubbish thrown down the chute accumulate and compost , as in a septic tank , " wallacehadrill said .	沃拉斯哈德里尔说: " 所有的毛毛都从拉里斯和所有的橡胶扔下了切片积累和复合物 , 就像在一个封锁坦克中一样 。 "
the 50 l novel bioreactor named as fus 50l was designed and the data acquisition system for both pilot and production scales was developed according to the proposed principle .	设计了50个名为fus50l的l小说生物反应器 , 根据该原理开发了数据采集系统和生产规模 。
intake was calculated using the nutrition data system for research version 2007 , and consumption was monitored using diet diaries and by measuring the weights of the returned pistachios .	利用2007年的研究版本的营养数据系统 , 利用饮食糖尿病进行检测 , 测量回收猪肉的重量 。
other universal banks have much lower shares , according to data from scorpio partnership , a consultancy , with private banking at hsbc making up only 6 percent of profit .	根据scorpio伙伴关系的数据 , 其他通用银行的股票收益率只有6%的利润 。
according to popsugar , we will get to see john mayer and jennifer aniston walk the red carpet together at the oscars this sunday , february 22nd .	据波普斯加报道 , 我们将于今天2月222日在奥斯卡尔举行红地毯 , 看到约翰梅尔和珍妮弗·安妮弗·安妮弗 。
then the two corresponding communicational tendencies , highcontext and lowcontext communications , are put forward , which exert great influence on interpreting activity .	然后提出了两种相应的通信趋势 , 高上下文通信和低下文通信 , 对解释活动的影响 。
piano and cello are given equal roles in the sonata in a , a break with the 18thcentury format of a piano sonata accompanied by an instrumental obbligato .	钢琴和凯罗在索纳塔的角色相同 , 18世纪的钢琴索纳塔格式与仪器义务合作的钢琴索纳塔 。
brilliant , iconoclastic , and witty , he had won election in traditionally republican arizona and had succeeded as an activist , progressive governor .	他在传统共和党亚利桑那赢得了选举 , 成功成为活动主义者、进步执行官 。
koller was impressed , thought it likely to be useful in eye operations and two months later tried it out , first on animals and then on his own eyes with complete success .	koller感到印象深刻 , 尽管在眼睛操作中有可能有用 , 两个月后 , 首先在动物上 , 然后他自己的眼睛完全成功 。
the diagnostic value of p300 in diabetic encephalopathy was evaluated . methods erp were tested in 50 type 2 diabetic patients and 30 healthy control group .	评价2型糖尿病患者p300患者的诊断价值 , 方法对50型糖尿病患者及30例健康对照组进行测试 。
thus it threw shadows of these obscure and homely figures every evening with as much care over each contour as if it had been the profile of a court beauty on a palace wall ;	因此 , 每天晚上 , 每天晚上都要关心这些障碍和家庭图像 , 就像在宫殿墙上一样 , 法院的美貌一样 ;
by analyzing the basic characteristics of nonvesseloperating carrier , the paper confers its identification and its limitation of liability for maritime claims and its lien on cargo and so on .	通过对非开发载体的基本特点分析 , 讨论了其对海事责任的鉴别和限制 , 以及其在货物等方面的限制 。
when i went with my second brother to ahmedabad , some enthusiastic friend of mine took me by surprise by printing and publishing it and sending me a copy .	当我和第二个兄弟去阿哈姆·贝达 , 有些热情的朋友通过印刷和发布它 , 让我发出一份副本 , 感到惊讶 。
when an enterprise submits an enterprise income tax return , the financial statements and other related materials shall be attached in accordance with the related provisions .	当企业提交企业收入税回报时 , 金融声明和其他相关资料应依照相关规定附加 。
these indicate that hd is closely related to cmv infection . cmv infection may be an important teratological factor of some congenital malformations including hd .	这些表明 , hd与cmv感染密切相关 , cmv感染可能是hd的一些先天性畸形的重要地位因素 。
several studies have shown that low and middle level executives show many stress symptoms , like ulcers , high blood pressure , tension , burnout and so on .	几项研究表明 , 低和中层执行官显示许多应激症状 , 如溃疡、高血压、紧张、呼吸等 。
california natural chicken & brown rice dry cat and kitten food is made with only five pure & simple ingredients to meet the needs of your special cat .	加利福尼亚自然鸡和布朗米干猫和厨房食品仅有五个纯洁的成分 , 满足特殊猫的需求 。
this piece nominated the award of berlin jin xiong 1999 , but defeated the red of " of american excellent movie with powerful actual strength finally cautionary " .	这幅作品提名了柏林金正19999年的奖项 , 但打败了 " 美国优秀电影 " 的红色 。
preliminary computations indicate that the model demonstrate rather higher skill of predictions , it shows perspective of realizable approach to forecast shortterm regional climate .	初步计算表明 , 该模型具有较高的预测能力 , 显示了可实现的方法预测短期区域气候 。
the antiwar groundswell brought out thousands of counter demonstrators , including 2 , 000 who gathered outside the state capitol in mississippi .	抗war地壳带来了数以万计的反击示威器 , 其中包括2 , 000人聚集在密西西比州的卡普罗 。
the shandong provincial quality control and inspecting center for bearings is located in the factory taking up the task of quality inspecting and arbitrament of the province's bearing products .	山东省质量控制和检测中心坐落在厂内 , 以质量检测省轴承产品质量和仲裁任务 。
the full text of the treaty to be enshrined in the egyptian hieroglyphs temple of karnak at thebes and the temple of ramses the wall .	在埃及的hieroglyphs寺庙中 , 全文的条约将被加入到埃及的hieroglyphs寺和rams的寺庙里 。
according to the design of spillway dam on arch dam in wanjiagou reservoir , this paper elaborates special problems and solving method of spillway dam in design and construction .	根据wanjiagou水库中拱坝的设计 , 阐述了一种特殊的问题和解决方法在设计和施工中的解决方法 。
credible dynamic parameters of dam materials obtained from indoor tests are the key to the accuracy of dynamical analysis for earthrock dam .	室内试验得到的大坝材料的可信动态参数是地震岩坝动力学分析精度的关键 。
still , i haven't yet had enough experience to determine if the android market is an adequate substitute for the apple app store , or to explore many of the features and apps .	然而 , 我还没有足够的经验来确定安德罗id市场是苹果商店 , 或者探索许多特点和应用程序 。
the paper has studied into the hydraulic system of two cylinders synchronization and accurate orientation , then designed the synchronized system that could meet the requirement .	本文研究了两缸同步和准确定位的液压系统 , 然后设计了可满足要求的同步系统 。
the index's annualized growth rate remained unchanged at negative 23 . 9 percent , with the previous week's figure revised higher from negative 24 . 1 percent .	指数年度增长率仍在负面23.9%左右 , 上周的数字从负面24.1%升高 。
applied to cotton , linen , silk , wool , cashmere , synthetic fiber , blended , underwear and infants , and other types of clothing and cleaning .	适用于棉、线、丝、毛、毛、合成纤维、混合、服装、婴儿等类型服装和清洁 。
finally , an organization framework of multiscale spatiotemporal data is proposed to facilitate the data access based on the characteristic of multispatialscale data .	最后 , 提出了基于多空间尺寸数据的数据访问数据的组织框架 。
in order to search and solve the adsl line fault when the user accesses the net , we introduce one kind adsl fault detect i ng instrument in this thesis .	为了搜索并解决adsl线故障时 , 用户访问网络时 , 我们介绍了一种adsl故障检测ing仪器 。
after the equilibrium of fast exchange process is reached , the slow exchange process can be treated as pseudosingle exchange center system by means of the differential kinetic equation .	在快速交换过程平衡的基础上 , 通过微分动力学方程的方法 , 可以将缓慢交换过程作为伪交换中心系统 。
the topography is from digital elevation data collected by the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite .	地形图是来自美国航天局卫星上采集的数字高级数据 , 是由美国航天局的地震辐射器和反射辐射器收集的 。
the invention discloses a shutter type environmental wind guiding device of an air cooling island of a power plant , belonging to the technical field of energy power .	本发明公开了一种关闭式环境风引导装置 , 属于能源电厂技术领域 。
hehui is a kind of temporary mutual aid of old times to circulate necessary funds . it was always organized among the kin's and neighborhood .	海徽是一种暂时互助的老时间来循环必要的基金 , 它总是组织在金属和邻居之间 。
objective:to investigate the surgical indications , operational methods and clinical applications of modified hysterectomy within the tunica vaginalis by using celioscope .	目的:探讨应用脑镜改良术后的手术指标、手术方法及临床应用 。
under root's guidance , the renamed colt patent firearms manufacturing company hired talented mechanics and engineers who continued the innovations colt had begun .	在根本指导下 , 著名的棉花专利火焰制造公司雇用了人才的机械和工程师 , 继续创新的棉花已经开始了 。
the 19ye arold is a regular for his country's under20 te am and was a key performer in liverpool's second string landing the le ague title last season .	19岁的阿罗德是他的国家在20支球队下的一个规则 , 是利物浦第二支球队的关键表演员 。
the tundra extends endlessly , all leached out colours , smudgy greens and browns , merging with the sky into a distant greyblue nothingness .	丹拉无尽地延伸 , 所有的叶子都浸出了颜色 , 灰色的绿色和棕色 , 与天空一起融合 , 没有什么意义 。
the gymnasium complex is part of the massive sports facilities that were built by the chinese for the 2008 summer olympic games in beijing and surrounding areas .	体育馆复杂是2008年夏季奥运会在北京和周围地区建造的大型体育设施的一部分 。
but mr . khan was vexed by the striking inequalities — the new hummers cruising by endless shantytowns — and the growing rumblings of tribal politics .	但是khan先生被打击不平等性引起的 , 新罕默斯被无尽的山东镇推翻 , 而且越来越多的部落政治 。
the u . n . 's food security analysis unit and a famine warning project known as fewsnet say the famine in southern somalia is growing worse .	美国食品安全分析单位和名为 " 索马里南部 " 的小型警告项目说 , 南部索马里亚的饥荒正在增长 。
the focus on a reduced footprint implementation of eobject is also noteworthy , with some clients using it to achieve more than 60percent reduction in footprint .	在减少object的脚印实现的焦点上 , 同时还注意到 , 有些客户使用它来实现超过60%的减少 。
glaciers in the french alps have lost a quarter of their area in the past four decades , according to research by scientists at the university of savoie , the bbc said .	bbc说 , 在过去四十年里 , 法国阿尔卑斯的冰川已经失去了四分之一的地区 。
knowing the basics of populations , sampling , and statistical significance will help you to understand what's possible , and to better understand and interpret what the results mean .	了解人口、样本和统计意义的基本意义将帮助您理解什么可能性 , 更好地理解和解释结果的意义 。
german crown prince . the son of emperor william ii , he commanded troops in the battle of verdun and renounced the crown at the close of world war i .	德国冠王子 。 威廉二世的儿子 , 他命令部队在维登的战斗中 , 重新宣布了世界大战的冠军 。
web page has to show a large number of realtime data in computeruser interface of a bridge health monitoring system based on b/s model , result in frequently updating pages .	web页面必须在基于b/s模型的基础上展示大量实时数据 , 通常更新页面的桥梁卫生监控系统的实时数据 。
the new site concrete exposed surfaces , timely with plastic and heat preservation material covered in ( hscmt condition maintenance , concrete shall not watering .	新网站混凝土曝光表面 , 随着塑料保温材料覆盖的塑料和保温材料 。
on 9/2/02 in our local paper , there was an article by tony pugh of the knightridder newspapers entitled " doctors closing the door to drug salespeople . "	在本地报纸中9/2/02/02的本地报纸中 , 有一篇文章 , 由骑士报纸所引用的 " 医生关闭药品销售者 " 的文章 。
our former striker mikael forssell reminded us what he can do inside the opening quarter of an hour , and bruce was delighted to have him back leading the birmingham line .	我们前的前锋米卡尔·福塞尔提醒我们可以在开放季度做什么事情 , 布鲁斯很高兴把他带回双明翰线 。
the press takes use of advanced twoway cartridge valve system and imported electric pump technology which can realize double closed loop control of pressure and flow rate .	新闻采用先进的二路卡车阀系统和进口电泵技术 , 可实现双闭环控制压力和流速 。
design and configuration process about the control system of a mechanical arm are introduced based on mcgs configuration software and siemens s7 200 series programmable logic controller ;	介绍了基于mcgs配置软件和siemenss7200系列可编程逻辑控制器的控制系统设计和配置过程 ;
insulin secretion from the beta cells in the part of the pancreas called the islets of langerhan is a complicated process , which if it fails to work properly induces diabetes .	胰岛素分泌的胰岛素分泌是一种复杂的过程 , 如果它不能正确地诱导糖尿病 。
grand buddha at ling shan the grand buddha at ling shan situated in the small ling shan area in the south of the maji mountain , wuxi , jiangsu province .	灵山大佛在灵山的孙子山上 , 位于灵山南部的小岭山区 , 武西 , 江苏省 。
that is why i select " citizenship education in american schools " as my research field . both the research methods of literature gathering and comparing have been adopted in the thesis .	这就是为什么我选择 " 美国公民教育 " 作为我研究领域的原因 , 文献聚集和比较的研究方法 。
on christmas day , the miami heat and dwyane wade will take on the cleveland cavaliers and lebron james in a matchup of two of the best young players in the league .	在圣诞节上 , 迈阿密热和达瓦德将采取克利夫兰骑兵和莱布伦詹姆斯在联赛两名年轻球员的比赛 。
this is why web designers , and their close cousins , banner , header and footer designers , can charge up to $50 for one good web page header , and more for a complete set .	这是为什么web设计师和他们的密切的coins、banner、头脑和狐狸设计师 , 可以收费50美元的好网页头 , 并且更多为完整的集 。
the paper got across the study about isokinetic technique applying conditions and resolving problem , and provided reference which can made isokinetic technique apply in martial art .	文章通过对运用条件及解决问题的研究 , 提出了一种可用于武术应用的动力学技术的参考 。
currently , the value of human capital in enterprises is mostly measured from accounting perspective , and the specialized in assessment of management humancapital is rare .	目前 , 企业人力资本的价值主要是从会计角度来测量 , 专业评估人力资本是罕见的 。
the algorithm presented in this paper incorporates the trust region method into the restricted simplicial decomposition algorithm to solve the master problem of rsd .	本文介绍了将信任区域法与限制简单的分解算法结合起来解决rsd的主题问题 。
portsmouth are the cook islands , or whatever pacific islands are most threatened by global warming . they are sinking fast , soon to disappear without trace .	波斯茅斯是厨房岛 , 或者太平洋岛最受全球变暖威胁的 , 它们正在快速 , 很快就消失了 。
shenzhen yirui electronic technology co . , ltd . is a professional led manufacturer in r&d , production , sales and services which founded in 2006 .	深圳irui电子技术有限公司是一家专业led制造商 , 是2006年成立的研发、生产、销售和服务 。
rio ferdinand will miss middlesbrough's visit to old trafford on monday after suffering a back spasm in the warmup at the britannia stadium .	里奥·费德南德将在周一在英国体育场遭受一个回空间的时候 , 米德勒斯将错过周一的访问老特福德 。
van gogh painted 'patch of grass' in 1887 in paris and it hangs in the krollermuller museum in the dutch eastern city of otterlo .	范戈赫在18887年在巴黎绘画了 " 草地 " , 它在荷兰东部城市的克鲁尔默尔博物馆上挂着它 。
the goal of this study was to determine the acute effects of decaffeinated coffee , chlorogenic acid , and trigonelline on glucose tolerance in 15 overweight men .	本研究的目标是确定15个超重男性葡萄糖耐受性的急性效应 , 氯酸和三角素对葡萄糖耐受性的影响 。
from a practical viewpoint , consumers value poultry welfare , so better market access may be obtained by producers who ensure good welfare in their flocks .	从实际角度来看 , 消费者价值的福利 , 因此更好的市场访问可能由生产者保证他们的福利 。
mr . greenspan maintains that the development of china and other factors fostered low rates around the globe and not just in the u . s . contributing to a housing boom that was worldwide .	格林斯潘先生保持着中国和其他因素在全球各地的发展 , 不仅仅在美国的贡献给全世界范围内的房地产 。
based on an analysis of industrial cluster this paper defines the industrial cluster a new kind of organization mode of spatial economy that is different from market and hierarchy system .	基于工业集群的分析 , 定义了工业集群的新型空间经济体系 , 不同于市场和层次体系的空间经济体系 。
now folds the lily all her sweetness up , and slips into the bosom of the lake: so fold thyself , my dearest , thou , and slip into my bosom and be lost in me .	现在 , 把她所有的甜蜜都折叠起来 , 滑到湖边的底部:那么折叠自己 , 最亲爱的 , 你和我的胸部 , 放进我的胸部 , 丢失在我身上 。
thus mr specter’s move will both increase mr obama’s chances of getting his domestic agenda through congress and boost his ability to put liberals in the courts .	因此 , 格雷尔先生的移动将会增加奥巴马先生通过国会获得他的国内代理机会 , 提高他的能力 。
this year xinran arranged for me to meet a maker of paper lanterns who had the same thing happen to him during a more recent clearance round nanjing’s confucius temple .	今年新兰安排了我来见面一位纸灯制造商 , 他们在最近一轮南京的孔子庙里发生了同样的事情 。
those beautiful promises , those sweet smiles on the photos , which are as warm as the sunshine , in turn slowly freeze the curve in the middle of my right hand .	那些美丽的承诺 , 那些在照片上的甜美的笑容 , 像阳光一样温暖 , 慢慢慢地冻结了我的右手中间的曲线 。
priority reverse is a kind of phenomenon that the higher priority task is blocked by the lower priority task since they are using the same share sources in real time system .	优先的反向是一种现象 , 因为它们在实时系统中使用同样的共享源 , 更高的优先任务被低优先级任务阻塞 。
by the model , the contour error vectors were computed with tool position points from the interpolator of computer numerical control and position tracking errors of servo systems .	通过模型 , 利用计算机数值控制和位置跟踪误差计算机的工具位置点计算机数值控制和位置跟踪误差 。
it realized rational general layout in narrow area by making use of abandoned excavated materials and overall construction site allocation in longtan hydropower station .	利用废弃挖掘材料和整体施工网站分配 , 实现了窄区域的合理布局 。
strengthen the practice teaching , pay attention to the thought and the capacity of innovation of the students culturing , and it gets manifest achievement .	加强实践教学 , 注重学生培养的思想和创新能力 , 使学生培养得到了显著的成就 。
these temperature shifts are heavily influenced by entirely natural ocean cycle fluctuations that affect heat transfer patterns from the tropics .	这些温度转变对热带传热模式的影响较大 , 全自然海洋周期波动影响着热带传热模式的影响 。
wang fuzhi's interpretation undoubtedly degraded zhuang zi's xiaoyao from the realm of heaven and earth to confucian humanity concernment .	王福志的解释毫无疑问 , 张子的小雅从天空和地球到儒家人类关注的领域 , 从而降低了庄子的小雅 。
these greater concentrations have the unfortunate side effect of making blue tiberium highly volatile and explosive , making harvesting the crystals extremely dangerous .	这些更大的浓度具有制造蓝钛高挥发性和爆炸性的不幸副作用 , 使得水晶极为危险 。
the company handles image processing for other wedding photographers and also teaches them to use lightroom 2 efficiently so they can save time and money processing smaller jobs themselves .	公司为其他婚礼摄影师处理图像处理 , 同时也教他们有效地使用光室2 , 这样他们可以节省时间和钱处理更小的工作 。
the prescription of the tissue culture of petunie hybrida and the dna level of phenotypic variation seed lings produced by tissue were discussed .	讨论了punie杂交症组织培养的形成及组织产生的dna水平 。
its university , founded in 575 , was a noted center for the study of theology , science , and medicine in the 7th and 8th centuries . population , 04 , 2' .	它的大学成立于575年 , 是研究理论、科学和医学的研究中心 。 人口04 , 2' 。
a phase i clinical trial has shown that miv210 administered to healthy volunteers has a very good oral bioavailability and achieves high blood plasma levels .	我的临床试验表明 , miv210在卫生志愿者身上有很好的口服生物可用性 , 实现高血浆水平 。
the correlation of ratooning rate to the yield relating characters of main crop and ratoon crop in rice was studied with 30 different types of rice varieties and hybrids .	研究了30种不同类型的稻品种和混合物种的种类及不同种类型的种类和混合物产量的相关特性 。
local codimension two bifurcation of maps , associated with hopfpitchfork case , is analyzed using the center manifold theorem and normal form method of maps .	利用中心表示定理和正常形式分析了地图的局部编码两个分布 , 与hopfitfork案例相关 。
bank staff involved in indonesia’s tsunami recovery say governmentled plan , communitybased reconstruction are critical in natural disaster response .	印尼西亚海啸恢复的银行员工表示 , 政府计划、社区重建是自然灾害反应的关键 。
“he was my only son , ” said ma xiangqian’s father , ma zishan , a struggling farmer of landscape plants and trees grown for use in the bustling cities .	" 他是我唯一的儿子 , " 马祥乾的父亲马志山说 , 是一个挣扎的农民 , 还有树生长在繁忙的城市里 。
use the index or primary key field to select the key columns that the q apply program uses to identify replicated rows and correctly order transactions .	使用指标或主要键字段来选择q应用程序的关键列 , 以确定复制行和正确的顺序交易 。
but the great souls having taken refuge of the divine nature , o arjuna , render devotional service unto me with undeviated mind knowing me as the imperishable origin of all creation .	然而 , 神圣自然的伟大灵魂 , 奥雅加 , 向我发誓的服务 , 让我知道我作为所有创造的不可避免的原因 。
late at night , the international atomic energy agency announced that japan had added a third plant to the list because radiation had been detected outside its walls .	晚些时候 , 国际原子能源机构宣布日本已经增加了第三个植物 , 因为辐射在其墙外被检测 。
he proposed " the situation " is not only thinking of the late ming zun situation of an important stage in development , but also of his literary activities of the theoretical basis .	他提出了 " 现状 " 的思想不仅思考了明元初期发展的重要阶段 , 也是其理论基础的文学活动 。
yanov chomsky pointed out that the diversification of gas supply also increased , which will enable the implementation of natural gas exports have become more flexible .	雅诺夫chomsky指出 , 天然气出口的多样化也会增加 , 使天然气出口的实现变得更灵活 。
although the traditional is easy for installation and operation , but because of the limited capacity , it can not satisfy the requirement of large scale foam project .	虽然传统的安装方便 , 但由于有限的能力 , 但不能满足大规模泡沫项目的要求 。
instead of letting his star player force a move , ferguson reminded rooney who was boss a lesson learned long ago by cantona , roy keane and david beckham .	费格森提醒罗尼老板在加拿大、罗伊·凯恩和大卫贝克汉姆教授的教训 , 而非让他的明星球员力量移动 。
as for john f . and robert f . kennedy — the story ends in 1969 , and teddy is nowhere to be seen — the kennedys presents them as men of deep integrity .	对于约翰f和罗伯特f.肯尼迪 , 1969年结束了故事 , 爱德迪现在看到的地方 , 肯尼迪把他们当作深刻的完整性 。
jesus offered himself as a sacrificial being before heaven for the sake of the one will , without pursuing his own happiness but for the benefit of humankind on the earth .	耶稣在天堂之前 , 作为牺牲的祭祀 , 没有追求自己的幸福 , 却为人类的益处 。
then , can social responsibility help increase customers'satisfaction ? if so , what is the mechanism and how important is it ? this research is to answer these questions .	然后 , 社会责任可以帮助增加客户的满意度 ? 如果这样 , 哪些机制是什么 ? 这个研究是如何回答这些问题 。
litchfield said that he warned oracle of the problem in november , hoping that the company would fix the flaw when it issued a group of quarterly security patches in january .	利特菲尔德说 , 今年111月 , 他警告了这个问题的oracle , 希望公司在1月发布了一组四分之一的安全页面时 , 将定义平行 。
a bit . instead of a few hundred thousand , as he initially suggested , the gateses are going with 10% of their wealth . so . . . more like hundreds of millions .	几百万 , 因为他最初建议的时候 , 门户将有10%的财富 。 所以 , 越来越像数百万 。
hugh hefner , the 84yearold " playboy " magazine founder , said he is considering marrying girlfriend crystal harris , aged 24 , the us media reported .	美国媒体报道 , 84岁的 " 游戏男孩 " 杂志创始人hghhefner表示 , 他正在考虑结婚女朋友hristalhariis , 年龄24岁 。
after constructing the model of motion of the target and the kinetic kill vehicle , constraints of interception were analyzed and the computing method of orbit transfer was also derived .	分析了目标运动的模型及动力杀死车辆的动力学模型 , 提出了拦截约束 , 并给出了轨道转移的计算方法 。
jinan is also famous for the spring city . the abundant groundwater of mount tai flows down the north , spews in the urban areas and forms numerous springs .	金南也是春城的著名 , 山水的地下水流下北 , 城市地区的西班牙 , 形成了许多春天 。
twoeyes , however , made them welcome , and was kind to them , and took care of them , so that they both with all their hearts repented the evil that they had done their sister in their youth .	然而 , 两眼 , 让他们欢迎他们 , 很喜欢他们 , 照顾他们 , 所以他们的心都表示他们在青春中做了他们的妹妹的邪恶 。
people believe that the number is useful when they are in danger,such as in the valley or in the mountain area . even through the signal is very bad , the police could know where you are .	人们相信 , 当他们在危险的时候 , 就像山谷或山区一样有用 , 甚至通过信号很糟糕 , 警察可以知道你在哪里 。
in day after day to repeat life , we use own small head fit many concept , significance , formula... but that is filled with pain and tears behind too much fun and laughter .	每天重复生活 , 我们用自己的小头适合许多概念 , 意义 , 公式...但这是充满痛苦和泪水的背后 。
the point , buffett repeats in all his appearances in china , is that by quitting stanford and trying to make a go of it in music , he was doing the same thing his father did .	巴菲特在中国所有外表都重复出现 , 是通过辞职斯坦福德 , 试图在音乐上做同样的事情 , 他正在做同样的事 。
the values may be different depending on the manufacturer of the wire and the ambient temperature , so we recommend you recalculate the values based on your particular requirements .	因此 , 价值可能是不同的依赖于电线的制造商和室内温度 , 因此我们建议基于您的特殊要求计算值 。
the smoke screen that may absorb and scatter infrared , heavily attenuates energy of guidance head , and then will reduce the probability of missile shooting .	可能吸收和散射红外的烟幕 , 重量引导头的能量 , 然后降低导弹拍摄的可能性 。
this paper is focus on small set character recognition . based on skeleton graphics , handwriting chinese character is defined as a set of isolated branch , isolated loop and component . relation...	本文主要集中在小集合字符识别中 , 基于骨骼图形的基础上 , 定义了一组孤立的分支、孤立循环和组件 。
he is seen as an important figure who made great contribution to modern art , a pioneer on the path of painting practice , and a pilot due to his intelligent painting theory .	他作为现代艺术贡献的重要人物 , 是当代画实践的先锋 , 由于他的智能绘画理论而引起的飞行员 。
wang yuquan , a chief consultant at frost and sullivan in beijing , told ap that the announcement is a subtle warning to skype not to grow too large .	北京佛罗斯特和苏利凡首席顾问王元泉告诉ap宣布不会太大的空间 , 空中不会太大 。
instead , while hong kong is feeling the heat of competition from china , its economy is thriving having just experienced its fastest three years of growth since the late 1980s .	相反 , 香港感觉到中国的竞争热情 , 其经济正在迅速经历了自1980年代末以来最快的三年生长 。
this paper discusses causation and preventing measure of settlement difference in high and low stride building , and points out characteristic and feasibility to use cincture constructing later .	本文讨论了高层建筑中沉降差异的原因及预防措施 , 指出了利用cinc结构的特点和可行性 。
'i don't see anything changing in the next two or three years , ' said john deal , a 50yearold individual investor who works in walnut creek , calif .	" 我未来两三年不会看到任何变化 , " 卡尔if工作的50岁的个人投资者约翰·交易说 。
he is the greatest teacher i have ever seen . he is able , without visible effort , to make a lecture to students seem like an intimate , socratic dialogue .	他是我曾经见过的最伟大的老师 , 他无法见解的努力 , 让学生们讲座似乎像一个模拟的、社会对话 。
scream 4 offers little more than a group of familiar characters wandering around a horror movie setting and uttering selfreferential oneliners as the body count mounts .	scream4提供了一组熟悉的字符 , 围绕着恐怖电影设置和选择自主参考的单线程作为身体数量的角色 。
another problem with the statement that the more televised governmental proceedings , the better , is that it assumes that people actually watch the proceedings when they are broadcast .	另一个有关声明的问题是 , 越来越多的电视政府程序 , 更好的是 , 它假设人们在广播时看到的程序 。
until 24 february , when the us air force awarded the kcx contest to boeing , eads appeared to have a strong chance of parking its tanker on boeing's lawn .	直到2月24日 , 当美国空军向波音奖励kcx竞赛时 , 埃德斯似乎有强大的机会在波音的法律上停车 。
some are masters of new or traditional media ; some are religious leaders , and a few are top officials of those governments that do have the ability to project their influence globally .	有些是新传统媒体的大师 ; 有些是宗教领导人 , 几个是政府的高级官员 , 有能力对全球影响 。
the architects recommend careful use of express bus rapid transit—the cheapest public transportation option—and increased capacity for bicyclists and pedestrians .	建筑师建议仔细使用表达总线快速交通 , 最便宜的公共交通选项 , 增加了自行车列表和行业人员的能力 。
for example , an older system might store the term " dog " with a broader term of " mammal " and narrower terms of " dachshund " or " bulldog . "	例如 , 一个旧的系统可能会存储术语 " 狗 " 的术语 , 更广泛的 " 哺乳 " 和狭窄的术语 。
in ding zhuren eyes , wuxi ming is tall , handsome youth , talk funny , work carefully , to accept strong , quick thinking , practical work hard .	在丁谦眼中 , 吴明高高 , 青少年 , 小心工作 , 接受强壮、快速思维、实践努力 。
in addition , connection strings constructed at run time from unvalidated user input can lead to string injection attacks , jeopardizing security at the data source .	此外 , 从未确认的用户输入中构建的连接字符串可以导致字符串注射攻击、jeopard化安全 。
as the debate continues , mr donkin needs to grapple with the fact that , particularly in america , ordinary people have seen their incomes stagnate since the 1970s .	随着争论的继续 , 唐金先生需要把握事实 , 特别是在美国 , 普通人民看到了自1970年代以来的收入稳定 。
i felt extremely welcomed into your friendly school community and am amazed by the dedication of all the studentsit is obviously a very successful school .	我感到非常欢迎您的朋友学校团体 , 感受到所有学生的尊敬 , 显然是一个非常成功的学校 。
always , always pay yourself first from your wage , then pay your creditors . in that single act , you are telling the universe that you are worthy and deserving f more .	总是 , 总是从你的工资上付出自己 , 然后支付你的债权人 。 在那个单一行动中 , 你正告诉宇宙 , 你值得更多的价值和价值 。
currently under construction , the mine is estimated to contain a staggering 40 million tons of copper and 46 million ounces of gold and should start operating in 2012 .	目前在建筑下 , 矿井预计含有4000万吨铜和4600万盎司铜 , 应该在2012年开始运营 。
as a result , de rothschild originally set his launch date for 28 april exactly 62 years to the day when heyerdahl set out on his epic journey across the pacific .	结果 , 罗瑟斯小孩最初在4月28日在太平洋上设立了他发射日期 。
experiment proved that phagocytic percentage and phagocytic index of celiac macrophage could be increased , transformation of lymphocyte could be increased by xin an grain .	实验证明 , 细胞宏观的平均百分比和平均指标可提高 , 淋巴细胞的转化 , 可提高新一粒细胞的变化 。
he also noted that when looking for solutions to the problems , equal consideration should be given to denuclearizing the korean peninsula and addressing the security concerns of the dprk .	他还注意到 , 当寻找解决问题时 , 应该给予核化韩国半岛并解决dprk的安全关注 。
methods:221 patients with depression and 178 normal controls were measured with the family dynamics questionnaire and family environment scalechinese version . results: 1 .	方法:采用家庭动态问卷调查和家庭环境规模化版本测定221例患者和178例正常对照 。
the main business profit is an important index that department in charge , stockholder and user of the statements pay great attention to , its truthfulness is the main task of the auditing work .	主要的业务利润是负责、股东和用户的一项重要指标 , 是审计工作的主要任务 , 是审计工作的主要任务 。
analysis and explorations are made to the rupture phenomena of te first cross member in sh6700 light bus floor . 3structure improvement plans are put forward on the basis .	针对ssh6700光总线地板的第一交叉成员的破坏现象进行了分析和探索 , 提出了三个结构改进方案 。
the second part analyses the concept , background and current situation of watersaving green space , and makes sure the need and feasibility of watersaving green space development ;	第二部分分析了节水绿空间的概念、背景和现状 , 确保节水绿空间的需求和可行性 ;
by pursuing graduate studies , they can get the chance to be a member of civil servants or political department and get high salary as well as get a higher social status .	通过追求毕业生的研究 , 他们可以获得公务员或政治部门的机会 , 获得高薪 , 获得更高的社会地位 。
an old well , abandoned wilderness , in the writer's eyes are beautiful , it nourished a few generations of the world lives and depleted the number of trickling effort ?	在作家的眼睛美丽的时候 , 一个古老的荒野 , 它保持了几代世界生活 , 消失了数量的努力呢 ?
for example , a number of research studies found that social science majors had achieved greater managerial success than those who had technical training or preprofessional courses .	例如 , 许多研究发现 , 社会科学主要成功比有技术培训或专业课程的人更大 。
in 2004 , sh company is facing duple restrictions from the market and bank , which result in the problem of repayment of bank loan , difficulty in raising money and shortage of working capital .	2004年 , sh公司面临着来自市场和银行的双重限制 , 导致银行贷款的问题 , 难以提高工作资本的缺陷 。
this paper introduces the solution of incomplete separation of waste alkali liquor in the cyclohexane oxidation unit applying coalescence separation through experiment and innovation .	通过实验和创新 , 介绍了环己烷氧化单元在循环氧化单元中不完全分离的解决方案 。
the recreational corner of the bedroom , black cloth art ground lamp is tiein and coriaceous single person sofa and footrest , arranged the good place of individual have a rest .	卧室的娱乐角落 , 黑色的布艺术地灯是蒂宁和珊瑚的单人沙发和脚趾 , 安排了个体的良好地方 。
marion lynette snowden:hope you can build an international jci standard hospital with us , let all mothers and babies in china can get best medical care and on the same steps with the world .	玛丽丝·莱特·雪登:尽管你可以建立一个国际jci标准医院 , 让所有母亲和婴儿在中国都能获得最好的医疗保健和同样的步骤 。
liverpool are expected to overcome psv eindhoven after chalking up a 30 quarterfinal firstleg lead and that will provide chelsea with the opportunity to finally get even with the merseysiders .	利物浦预计将会克服psveinhoven在第一季度领先后的30个季度领先 , 这将为切尔西提供机会 , 甚至最终与默塞德的合作伙伴提供切尔西 。
the ship auction committee shall be composed of three or five persons , that is , execution officers appointed , as well as auctioneers and surveyors engaged by the maritime court .	船舶拍卖委员会应由三或五人组成 , 这是 , 执行官任命 , 以及海事法院拍卖人和调查人员 。
yago loaned to bari after sergio bernardo almiron , another bianconero left turin to move to bari . it is young spanish player yago silva falque .	雅格奥在塞尔吉奥贝纳多·阿尔蒙之后借给巴黎 , 另一位孟加罗左转向巴黎 , 这是年轻的西班牙球员 。
the party's sixth plenary of sixteen session made a series of entire and specific arrangements for harmonious culture construction for current and future a period .	党的六十六届会议的第六届会议做了一系列的整体和具体的安排 , 为当前和谐文化建设 , 未来一段时间 。
to do this , use the find utility to locate and review all files you've accessed or changed during a certain time period today , yesterday , or at any date or segment of time in the past .	为此 , 使用发现实用程序来定位和审查您在今天一定时间内访问或改变的所有文件 , 或者在过去任何日期或分段 。
based on the submarine soft rock supporting engineering in beizao mine of longkou mining corporation , the physical model tests of interaction of usteel support and roadway were carried out .	根据北京龙口矿业公司的潜艇软岩支持工程 , 提出了利用usteel支持和路径交互作用的物理模型试验 。
methods:cell growth and differentiation were analysed by trypan blue dye exclusion test , 7690 xu fluorescein staining and transmission electric microscopy .	方法:采用tlypan蓝色染料排除试验 , 7690u荧光素染色及传输电镜对细胞生长和分化进行了分析 。
objective to inquire into the adsorptivity of hcv rna by the inner surface of machinecollected plasma bags and their tubes which were produced , using pvc as main raw material .	目的探讨hcvrna的吸附性 , 采用pvc作为主要原材料 , 探讨血浆袋内表面的吸附性及其管道 。
the solidification model of twinroller strip casting is established . the solidification process of strip casting is mathematically simulated by using the finite element software .	建立了双辊带铸件的固化模型 , 利用有限元软件模拟了带铸件的固化过程 。
the intellectual property rights for all prizewinning works will belong to the mcu r&d division . works will be published in the special 22st mcu literary prize magazine .	所有奖励作品的知识产权将属于mcur&d部门 , 作品将在特殊22st文学奖励杂志发布 。
for example , evaporation from water surface decreased , relative humidity near to the ground surface increased , sunshine hours reduced and wind speed decreased .	例如 , 从水表面的蒸发降低 , 地面的相对湿度相对增加 , 阳光小时降低和风速降低 。
it is named after wilbur l . scoville , an american scientist who , in 1912 , developed a test to measure levels of capsaicin , the chemical that creates the heat in chilli .	1912年 , 美国科学家wilburl.scooville在美国科学家wilburl.l.scoville研制了一项测量卡普萨辛的测量水平的测试 。
when blood sugar rises to a certain degree , saturated central issue gastric disorder signal . if all the nutrients , to reduce weight a biscuit products .	当血糖升高到一定程度时 , 饱和的中央问题胃疾病信号 , 如果所有营养物 , 减少一定程度 。
and here , through the mere excitement , i rapped heavily , with a cane which i held in my hand , upon that very portion of the brickwork behind which stood the corpse of the wife of my bosom .	在这里 , 只有一次激动 , 我把握在我的手中 , 在那里 , 砖砌的一部分后面 , 站在我的老婆的尸体 。
each one of a person’s ten fingers leaves a distinct impression , and the elasticity of skin makes it all but impossible to leave precisely the same fingerprint impression twice .	每一个人十指的每一个人都留下了一个不同的印象 , 皮肤的弹性使皮肤的弹性使得它完全不可能留下相同的手指印象 。
xiong yumei , deputy director of beijing tourism administration , said , " the booking rate in all starrated hotels in beijing in july increased one percent from may . "	北京旅游管理局副局长谢玉梅说: " 今年7月 , 北京各地淀粉酒店的书籍速度增加了5月份的一% 。 "
colombia's carbon emissions are relatively low because of plentiful river systems feed enough hydropower generators to supply some 70% of electricity needs . 10 .	哥伦比亚的碳排放量相对较低 , 因为大量的河系饲养足够的水电发电机发电机 , 供应约70%的电力需求 。
d latch and d flipflop circuits using floatinggate mos are designed . in order to introduce the application of d flipflop , we design the register and counter by d flipflops .	设计了采用浮动moss的dlatch和dflipflop流电路 , 为了介绍dliplopppp应用 , 设计了d的注册和对策 。
fed by the 100plus inches of rain per year that fall in olympic national park , evergreen trees rise above the fog that fills this olympic mountain's valley .	由于每年的100英寸的雨量每年降到奥林匹克国家公园 , 永远是绿树上升 , 充满了这个奥运山谷的雾 。
the superantigen fusion protein cell factor is actually a substitute for the antigen in the prior art , has a targeting function and is a new prospective medicament different from the antigen .	超原融合蛋白质细胞因子实际上是抗原艺术的替代 , 具有目标功能 , 是抗原不同的新前瞻性介质 。
project management is a carefully planned and organized effort to accomplish a specific onetime effort , for example , construct a building or implement a new computer system .	项目管理是一个仔细的计划和组织努力完成特定的一次努力 , 例如 , 构建一个建筑或实现一个新的计算机系统 。
the geological cause of the mixed layer and its distributing characters are defined by spore pollen analysis , scanning electron microscope and c14 isotope test in this paper .	本文采用spollen分析、扫描电镜和c14异位试验 , 定义了混合层的地质原因及其分布特征 。
the modern people want to understand correctly three big nutrients , these three big nutrient everybody attention , first controls animalism , along with age increase , decreases progressively .	现代人士希望正确理解三大营养成分 , 这些三大营养大家注意力 , 第一次控制动物 , 随着年龄的增加 , 逐步降低 。
dedication to make friends , and friends , the heart of india , the situation tied up , helping hands , sincere cooperation , mutual benefit and create a better tomorrow !	为了让朋友们 , 朋友 , 印度的心 , 情绪累累 , 帮助手 , 诚挚合作 , 互利 , 明天创造更好的明天 !
china has enlisted pakistani cooperation in quashing potential muslim insurgencies in its farwestern province of xinjiang , bordering pakistan and afghanistan .	中国在新疆、巴基斯坦、边境巴基斯坦和阿富汗西部地震潜在的穆斯林保险工作中加入了巴基斯坦合作 。
soft start valves are used to throttle the gas flow in roughing lines . they prevent turbulences in piping and containers , particulate contamination in vacuum installations .	软启动阀被用来使气体流在粗糙的线中 , 它们防止管道和容器的流动 , 尤其是真空安装的污染 。
food intolerance can also be used to describe a much less welldefined collection of symptoms that some people suffer from on consuming certain foods for which no clear basis is known .	食品容量也可以用来描述一个较少有定义的症状 , 有些人在消费某些食物上遭受的某些食物 , 所以没有明确的基础 。
the boiling point rise of dilute solution in physical chemistry seems to contradict with vapor distillation in experiment of organic chemistry . actually , they are of different principles .	物理化学中的稀释点升高似乎与蒸汽蒸馏实验相矛盾 , 实际上 , 它们是不同的原理 。
the deck erection gantry is a specialized equipment for erection of suspension bridge deck segments , it has mainly two forms of winch type and hydraulic lifting type .	装甲运行吉特里是悬架桥段的专业设备 , 主要有两种风格和液压升降类型 。
on july 21 , 2005 , premier wen jiabao of the state council met in the great of the people with guyana's prime minister samuel hinds who is paying a working visit to china .	2005年7月21日 , 国务院总理温家宝会见到了贵雅亚总理萨米尔后卫 , 他在访问中国的工作 。
chapter iii should be natural and the reality of conflict , analyzed and discussed the people's jury selection , training , legal empowerment and supervision of several elements .	第二章应当是自然和冲突现实 , 分析和讨论人民陪审选择、培训、法律实施和监督几个元素 。
on the basis of this , the paper divides the whole chapter into nine sections , with each section divided into three parts of " original text " , " textual research " , and " interpretations " .	在此基础上 , 本文将整个章节分为九部分 , 分为 " 原文 " 、 " 文本研究 " 、 " 解释 " 三部分 。
secondly , the scheme scanning exterior environment and the scheme evaluating quantitatively exterior environment of institutes' transformation with efe matrix method are discussed ;	第二 , 讨论了利用efe矩阵法的变换方案扫描外部环境及其方案评估机构的外部环境 。
jobs become scarcer and the wallace children begin to realize that their father is a violent monster who daily terrorizes their mother and refuses to feed his children .	乔布斯变得聪明 , 沃尔兰孩子们开始意识到他们的父亲是一个暴力怪物 , 每天恐惧母亲 , 拒绝喂他的孩子 。
the second chapter is a detailed explication on the techniques in image creation , effects of special language structures , and formalism in textual arrangement in classical chinese poetry .	第二章对中国古典诗歌中特殊语言结构的形象创造、效果及其形式进行了详细的阐述 。
thirdly , based on theoretical hypotheses of collective identity , the paper classifies the theories of european identity into two perspectives: primordialism and constructivism .	第三 , 基于集体身份的理论假设 , 将欧洲身份的理论分为两个方面:主义和建设主义 。
the influential factors of noise for dimethyl ether engine are studied and analyzed through experiments by using method of combustion noise and effective solutions for noise reduction are found out .	研究了二甲基醚发动机噪声的影响因素 , 利用燃烧噪声和有效解决方法 , 研究了二甲基醚发动机噪声的影响因素 。
skyrocketing food prices have increased attention to the larger challenge of overcoming hunger and malnutrition , the “forgotten” u . n . millennium development goal .	天球攻击食品价格已经越来越多的关注了克服饥饿和哺乳营养的挑战 , " 忘记 " 美国千年发展目标 。
he had been stranded since saturday evening , when he and his 67yearold uncle got into trouble during a hunting expedition and the ice floe on which he was standing broke away .	自周六晚上以来 , 他和67岁的叔叔叔在一次捕猎过程中遇到了困难 , 冰浮在他站在那里 。
many kinds of hormone are involved in the regulation of uterine action by autocrine or paracrine fashion , such as oxytocin , prostaglandins and endothelin et al .	多种激素参与了自动分泌或帕克里尼时尚调控子宫行为的规定 , 例如氧分泌素、前列腺素和内皮素等 。
while pastis had depicted various crocodiles in the strip as early as february 2004 , these crocs were relatively competent and spoke normal english in a normal typeface .	随着2004年2月早些时候 , 帕斯特里斯描述了各种不同的鳄鱼 , 这些鳄鱼在正常的类型表面中相对较为竞争 , 而且说正常的英语 。
if you can't read the data when you have accessed it , the decryption keys are corrupted , or the server rejects it because the vendor is using its own encryption algorithm .	如果你不能在访问它时读到数据 , 那么解密密钥被腐败 , 或者服务器拒绝它 , 因为供应商使用自己的加密算法 。
he it is who weaves the web of this in evanescent hues of gold and silver , blue and green , and lets peep out through the folds his feet , at whose touch i forget myself .	他是谁穿着这件金银银的网络 , 蓝色和绿色的网络 , 让自己穿过折叠的脚 , 感觉到我忘记自己 。
relying on its favorable conditions of humane resources for tourism , shanxi province is now famous for its compound culture while keen competition among its compounds begins .	山西省旅游资源优势依赖其人力资源的条件 , 目前尚西省著名于其复合文化 , 而其复合物竞争开始 。
adults are usually absent in blyton's books , allowing children to be powerful: travelling and cooking for themselves , visiting magic lands or solving mysteries .	成年人通常在布利顿的书中缺乏 , 允许孩子们有力:旅行和烹饪 , 为自己 , 访问魔法的土地或解决神秘 。
a crucial issue for the popularization of high viscous polymer devolatilization process is to develop high efficiency mass transfer apparatus with improved surface renewal rate .	高粘聚合物衍射过程的普遍化问题是开发高效质量传送装置 , 提高了表面再生率 。
this group teaching program had a positive effect on heart attack patients not only for improving knowledge but lowering the degree of uncertainty and depression throughout the disease course .	本组教学项目对心脏攻击患者的积极影响不仅为了提高知识但降低了全病程不确定性和抑郁程度 。
results the recovery and total effective rates were 93 . 3% and 62 . 2% for group of hypertonic saline , and significantly higher than those of ns plus oral prednisone group .	结果总有效率为93.3%和62.2% , 高ton盐碱组 , 总有效率显著高于ns加口服预氮组 。
the game of bingo is an ongong american custom that is encouraged by civic groups , and is condoned by the church as well , in exchange for the needed income the game provides .	宾多的游戏是一个强大的美国习俗 , 鼓励民间群体的鼓励 , 教堂也被教会所包含的 , 交换需要的收入提供 。
box 12: gross weight in kilos should be shown here . other units of measurement e . g . volume or number of items which would indicate exact quantities may be used when customary .	盒12:kilos的重量应该在这里展示 。 其他测量单元 , 例如 , 或许在定制时 , 确实的数量可能被使用 。
crossing over the highway , away from the shenzhen international airport , the port only a dozen kilometers away from guangzhou new baiyun international airport , one hour full speed .	离开深圳国际机场 , 港口仅从广州新白云国际机场离开10公里 , 一小时全速 。
with the built of marketing economy system , the rapid development of national economy and enhancement of human living standards , medicine and healthcare industries have been developed rapidly .	随着市场经济体制的建设 , 国民经济的迅速发展 , 提高人类生活标准 , 医药和健康行业的迅速发展 。
the second floor of the pavilion will be transparent . the pavilion will symbolize the imagination and creativity of hong kong people , said ng hon wing , director of the pavilion .	香港人民的想象和创造力将是透明的 , 旅馆将会象征香港人民的想象和创造力 。
sarge explained why he picked me: “a player can have great skills , but his talent won’t mean much if he doesn’t apply himself and get the job done , ” he said .	他说 , 萨格解释为什么他挑选我: " 球员能有很大的技能 , 但是他的才能不会意味着如果他没有应用自己并获得工作 。 "
chapter 1 mainly introduces the current export situation of chinese textiles and apparel , especially the new problems arising from the soaring volumes and slumping export prices .	第一章主要介绍了中国纺织品和服装的出口情况 , 尤其是从承载量和减少出口价格的新问题 。
different specifications for heating glassware , but i guarantee the quality of drying , heating system and below the nozzle position , the inclination should be able to easily adjust .	加热玻璃的不同规格 , 但我保证干燥、加热系统的质量和喷嘴位置下的质量 , 应该容易调整 。
such different sources as the native americans , rudolph steiner and our friends at findhorn have influenced our learning of the appropriate harmonic role in relation to the earth .	如此不同的来源 , 俄罗德尔夫斯蒂纳和我们的朋友们对地球的合适和谐角色的学习具有影响 。
the 23 existing couplets belonging to the mansion house best manifest zhang's wit and humor , his political ambition , attitude and his attachment to hometown and relatives .	23岁的现有夫妇属于曼联的房子最好的张的妻子和幽默 , 他的政治抱怨、态度和他的附属于家乡和亲戚 。
whereas turks tend to be warm and extrovert , your average georgian seems much more selfcontained and reserved – not entirely dissimilar to your average briton , really .	虽然土耳其倾向于温暖和透明 , 你的平均乔治亚似乎比你平均英国更加自我包含和储备都要多 。
displaying its spectrum of shades in an attempt to attract the attention of the less vibrant brown spiders , the creature reveals hues of orange , yellow , green and blue .	展示了它的阴影 , 试图吸引更少的活力棕色蜘蛛的注意力 , 生物揭示了橙色、黄色、绿色和蓝色 。
" i'm not going to go up against guillem if his best investigative report says there is a deal in place playertoclub i believe that , what i think is shameless is calderon , " said hunter .	亨特说: " 如果他最好的调查报告说 , 我不会反对吉利米 , 我相信玩家oclub有一个交易 , 我认为这是无耻的 。 "
they see their province as teeming with resources ? fish , forests , minerals and now oil ? that outsiders have profited from , sometimes unfairly , leaving only crumbs behind .	他们看到他们的省 , 像资源一样 , 鱼类 , 森林 , 矿物 , 现在的石油 ? 有时候 , 只剩下的石油 。
some schools have already started separating the sexes for some lessons and say it has eliminated the " peacock effect " of boys showing off and provided a more equal distribution of teacher time .	一些学校已经开始分离一些教训的性别 , 说它消除了男孩出现的 " 桃叶效应 " , 并且提供了更等于老师时间的分配 。
in retrospect , kafka was a noble attempt to adapt the complexity of kafka's work to the movies , and it hinted at soderbergh's genre experiments to come .	在回顾方面 , kafka是一个新型的试图适应kafka对电影的复杂性 , 而且它在索德伯格的特殊实验中得到了提高 。
after world war i , henry ford and general motors' alfred sloan moved world manufacture from centuries of craft production led by european firms into the age of mass production .	世界大战之后 , 亨利福特和通用汽车的汽车汽车公司从几世纪的欧洲工艺生产领域移动了世界制造业 。
professor popkin says american schools also need to improve their nutrition . for example , schools may have vending machellones that offer what many people would consider junk food .	波普金教授说 , 美国学校还需要提高营养 , 例如 , 学校也可以提供许多人会考虑垃圾食品 。
but wga west president patric verrone told the more than 3 , 000 writers in attendance saturday night that the strike would end only after they voted to approve the contract .	然而 , wga西总统帕特里克·弗朗在星期六晚上告诉这项合同超过3000名作家 , 此次袭击只会结束 。
amoi is a wellknown domestic mobile phone manufacturing enterprise . because of a8 , a " will dancing " mobile phone , amoi earned much money in 2002 and 2003 .	amoi是一家知名的国内移动电话制造企业 , 因为a8 , 一个 " 将跳舞 " 手机 , 2002年和2003年获得了很多钱 。
while this may sound inefficient , remember that in most observer situations , each component has a small number of listeners , and insertions and removal are greatly outnumbered by traversals .	虽然这听起来很有效 , 记住在大多数观察者的情况下 , 每个组件都有小量的听众 , 插入和删除大多数都被传统所占据 。
the belief possesses three characteristics such as the abundant mazu temples , rich poems in praise of mazu and its close relation with the activities of fujian businessmen .	信念拥有丰富的马祖寺、丰富的诗歌 , 与福建商人活动密切相关 。
the website says: " this silicon small sex dolls is our unique design on market in 2016 , sex dolls with hot japanese pure girl , female real sex doll robot for man . "	网站说: " 这个硅小的性爱娃是2016年市场上独特的设计 , 与日本纯洁的女孩 , 女性真正的性爱机器人 。 "
jobs , pi: as time marched on , the moustache made a comeback rumours that he was going to ditch silicon valley for the san fernando valley proved unfounded .	乔布斯:当时3月的时候 , 穆斯塔切做了一个回归的谣言 , 他将为圣弗南多山谷发掘硅谷 。
he lost out but we reckon that , given he got to hang on for lots more films instead of wearing a turban and then getting done in by an 11 yearold , he's probably over it now .	他失去了 , 但我们回忆起来 , 由于他得到更多的电影 , 不要穿一件土耳其 , 然后在11岁的时候做完 , 现在他可能会穿过它 。
more than 90% of employees in selfgoverning firms , and twothirds in the informedacquiescence category , agreed that " good ideas are readily adopted by my company " .	自治公司的员工超过90% , 同意 " 良好的想法已经被我公司所采取的两分之二 。 "
article 102 after placing the subject matter in escrow , the obligor shall timely notify the obligee or his heir or guardian , except where the obligee cannot be located .	第十二条escrow的主题发生后 , 义务应当随时通知对象或他的头发或保卫人 , 除非对象不能被定位 。
more earnings from s&p 500 companies and a steady stream of toptier economic indicators will give investors more evidence of the economy's health throughout the week .	标准500家公司的收益越来越多 , 高层经济指标的稳定流动将给投资者更多的证据在周内的经济健康 。
the fractal parameters of pore structure are estimated based on the capillary pressure data before and after waterflooding to investigate the effect of waterflooding on variation of pore structure .	基于孔隙结构的分形参数对孔隙结构变化的影响 , 估计孔隙结构的孔隙压力数据及水流量对孔隙结构的影响 。
methods we observed effects of antiarrhythmic agents and synchronized cardioversion treatment of atrial fibrillation in 19 patients with preexcitation syndrome .	方法观察19例急性综合征患者心房纤维化合并心脏损伤的临床疗效 。
conclusion both the nickel titanium patella fixation and the adjustable patella fracture reduce device have the satisfactory effect for treatment of patella fracture .	结论镍钛板固定和可调节帕特拉骨折降低装置对帕特拉骨折的满意性 。
established in 2006 , shenzhen siemax cables technology co . , ltd , is one of the leading suppliers for the " structured communications solutions " in china .	深圳西马克电缆技术有限公司成立于2006年 , 是我国 " 结构化交流解决方案 " 的主要供应商之一 。
professionally producing transmission belt , oil seal , mould rubber parts , silicon hose , tensioner for passenger cars , light and heavy duty vehicles .	专业生产传送带 , 油封 , 橡胶零件 , 硅管 , 乘客车张力 , 轻轻 , 重负责车辆 。
this private residence , located in the dongcheng district of beijing , is a traditional " siheyuan " type of residence where the courtyard is the center of the house .	这个私人住宅位于北京东城区的东城区 , 是一个传统的 " 西海源 " 的住宅类型 , 院院是房子中心 。
the color male money of these dress composed , female money is bold and unrestrained , but the figure that having same heavy and complicated , artistic touch is dyeinthewood .	这些衣服的颜色男性金钱 , 女性金钱是无限制的 , 但有相同的重量和复杂的 , 艺术触摸是染色的 。
telecommunications technology co . , ltd . shenzhen peng is a research and development , production , sales and service into a professional led screen manufacturer of digital control information .	深圳市深圳市电信技术有限公司是一家研究、开发、销售、服务成为数字控制信息专业led屏幕制造商 。
depict the influence on the plant cellular , caused by the added high electrostatic field , by the bimolecular lipid membranes , and deduce the micro principles .	通过双分子脂膜对植物细胞的影响 , 描述了由增加的高电静电场引起的影响 , 降低了微电原理 。
it turns out that the knapsacks were brighter than the polo shirts . the thread color that looked good on the knapsacks was too dark to read on the shirts .	结果表明 , knapsacksack比polo衬衫更明亮 , 线程颜色看起来很好 , 在knapsack上读得太黑了 。
article 19 1 the adjusted net capital amount of futures commission merchants shall not be less than 6 percent of the total amount of customer margin account .	第九十一条未来委员会的净资本额不得超过6%的客户边缘账户 。
by the determination of multistyle elastic silk of single or double layer , it shows that the elasticity of the prepared fabrics can all reach medium or low levels .	通过测定单层弹性丝的测定 , 结果表明 , 制备的织物的弹性能均可达到媒体或低水平 。
the mechanism , structure features of dynamic wave wet scrubber are briefly presented , and its applications in sulfuric acid and compound fertilizer productions are exemplified .	简要介绍了动态波浪湿润橡胶的机理、结构特点 , 介绍了硫酸和复合肥料生产的应用 。
but despite efforts to step up enforcement , including suspending production last month at a number of battery factories , the government's response remains faltering .	但是 , 尽管在上个月 , 尽管政府的反应仍然不断提高执行 , 包括上个月的停止生产 , 包括上个月的电池工厂 , 但政府的反应仍然存在改变 。
on the basis of analysis , the qingdao port group's overall development strategy is developed . finally , a number of recommendations to enhance the competitiveness of the group are presented .	针对青岛港口集团整体开发战略的分析 , 提出了提高群体竞争力的建议 。
in addition , on the aspect of the sziit supervisor's observation on class performance , the teaching contents are totally different , and the experimental classes' performances are more active .	此外 , 在sziit监督员对类性能的观察方面 , 教学内容完全不同 , 实验类的性能更为活跃 。
ten days later , during the 36th week of gestation , word arrived that a baby had died during or shortly after birth and the parents had agreed to donate the infant's heart .	十天后 , 在第三十六周的gestation期间 , 一个婴儿在出生之后 , 父母同意捐赠婴儿的心脏 。
chief introduction of the company jingu eastro handicraft limited company is a professional enterprise specializing in the production of handicrafts with fully minor ethnic group features .	公司东工艺有限公司的首席介绍是一家专业化的专业企业 , 拥有全少数民族特色的工艺工艺专业化 。
there is no need to maintain session affinity at the plugin router level , as session affinities will be taken care of by the odrs when the requests are forwarded on to the application servers .	插件路由层没有必要保持会话效益 , 因为会话效益将被odrs所提前的请求被odrs关注到应用服务器的时候 。
following an investigation into the possibilities of materials including recycled glass , stucco and marble , the architects settled on stone as the best option .	通过对材料的可能性进行调查 , 包括回收玻璃、ucco和大理石 , 建筑师将石头作为最佳选择 。
yu'ebao , china's most popular internet fund , is an investment service jointly offered by alipay , china's leading online payments provider , and tianhong asset management .	中国最受欢迎的网络基金yu'bao是中国在线支付供应商和天中资产管理公司共同提供的投资服务 。
underwater gps positioning system includes four parts which are gps differential reference station , gps buoy subsystem , underwater pinger , shipbased data processing and control center .	水下gps定位系统包括四个部分是gps微分参考站、gps购买子系统、水下翼、船舶数据处理和控制中心 。
" i think luxehomes' content is very comprehensive . i particularly like the stories with forwardlooking angles , " says louis ho , a director of centaline's stately homes .	" 我认为路易霍姆斯的内容非常全面 , 我特别喜欢与前瞻角度的故事 , " 路易斯霍说 。
results:during the procedure of combined liver and kidney harvesting , 1 right renal vein and 2 left renal arteries were injured , 3 renal perfusion were not satisfied .	结果:1例右肾静脉和2例左肾动脉结合肝脏和肾脏收收获过程 , 1例右肾动脉和2例左肾动脉损伤 , 3例肾灌注不满意 。
a source of electricity consisting of a number of alternating disks of two different metals separated by acidmoistened pads , forming primary cells connected in series .	一种由两种不同金属分离的电力来源 , 形成了一系列连接的主要细胞 。
the letter to the hebrews , one letter of john , he rejects the shepherd of hermas , which is a book that we include in a groupings of writing we call the apostolic fathers .	约翰的一封信 , 约翰的一封信 , 他拒绝了赫马斯的牧羊 , 这本书是我们所包含的一组我们叫做阿波斯托利父亲的书 。
in west germany , foreign minister hansdietrich genscher urged moscowto shut all nuclearpower plants similar to the one at chernobyl .	在德国西部 , 外交部长汉沙特里奇基因scher敦促莫斯科托关闭所有核能源植物相似于樱桃贝尔 。
various designs of single stage , double stage and multistage or their combination can be customized accordingly for deferent demands of sterilization , insulation and cooling .	根据单阶段、双阶段和多阶段的设计 , 可以根据不同的稳定性、绝缘性和冷却需求定制各种设计 。
folders , for example , are a wellknown metaphor for file organization , and they have replaced “directories , ” which were used previously in commandline operating systems .	例如 , 文件组织的一个知名隐喻 , 它们已经取代了 " 目录 " , 此前在命令行操作系统中使用 。
phonetics , grammar , vocabulary , listening , speaking , reading and writing skills in this stage , to realize breakthrough , to lay the foundation , a habit .	电话 , 语法 , 词汇 , 听 , 讲话 , 阅读和写作技能 , 在这个阶段实现突破 , 实现基础 , 建立习惯 , 习惯 。
the lack of legal foundation of defense counsel in procedure for review of death sentences leads to the obstacles on operation and guarantee of defense of the counsel .	国防委员会缺乏法律基金会对死刑审查的程序进行审查 , 导致该委员会的操作和保障障障 。
the results of the experiment indicated that the training system for athletes of speed strength events and groups could lead to a remarkable adaptive change in cardiac shapes and functions .	实验结果表明 , 运动员运动员的培训体系可以导致心脏形态和功能显著的自适应变化 。
to resolve the large time jitter error of middlelong range action in uwb fuse systems , a novel time system base on crystal frequency division has been proposed .	为了解决uwb混合系统中长范围行为的大时间jitter误差 , 提出了一种基于晶体频分割的新型时间系统 。
big accounting firms are offering similar increases , according to j . patrick gorman , founder of ifind group , a new yorkbased cpa recruiting firm .	纽约的cpa招聘公司创始人j.帕特里克·戈尔曼说 , 大会计公司正在提供类似的增加 , 根据纽约的cpa招聘公司的创始人j.帕特里克·戈尔曼说 。
in a study involving 2 , 604 residents of hisayama , japan , the researchers examined the association between serum cholesterol level and incidence of gastric cancer .	在一项研究中 , 日本的2604名居民 , 研究人员考察了血清胆固醇水平与胃癌发生率之间的关系 。
methods 37 cases who had taken relative exploring sign underwent cholangiography before choledochotomy , and the negative patients would not take choledochus exploration .	方法对37例慢性胆管切除术前患者进行相对探索 , 并且负面病人不会采取胆管检查 。
i have been fortunate to work with hitachi for over 25years starting with delivery of the transilift to hitachi port in 1984 and i am looking forward to the continuation of our relationship .	1984年 , 我一直很幸运和hitachi工作 , 为了25年的时间开始交付hitachi港口 , 并且我期待我们的关系继续 。
tentatively , this study introduced simple and economical dynamic cone penetrometer and impact soil tester for facilitating the investigation of subgrade and upgrading its quality .	本研究介绍了简单、经济动态锥石油计及影响土壤试验仪 , 提高其质量 , 提高其质量 。
aim using the variance matrix of estimated error , positional accuracy can be compared with different mixing together data , it has put forward a kind of basis for system location to select data .	目的利用估计误差的变化矩阵 , 可以比较不同混合数据的位置精度 , 提出了一种系统位置来选择数据的基础 。
lccs have benefited from increasing price sensitivity of consumers and business travellers and lower oil prices that have flowed from the global economic malaise .	lccs已经从全球经济疟疾流出来的石油价格增加了消费者和商业旅行者的价格敏感性和下降的石油价格 。
these groups are especially vulnerable because they often experience extended survival during which neurocognitive complications of therapy may cause more impairment than the tumor itself .	这些群体尤其是脆弱 , 因为他们经历了大量的生存期间 , 神经认知并发症可能会导致肿瘤本身的损害 。
the simulation experiment shows that the parallel processing method obtains sub linear speedup , and the requirement for real time identification of internal model online is basically satisfied .	仿真实验表明 , 平行处理方法获得了子线速度 , 对于内在模型实时识别的要求基本满意 。
the measles initiative is a collaborative effort of who , unicef , the american red cross , the united states centers for disease control and prevention , and the united nations foundation .	这个措施是谁、联合国、美国红十字会、美国疾病控制和预防中心的合作努力 , 美国基金会 。
the paper focuses on the emerging social historical grounds of new realism novels and discusses how the writers direct the contemporary literature development and cognitive strategies .	本文重点阐述了当代文学发展和认知策略的新现实主义小说的社会历史背景 , 并讨论了当代文学发展和认知策略 。
thirdly , it exposes the corruption of fedual government , which derives from niu xiu " s advanced political thoughts and rough official career . "	第三 , 阐述了美国美联政府的腐败 , 来自牛秀 " 先进政治思想和粗糙的官方职业 " 。
companies and enterprises should also pay attention to the mental health of employees and help them relieve pressure through lectures and psychological counseling , wu suggested .	吴建议 , 企业和企业也应注重员工心理健康 , 帮助他们通过讲座和心理咨询来解决压力 。
through the analysis on phenomenon of big tree into city and the status quo of scenic forest in city , the necessity and urgency of scenic forest protection were expounded .	通过对城市大树现象的分析 , 阐述了城市景观森林的必要性和必要性 。
adhesive , disintegrating agent and enteric garment to put on weight , with the release of reduced glutathione degree as the optimum prescription of entericcoated .	粘接剂 , 消毒剂和输入服装放在重量上 , 释放的葡萄糖离子度作为进口密集的最佳配方 。
the attitude of magnetic foliation , which clearly suggests the emplacement of the magma in different tectonic units , is consistent with rock shapes and distribution of rock units .	磁化的态度明显提示了不同构造单元的磁化作用 , 是岩体形状和岩体分布的一致 。
actually dao yin didn't also want to good want to sell , he just wanted to see if they can make any repercussions , dao yin renhui won't inherit his judge the proposal .	事实上 , 道阴也不想卖好 , 他只是想看看他们是否能做任何重复 , 道阴仁惠不会继承他的提案 。
spoon into the prepared muffin tin , filling each cup twothirds full . bake in the preheated 190c/375f oven for 2025 minutes , or until golden brown .	进入制备的mufffin锡 , 填充每杯三分之二的杯子 。 烘焙在2025分钟的前热/375炉 , 或者直到金棕色 。
besides , great importance was attached to the building of teaching and learning atmosphere . ten regulations made by the founder zhiyi ensured good teaching atmosphere .	除此之外 , 大气附近教学和学习氛围的建筑 , 创始人zhiyi确保了良好的教学氛围 。
this article discusses a serious of problems exposed during the actual operation and application of the internal heat coke oven , analyses the reason and puts forward improvement schemes .	本文讨论了内热炉实际运行过程中存在的问题 , 分析了内热炉的原因 , 提出了改进方案 。
objective to investigate the relationship between gliosis , synaptic reorganization and the mechanism of chronic temporal lobe epilepsy induced by kainic acid .	目的探讨结肠酸诱导慢性暂时lobe癫痫的关系及其机理 。
to some extent , it is more practical to explain the process of determination by using signal detection theory than holding the ideal hypothesis of regarding the judge as reasonable .	对于某些程度来说 , 利用信号检测理论来解释信号检测的过程 , 比保持法官理想假设的理想假设 。
it is pointed out that , in the case of having radial flexible mechanism , the wear between anti rotation mechanism and scroll wrap exhibits synchronism and self compensation .	指出 , 在有径向弹性机制的情况下 , 抗旋转机制与滚拉伸展示同步机制与自补偿之间的磨损 。
numerical analysis illustrates that the improved genetic algorithm designing is successful in solving highdimension , multiconstrains , and nonlinear uc problem .	数值分析表明 , 改进的基因算法在解决高维、多元应变和非线性uc问题中成功地提高了基因算法 。
the bank manager and other relevant bank personnels should be charged of breach of duty for causing the loss of 17 , 000 yuans . so why aren't they charged ?	银行经理和其他相关银行人员应当负责造成损失17 , 000元的责任 , 所以为什么他们不负责 ?
as a signal molecule , h2o2 derived from polyamine oxidation mediates cell death , the hypersensitive response and the expression of defence genes .	作为一种信号分子 , h2o2源于聚氨胺氧化介质细胞死亡 , 高敏反应和防御基因的表达 。
the offshore oil industry is built with high risks and investment intensified . improper use of operating fluids during development stage may cause reservoir damages .	超海油工业建立了高风险和投资强化的高风险和投资强化 , 在开发阶段运行流体可能导致水库损害 。
the united states , he argues , needs to partner with iran and turkey to create a " powerful triangle " whose activities would promote a culture of democracy and combat extremism .	他认为 , 美国需要与伊朗和土耳其合作 , 创造一个 " 强大的三角 " , 其活动将促进民主和战争极端主义的文化 。
this was hard to swallow for tunisians proud of the once exemplary educational system nurtured by their first president , habib bourguiba , whom ben ali ousted in 1987 .	在1987年 , 海比布鲁吉巴的第一位总统哈比·布里吉巴 , 自豪的唐尼斯人一旦体验教育体系教育体系培养过程中 , 这是很难吞噬的 。
this is not to inhibit full and free expression: this is not to lose spontaneity ; authenticity , and the important sincerity we communicate simultaneously .	这不能抑制全自由表达:这不会失去自由性 ; 实体性 , 以及我们同时沟通的重要诚信性 。
she goes on , " we're electrical engineers , and we really needed more help from ocean engineers , but to get them we needed more funding , and to get more funding we needed to show some success . "	她继续说: " 我们是电工程师 , 我们真正需要更多的帮助海洋工程师的帮助 , 但是我们需要更多的资金 , 获得更多的成功 。 "
“we can put your mom’s picture and her jewelry box right here on top , ”michele said , and kristen felt so lucky to have a family who loved her and wanted to make her happy .	" 我们可以把你的妈妈的照片放在这里 , 她的珠宝盒右边 , " 米切尔说 , 克里斯特觉得很幸运 , 喜欢她的家人 , 想让她快乐 。
instead , he thinks yoga helps keep people more in tune with their bodies and eating habits and aware of bad habits , such as eating because of stress , boredom or depression .	相反 , 他认为瑜伽有助于让人们更多地用自己的身体和饮食习惯和意识到坏习惯 , 例如由于压力 , 或抑郁 。
volunteers who worked in rooms lit by a lamp with an incandescent light bulb instead of overhead fluorescents solved problems requiring novel thinking more successfully .	房间工作的志愿者们在灯光里工作的灯光照明灯 , 而非总荧光消费者更成功地解决了新的思考问题 。
five loud blasts were reported at gaddafi's bab alaziziya compound , where he had made an address on tuesday night and which had been first attacked on sunday night .	星期二晚上 , 卡扎菲的巴布阿拉齐亚化合物报道了五个大声爆炸 , 他在周二晚上发出了一个地址 , 这是第一次在星期日晚上攻击的 。
with a certain assumption , we conclude that the relationship between price level , quantity produced and cost parameter is same at both extreme levels of risk avoidance .	通过一定的假设 , 结论价格水平、价格水平与成本参数之间的关系与风险避免的极端水平相同 。
the material balance equation for gas reservoir has been used to determine reserves and ogip of gas reservoir , judge its driving type and predict its production performance .	采用气藏的材料平衡方程 , 确定气藏的储量和ogip , 判断其驱动类型并预测其生产性能 。
wan hui see tang sugar home happy , tang li and tian xin see tang sugar after come back home , it suggested that put home decorate the home to also can spacious points , everyone to move to villa .	万慧看到唐糖家快乐、唐李和天新看到唐糖回家后 , 建议把家装饰装饰 , 每个人都搬到维拉 。
the trend in the prosperity of new year films shows that it results from the close relationship between the social and cultural accumulation and the psychological sublimation to the films .	新年电影的繁荣趋势显示 , 从社会和文化积累的密切关系和心理分子对电影的影响 。
this program focuses on helping mathematical teachers construct conceptual maps of the development of children's mathematical cognition through education practices and coresearching .	本项目重点通过教育实践和核心搜索 , 建立儿童数学认知的概念地图 。
theaverage of t/es during the whole stages was about 2 . 06 . the maximum of it appeared in flag stage was about 78 , and its minimum appeared in winter was close to zero .	整个阶段的t/es平均水平约为2.06 , 旗阶段出现的最大水平大约78个 , 冬季的最小出现率接近零 。
huoshan industrial economy which is called huoshan phenomenon by those who study economy had a sharp rise in this years , though it was a poverty county of national level .	湖山工业经济被称为胡山现象 , 今年的研究经济有着明显的上升 , 虽然它是国家水平的贫困县 。
that's because the new u . s . military strategy no longer focuses on going after enemy fighters in the mountains , but on winning over afghans in the cities and villages .	这是因为新美国军事战略不再关注在山上敌人战斗者之后 , 而在城市和村庄中赢得了阿富汗的胜利 。
in fact , foreign volunteers would like to deliver extemporaneously though they got prepared . and local teachers thought foreigners acted as trainer just for fun .	事实上 , 外国志愿者希望在他们准备好准备的时候发送出极大的贡献 , 而当地老师认为外国人只是为了有趣的训练员做出行动 。
vacationer accomodations are a nearby solarpowered hostel , with gardens and wild chickens . but by far , the highlight of the trip is the chance to see the grampians .	假期机构是一个附近的太阳能酒店 , 花园和野鸡的酒店 , 但到目前为止 , 旅行的高光是看到葡萄牙人 。
analyzing the function of firingoil tax , the paper discusses the influence of the coming firingoil tax in logistics industry and gives out the relevant countermeasures .	分析了火土税的功能 , 讨论了物流行业未来火灾税的影响 , 提出了相应的对策 。
as ken tucker wrote at the time: ''finally , in his greatest moments of grief and fury , he showed us the most vulnerable , despairing side of the man of action . ''	" 最后 , 肯·杜克尔写道: " 最后 , 在他最大的悲伤和愤怒时 , 他向我们展示了最脆弱的 , 绝望的行动的一面 。 "
handsome but also because of the floating children , had to rise in confidence , remembering their home made of silk and lu lin to discuss business , can open a silk line .	帅气但是因为漂浮孩子 , 必须在信心上升 , 记得家里由丝绸和路林讨论 , 可以开一丝丝绸线 。
adding leafy greens to a dish is an easy way to add color , flavor and nutrients , writes martha rose shulman in this week's recipes for health .	将叶绿添加到一个菜单上是一种容易加入颜色、味道和营养品的方式 , 在本周 , 玛丽莎·舒尔曼写道 。
from how to conduct yourself as an employee to what's considered competition , it's likely that you'll see something formalized about how the company views social media and your participation in it .	从如何把自己作为一个员工作为竞争对象的员工 , 你可能会看到公司的观点是如何正式化社会媒体和你的参与 。
the forest is fragrant , damp , and resonant . someone’s distant voice , someone’s protracted call or response reverberates marvelously in the far distant thickets .	森林是折叠、阻尼和谐振 。 有人远处的声音 , 有人承诺的声音 , 或者反应远处的距离厚度 。
mr . jobs , who was treated for pancreatic cancer five years ago , went on medical leave in midjanuary to receive a liver transplant after exhibiting noticeable weight loss .	乔布斯先生在1月中旬 , 在展示可见重量损失后接受肝移植后 , 五年前就诊了 。
this method improves the estimating precision of the point spread function . wiener filter is fabricated for recovering the defocused image based on the defocused point spread function .	该方法改进了点传播函数的估计精度 , 为基于焦点传播函数恢复重点图像的重点图像 , 制造了宽滤波器滤波器 。
actually , each chapter and each caption formed the integral framework that knowledge of whole horse sagacious nods , this frame basically is build by fundamental rise .	实际上 , 每个章节和每个节点都形成了整个马的整体框架 , 这基本上是由基本上升建立的 。
on this basis , it raises a query optimization model for oql by introducing some query theories of rdb into the query process of oodb , and gives its implement strategy .	在此基础上 , 通过引入某些查询理论将rdb引入oodb的查询优化模型 , 给出了其实现策略 。
the men with a genetic tendency toward lower bdnf levels seemed to lose their ability to perform complicated tasks at almost double the rate of the men without the variation .	bdnf水平下的基因趋势似乎失去了他们的能力 , 几乎两倍的男性没有变化的速率 。
it is because they are afraid that theprivate employer will cutdown onjobs and many people , especially those whoare used to getting their wageswithout doing any work will lose their jobs .	这是因为他们担心私人雇主将削减受伤者和许多人 , 尤其是那些经常获得工资的人们会失去他们的工作 。
similarly indicative of this seachange in government policy , the chinese government has announced it will to ban shops from giving away free plastic shopping bags , effective from june 2008 .	与政府政策相似 , 中国政府宣布 , 从2008年6月免费提供免费塑料购物袋的银行商品 。
studying representation method of fusee and small spindle part of the caseandknowledgebased , the described method of objected oriented of geometry feature and process feature information is built .	建立了基于病例和知识的小部分的研究表示方法 , 建立了基于几何特征的对象方法和过程特征信息的方法 。
last year , venturecapital firms invested $3 . 5 billion in u . s . alternativeenergy companies , while they invested only $330 million in chinese companies , ms . guzy said .	guzy说 , 去年 , 企业资本公司投资了35亿美元 , 同时他们只投资了33000万美元的中国企业 。
a component of the hals design is the spraycool multiplatform enclosure which enables the electronics to be located near the radar currently mounted on the front of the black hawk .	硬盘设计的组成部分是喷雾冷多平台封装 , 使电子设置在黑帽前面附近的雷达目前安装 。
it is representing the hope of tea person , representing china tea industry will more flourishing , the tea course of study of the motherland is sure to have more brilliant than former days tomorrow !	它代表着茶人希望 , 代表中国茶业将更加丰富 , 母亲的研究过程肯定比以前的日子更明显 。
an environmentallyfriendly antirusting coatings has been prepared , based on non toxic calcium phosphite as dominant antirust pigment and phosphates as auxiliary antirust pigment .	制备了一种环保友好的防锈涂料 , 基于非毒性磷酸钙作为主导抗锈涂料和磷酸盐作为辅助防锈涂料 。
according to the terrain and topographical features , the sandy land in beijing mainly were divided into three types that are mountain ground , the transition zone from hill to plain and plain .	根据地形特征和地形特征 , 北京沙地主要分为三种类型山地 , 山地转移区为平原和平原 。
the paper also presents the optimization principle of seismic features and the seismic feature optimization method based on gene tic algorithm in porosity prediction with cusi network .	本文还介绍了基于基因算法在基因算法中基于cusi网络对地震特征的优化原理及地震特征优化方法 。
when older adults cannot do the recommended amounts of physical activity due to health conditions , they should be as physically active as their abilities and conditions allow .	由于健康状况 , 老年成年人不能做到推荐的物理活动数量 , 因此他们应该作为他们的能力和条件的物理活动 。
lukacs exposed universal problems of verdinglichung and alienation in capitalist society from commodity and proved importance of its overall category from the opposite side .	卢克萨克斯在资本主义社会中暴露了普遍存在的问题 , 从商品性、证明了其整体范畴的重要性 。
fractal dimensions of the 200 biggest intercity bus hubs from 2000 to 2004 were 1 . 4862 to 1 . 5118 , and that is consistent with fractal dimensions of chinese urban system sizes .	20000年至2004年最大的城市总线hbs分形维度为1.4862到1.518 , 这与中国城市体系的分形维度一致 。
this paper tries to explore the phenomenon with the concepts of absolute poverty and relative poverty , and to elaborate this issue with a historical comparison of chinese and british society .	本文试图探讨绝对贫困和相对贫困的概念 , 阐述中英社会的历史比较 。
by the foundation of 2110 safety management mode , the basis of petrochina company limited safety management has become more strengthened and petrochina has achieved remarkable safety performances .	由于2110安全管理模式的基础 , 石油公司有限的安全管理已经成为更加强化和石油加固的安全性能 。
then based on the characteristic of reversible counter , fourvalued d flipflop was used as the core component to design fourvalued synchronous reversible counter which has reset function .	然后利用可逆对方的特点 , 采用四值dflipflopppppppppppppp作为核心组件设计四值同步可逆对策 , 设计了具有重复功能的可逆性对策 。
the court found ms deng guilty of causing injury with intent but freed her without a sentence on the grounds that a " mood disorder " absolved her of criminal responsibility .	法院发现 , 邓警方与内容造成伤害 , 却没有一句 " 情绪障碍 " 解决了她犯罪责任的句子 。
in addition to representing individuals who have been injured as a result of negligent medical treatment , we also represent the victims of health care fraud and hmo disputes .	除了被伤害的个人外 , 我们还代表了受伤的个人 , 因此 , 因此 , 我们也代表了健康护理诈骗和hmo争端的受害者 。
objective: to investigate the feasibility and potential roles of targetcontrolled propofol infusion in combination with enflurane inhalation in the oral and maxillofacial surgery .	目的:探讨目标控制的建议混凝剂的可行性和潜在作用在于口腔和颌面外科手术中的作用 。
the major findings of this research were listed as follows: the elementary school special education teachers in kaohsiung and pingtung areas were willing to use technology integration ;	本研究的主要研究成果是以下:高中专业教育专业教师和平城地区的技术集成 ;
rob patz , kristen stewart and the rest of the gang are already filming the third movie in the twilight series eclipse in canada . eclipse is due out in may 2010 .	罗伯·帕茨 , 克里斯蒂瓦特和其余的球员已经在加拿大的第三部电影中拍摄了第三部电影 。 eclipse在2010年5月出现 。
article 16 the state science and technology commission shall , jointly with other departments concerned , inspect at regular intervals the new and high technology industries development zones .	第十六条国家科技委员会应当与其他部门关注 , 规范间谍检查新技术产业发展区 。
the influences of managerial culture on employee's work motivations are regarded widely , but there isn't an exercisable framework on relations between culture and work motivations till now .	经营文化对员工工作动机的影响广泛 , 但目前尚未存在一个可行的框架 。
it is tough work for the multinational crew of 30 in this roughandready little boat , prettified below deck with posters of orangutans and sunflowers painted in the toilets .	在这艘粗糙的船上 , 为30名多国际船员做了艰难的工作 , 前面有橘子和太阳花在厕所画的地方 。
gold has weakened its link to other commodities this year , managing to rise strongly in the first half while oil and copper slipped . this reflects its increasing value as a currency play .	黄金今年将其与其他商品的联系减弱 , 经营第一半的石油和铜滑动 , 这反映了它的价值作为货币运动的增加 。
they're breaking out of the conventional life pattern go to school , fall in love , get married , buy a house , have babies...instead , they've skipped some steps and added others .	他们正在从传统生活模式中断出来 , 去爱 , 结婚 , 买房子 , 还有婴儿...相反 , 他们已经跳了一些步骤 , 加上其他人 。
chained data structure keep hitset by its llength . it does not need to create ancestor nodes , so it can reduce the saving of none hitset and the room of matching the patterns .	链接的数据结构保持着它的屏幕 , 它不需要创建祖先节点 , 因此它可以减少节省noitset和匹配模式的房间 。
once you're in proper position you need to relax your drawingside arm muscles . remember that this is easiest when your drawwrist is kept straight and forearm muscles are relaxed .	一旦你在适当的位置 , 你需要放松你的手臂肌肉 , 记住 , 当你的画面腕保持直线和前臂肌肉时 , 这很容易 。
separately , toyota said monday it has expanded a u . s . service campaign for leaking oil hoses to cover 934 , 000 vehicles with sixcylinder engines .	另外 , 丰田周一说 , 它已经扩大了一个美国的服务运动 , 为了泄漏油站覆盖934 , 000辆车 , 拥有六缸发动机 。
but it it requires that i pull out a book to understand more of the topic , or exchange numerous emails with the sender to figure out more details about the problem , i simply do not have the time .	然而 , 要求我推出一本书来理解更多的话题 , 或者与发送者交流许多电子邮件来解决问题的细节 , 我只是没有时间 。
in the current issue of natural history , yale professor frank a . beach tells how lower primates can learn to love money ; some even turn into subhuman capitalists .	在当前的自然历史问题中 , yale教授弗兰克·a.海滩讲述了如何下降的原因能学到爱金 , 有些甚至转变成亚uman资本家 。
getting independent news from north korea is extremely rare but china correspondent damian grammaticas has travelled to the border to meet north koreans who have recently escaped .	从朝鲜获得独立的消息非常罕见 , 但中国相应的大坝语法学家已经旅行到了近日逃离北韩的边界 。
therefore , in order to ensure to fairly deal with cases of arbitration , national arbitration legislation and civil legislation , all have the system of judicial supervision of arbitral awards .	因此 , 为了确保与仲裁案件相关 , 国家仲裁立法和民事立法相关 , 都有仲裁审判制度 。
his father , alois , is thought to have been the illegitimate offspring of a maid and a 19yearold jewish man . this would have made the man who inspired the holocaust onequarter jewish .	他的父亲阿洛伊斯认为已经是一个女性和一个19岁的犹太人 , 这使得这个男人激励了一个星期犹太人 。
rights groups say government troops killed at least 41 civilians tuesday throughout syria , including 20 in an assault on the central protest hub of helfaya .	权利组织表示 , 政府部队在周二至少有41名民事部队死亡 , 其中包括20名在高尔法亚中心抗议中心抗议丈夫 。
a local official tells the newspaper that in response to demand , the oneday tour will include a visit to beichuan high school , where students were buried in the rubble .	地方官员告诉报纸 , 要求回应的报纸 , 一天的旅行将包括访问北川高中 , 学生被埋在垃圾中 。
as luck would have it , there happens to be a woman out there named belle with a heart big enough to share with unfortunatelooking people such as the beast , and she's not too bad to look at either .	就像幸运一样 , 有一个女人在那里被称为 " 心 " 的女人分享足够大的能力 , 比如野兽 , 她也不会太糟糕 。
if only the xmx setting is used , 25% of the xmx value is used for the maximum nursery size , and the size of the nursery is permitted to grow and shrink within that 25% .	如果只使用xmx设置 , xmx值25%的xmx值被用于最大护理尺寸 , 而护理尺寸则允许在25%内生长和缩短 。
the other is a conflict that america did not seek ; one in which we are joined by 42 other countries including norway in an effort to defend ourselves and all nations from further attacks .	另一方面是美国并没有寻求的冲突 , 其中一个是42个国家 , 包括挪威在努力保护自己和所有国家进一步攻的努力 。
one dollar store had not open yet , so i went into no frills . its dish detergent was expensive , so i picked up two cups of yogurt and told the cashier gave me some quarters .	还有一家美元商店还没有开放 , 所以我没有进入冰箱里 , 它的碟子消退费用昂贵 , 所以我拿了两杯yogurt , 告诉caser给我一些季度 。
in the framework of this request , cen and cenelec will develop one or several horizontal standard containing generic requirements applicable to various types of energyrelated products .	在本要求的框架下 , cen和cenelec将开发一个或几个水平的标准包含通用要求 , 适用于各种类型的能源相关产品 。
the method is divided into two working procedures when in the lighting wheel integrated processing , i . e . , the surface cut is a former procedure and the extrusion processing is a latter procedure .	该方法分为光轮集成加工过程中两种工作程序 , 表面切削是前程序 , 挤出加工是后期的过程 。
blake said that on june 2 there will be both privatesector and government meetings , including the u . s . india business council , which will be holding its 35th annual meeting .	布莱克说 , 在6月2日 , 印度商务委员会将有私人投资者和政府会议 , 其中包括印度商务委员会 , 这将持有35个年度会议 。
telemarketers will not be permitted to call any of the numbers on the national donotcall list , unless they already have an existing business relationship with the consumer or individual .	电信市场不会被允许在国家董事会列表上调用任何数字 , 除非他们已经与消费者或个人有现有的业务关系 。
brazil's drought is limited to isolated areas ; with the exception of rio grande do sul and parana , where irreversible damage appears to be widespread throughout the state .	巴西的干旱有限于孤立的区域 ; 除了里约大陆的苏尔和巴拉那外 , 在那里 , 没有可逆的伤害似乎在全国范围广泛 。
an even more hazardous device , popular in america , was the instantaneous light boxa bottle filled with sulphuric acid into which splints treated with chemicals were dipped .	一个更加危险的装置 , 美国流行 , 是用硫酸填充的瞬时光盒子瓶装满了硫酸 , 把化学物分裂成的硫酸分裂 。
and in the dream she was told by a lady by the name of nice virtures accomplished that some tibetans could also see the contents of the website in the lake just as through a computer monitor screen .	在梦中 , 她被一个很漂亮的病毒名称所告诉的女士说 , 有些藏族也可以看到湖边的网站内容 , 只是通过计算机监视屏幕来看 。
tacit knowledge is the highly individual knowledge that has accumulated a wealth of experience and can't make a systematic exposition , that is , can be sensed , but not explained in words .	任务知识是高度个人知识 , 积累了经验丰富的个人知识 , 无法制造系统的暴露 , 这就可以感受到感觉 , 但不能解释在词中 。
this type of scenario usually occurs when clevel executives who want to drive business and it change across the enterprise provide proactive sponsorship to aid their strategic agendas .	这种类型的场景通常发生在那些想驱动业务的c级执行官时 , 而且它更改了企业提供积极的赞助来帮助他们的战略议程 。
utilising wild country's 'extended eps system' – the 360 offers market leading front , side and rear impact protection , making it one of the safest helmets available .	利用野生国家的 " 扩展eps系统 " -360年提供市场前沿、侧面和后面冲击 , 使它成为最安全的helmets之一 。
beijing ya wen sheng ya painting art sales center was founded in 1995 , hall established the world's largest artist communitiesbeijing songzhuang artist village .	1995年 , 北京文雅画艺术销售中心成立于1995年 , 大厅建立了世界上最大的艺术家宋庄艺术家村 。
membership in oaspa is open to both scholar publishers and professional publishing organizations , including university presses and for profit and nonprofit organizations .	奥萨巴会成员开放到学术出版商和专业出版社 , 包括大学出版社和非盈利组织 。
these specialists know how to operate the diagnostic and treatment equipment used in that particular branch of medicine , but they are also trained in emergency intervention techniques such as cpr .	这些专家知道如何在医药的特殊分支中运行诊断和治疗设备 , 但他们也被训练在紧急干预技术如cpr 。
the waterfire tube boiler with threestructure assembling is a new idea of dzl type hot water boilers . twostep series inject technology is applied in this type boiler recently .	最近 , 采用三结构组装的水火管锅炉是dzl型热水锅炉的新思想 , 双步喷射技术在此类锅炉中应用 。
six months later , donations allow a bridge to be built between the two mountains and wawa finally gets to walk to school , wearing the boots his sister wanted to give to him .	六个月后 , 捐赠允许一座桥梁建在两座山之间 , 华终于走到学校 , 穿着他的姐想给他 。
the cold spell in the northwestern cupped both the invasion and retain a subtropical air temperature and humidity , is a typical north to the warm temperate subtropical climate transition .	西北地区的寒热喷射都将侵入和保留亚热带空气温度和湿度 , 是温暖的亚热带气候变化的典型北方 。
it is studied further that the dissolubility of the bismuthous sulfide in the solutions of the nonoxidative strong acid through the experiment by means of chemical thermodynamics .	进一步研究了利用化学热力学方法对非氧化强酸解决方案的溶解性 。
this paper analyses the reason , harm and forming process distortion of the rotor winding on the end of turbogenerators with various kinds in frequent cyclic operation and suggests preventive measure .	本文分析了转子束绕的原因、危害和形成过程的变形过程 , 结合各种不同的循环操作 , 建议预防措施 。
mcdonald's spokeswoman told the wall street journal last week the company couldn't rule out the possibility of replacing osi as a supplier over the long term .	mcdonald的发言人上周告诉华尔街日报说 , 该公司不能规定取代osi的可能性 。
as a rule , the trend will turn up in the middle of the third week and close higher at the end of the third week , the stock only moving 3 weeks against the main trend .	随着规则 , 第三周中期的趋势将在第三周中期 , 第三周末 , 股票只有3周的反对主要趋势 。
cla shows a remarkable anticancer effect and offers other nutritional benefits . this paper discusses cla's multiple physiological multifunctionality and its pathogenesis .	介绍了一种显著的抗癌效果 , 提供其它营养效益 , 讨论了cla多功能多功能性及其病因生成 。
japan's osaka sangyo university released an official apology on june 10 because one employee called the confucius institute a cultural intelligence agency .	日本osakasangyo大学在6月10日发布了正式的道歉 , 因为一个员工称为孔子学院文化智能机构 。
the first stirrings of a backlash have already been felt about the socalled " olympic lanes " that will whisk 18 , 000 athletes and officials around the capital during the games .	在比赛期间 , " 奥运巷 " 的第一个搅拌已经感觉到了所谓的 " 奥运巷 " , 这将是18万名运动员 , 000名运动员和官员 。
there was very significant difference in bacteria number between group i and group ii . the efficacy of cleaning hand with xiaodulin was obviously superior to that of washing hand with suds .	组i组与组i组间细菌数量的差异很显著 , 清洗手效果明显优于洗手的效果 。
in a young woman with no physical findings indicating malignancy , the patient should return 3 to 10 days after the next menstruation begins to determine if the lump regresses .	在年轻的妇女中 , 没有物理发现显示恶性 , 病人应该回到3至10天之后 , 接下来的男性开始确定肺回归的情况 。
comprehensive randomized controlled spa intervention studies with longer followup periods may be helpful in further delineating the therapeutic efficacy of balneotherapy in as patients .	综合随机控制的空间干预研究 , 随访时间长 , 可能有助于进一步探讨血管疗效的临床疗效 。
i understand that in all circumstances during the period of my stay in chinaas a volunteer , the sowers action will not be held liable for any issues or incidents arose out of my other capacities .	我明白 , 在我留在中国的一位志愿者期间 , 解决办公室行动不会对任何问题或事件进行责任 。
one of the most handy menu entries in gnome is the connect to server entry in the places menu . this allows the user to connect to nearly any type of server quickly and easily .	在gnome中最好的菜单项之一是服务器进入的连接 , 这允许用户连接几乎任何类型服务器快速和简单 。
at the foot of the mountains , international kindergarten attached to sun yatsen university is situated in a pleasant environment with a good view of fabulous sights .	在山脚上 , 国际幼儿园附近太阳雅典大学的国际幼儿园位于一个愉悦的环境中 , 具有良好的观点 。
conclusions . use of 3 induced sputum samples was more sensitive than use of 3 gastric washings for diagnosis of tuberculosis in patients who could not expectorate spontaneously .	结论:3例诱导的痰样品的使用率比3例胃洗涤治疗不能自发预期的结核病人更敏感 。
his eastern policies mainly focused on alliances with tartars of mongolia , aiming to consolidate its position of power within rus and gain stable status during the fight against the west .	他的东方政策主要集中在蒙古的同盟上 , 旨在巩固其在俄罗斯和赢得稳定的地位 。
we took lots of pictures as we drove through texas , new mexico , arizona , california , nevada , utah , colorado , nebraska , and all the way into minnesota .	我们在德克萨斯、新墨西哥、亚利桑那州、内瓦达州、乌拉多州、尼布拉多州、尼布拉斯加州等方面采取了许多图片 。
but it reflects the fact that , like past world’s fairs , the shanghai expo is intended mainly to impress a domestic audience – well over 90 percent of visitors come from the host country .	但是它反映了过去世界公平的事实 , 上海公开主要是印象一个国内观众 , 90%的访问者来自主机国家 。
on the day of the marathon i started well , but after half marathon i developed muscle cramps on both legs which caused me to fall on the tarmac , which caused my right knee to be badly bruised .	在马拉松的一天我开始很好 , 但是经过半个马拉松我在两条腿上开发了肌肉裂纹 , 导致我正确的膝盖造成严重的破坏 。
two israelis , shai pollicker , a medical engineer , and dr . edy soffer , a prominent gastroenterologist , joined a seattlebased engineering team to help with the design .	以色列两名以色列人陕波利克博士 , 一名医疗工程师埃德·索夫博士 , 是一名著名的气体生物学家 , 加入了一个基于satle的工程团队来帮助设计 。
phoebe looks out the window dubiously . “this reminds me of that movie where the family in an rv pulls into a little town and the mutants come out at night and eat them . ”	凤凰看着窗户 , " 这提醒我那部电影中的家庭在一个小镇里拉进一个小镇 , 突变者晚上吃 。 "
based on the implementation of a strategy aimed at technological innovation , china should step up exploration and development in order to secure more reserves and to reduce exposure to oil imports .	根据技术创新策略的实施 , 我国应采取更多的勘探和发展 , 以保证更多的储备 , 降低油进口的暴露 。
witnesses and security camera video of the gunmen built a portrait of them as young men dressed in jeans and trendy tshirts , bearing rucksacks and guns .	目击者和安全摄像机视频 , 枪手建立了一支肖像 , 因为年轻人穿着牛仔裤和潮湿的t恤 , 轴承rucksack和枪 。
one generalpurpose eigenvalue routine , a singleshift complex qz algorithm not in linpack or eispack , was developed for all complex and generalized eigenvalue problems .	针对lpack或eispack的单转变qz算法 , 开发了一般的生成价值路由 , 为所有复杂、普遍化的生成价值问题提出了一种复杂的方法 。
in the recent years , researchers have made their studies of european work satisfaction from its relation with work agreement , worktime , marriage and family status , gender and age , and work autonomy .	近年来 , 研究人员对欧洲工作满意度、工作时间、婚姻状况、性别和年龄的关系进行了研究 。
wellheeled shoppers and alfresco diners keep the place busy until late , and if you are looking for a memorable meal or a browse through some of shanghai's more fashionable shops , this is the place .	购物者和阿尔弗雷斯科餐厅一直忙碌 , 直到晚些时尚的地方 , 如果你正在寻找一个可记忆的食物或者浏览上海的一些商店 , 这是这个地方 。
in order to improve the production efficiency of the clothing manufacturing industry , it must combine the body measure , pattern design and clothing making of traditional clothing production .	为了提高服装制造业的生产效率 , 必须结合身体测量、模式设计和服装制造传统服装生产 。
the related expenses incurred for the transfer of technology will not be qualified as tax deduction items unless the corresponding contract is approved by the relevant authorities .	除非相关机构批准合同 , 技术转移的相关费用将不会作为税收破产项目的相关费用 。
currently the mixing proportion of shieldmortar usually use orthogonal test , the shortcomings of which lie in the need of lots of experiments and inevitable much waste of time and money .	目前盾牌的混合比例通常使用正交测试 , 其中存在很多实验和可避免的时间和钱的需求短缺 。
among sugarsweetened beverages , cutting out just 1 serving daily was associated with a weight loss of 1 . 1 pounds at 6 months and 1 . 4 pounds at 18 months .	在糖尿饮料中 , 每天只有1磅的饮料中 , 每天的饮料减少了1.1磅 , 18个月和1.4磅 。
china has very serious disaster of frozen and permafrost , therefore , effective and longterm monitor of frozen and permafrost is significant to provide reference information for potential disaster .	因此 , 中国有很严重的冻结和渗透霜的灾害 , 有效和长期监测冻结和渗透霜的长期监测对潜在灾害提供参考资料 。
the biological features of lycopene , such as molecular structure , metabolism , tissue distribution and its anti cancer function and possible mechanism are reviewed .	综述了lcopene的生物学特点 , 如分子结构、代谢、组织分布及其抗癌功能及可能机制 。
results: the direct manifestations included bile duct truncation in 9 cases , irregular eccentrical or endocentric narrow in 9 cases , and irregular filling defect in 1 case .	结果:直接表现为9例 , 无规则的中心或内心狭窄9例 , 1例无规则填充缺陷 。
editra allows you to navigate menus without mousing with its menu mnemonics , automatically checks for updates during startup and allows you to set preferred fonts in your preferences .	编辑器允许您在启动期间自动检查更新时 , 并允许您设置优惠的字体 。
the simulated high head with large vertical velocity of gravitycurrent , the large velocity of underrun and the dense isentropes in the front are closely consistent with those observed .	采用大型垂直速度模拟高的重力电流 , 运行速度大 , 前面的密度异常与观察者密切相吻合 。
proponents of gm foods argue using biotechnology in the production of food products has many benefits: it speeds up the process of breeding plants and animals with desired characteristics ;	利用生物技术在食品产品中使用gm食品的成分有很多好处:它加快了种植物和动物的过程 ;
called up for military service , mr . marokvia spent the war as an illustrator for the wehrmacht , applying brush and pencil in ukraine , italy , finland and yugoslavia .	马克维亚先生为乌克兰、意大利、芬兰和伊格鲁斯拉维亚打电话 , 把战争当作一个插图者 。
the stronger one must drive out the devil with beelzebub , as the saying goes , to present a dose of countermagic in order to neutralize and overcome that which supports established rule .	更强的是 , 要与贝尔兹布布布斯的魔鬼驱动魔鬼 , 正如说去 , 提出了一种反魔法 , 为了中化和克服那些支持建立规则的支持 。
it follows that there is an absolute artistic criterion which means that the unique feelings of every individual is empathized by every other individual through images that can't be duplicated .	随着艺术标准 , 有一个绝对的艺术标准 , 意味着每个人的独特感受都是通过图像不能复制的 。
iran said the worm was used to attack computers at its bushehr nuclear reactor . there has been widespread speculation that stuxnet actually damaged the plant , something iran denies .	伊朗说 , 这些虫子被用来攻击它的巴赫核反应堆的电脑 , 已经有广泛的预测 , 实际上已经破坏了该植物 , 一些伊朗否认的东西 。
compared with chaos shift keying , mdcsk has an advantage that multilevel digital signals can be encrypted , by using multiscroll encryption parameters .	与混沌转移关键相比 , mdcsk具有多层数字信号可加密的优点 , 利用多辊加密参数 。
this paper explores key issues related to innovation in libraries including the nature , the barriers , and the nays to adopt and implement innovative strategies successfully .	本文对图书馆创新的关键问题进行了探讨 , 包括自然、障碍、海军和实施创新策略的研究 。
the code from hsqldbutil . runscripttool was refactored to create a method named launch , which gets the project , main class name and commandline arguments as method parameters .	从hsqldbutil.runscriptool的代码拒绝创建一个名为启动的方法 , 获得项目、主类名称和命令行参数作为方法参数 。
russia's twotime olympic pole vault champion and world record holder yelena isinbayeva announced early sunday she is to take an indefinite break from the sport .	俄罗斯的两次奥林匹克奥运会和世界纪录的奥运会在周日早些时候宣布她是从运动中采取无限的破坏 。
trade secrets law can be regarded as the interests distribution and juristic selections and integration between public interests of the society and the monopoly interests of trade secrets owners .	贸易秘密法可以被视为社会利益的利益分配和司法选择与公共利益之间共同融合 , 以及贸易秘密的垄断利益 。
taliban fighters appear to have been prepared to blow up large numbers of people in order to assassinate a single target , such as a highranking government official or police chief .	塔利班战斗机似乎已经准备把大量人吹起来 , 以避免单一目标 , 例如高级政府官员或警察部长 。
soft x ray microscopy is a microimaging technique using soft x ray as illuminative source . it fills the gap between optical and electron microscopy .	软x射线显微镜是用软x射线作为光源的微成像技术 , 填充光学和电子显微镜之间的差距 。
weifang threepower group co . , ltd . is a high and new technology manufacturer , which professionally manufacture tobacco extracts , solanesol and nicotine two big series .	福阳三能集团有限公司是一家高新技术制造商 , 专业生产烟草提取物 , 索兰醇和尼古丁两大系列 。
in order to improve the correct rate of eye locating , an algorithm for the refinement of face boundaries and a multilevel eye detection scheme are included in this method .	为了提高眼睛位置的正确率 , 为了提高脸边界精炼的方法和多层眼检测方案 。
abstract : objective oral mucosa irritation and subcutaneous implantation tests were launched to study the histocompatibility of microarc oxidized zrcualag bulk metallic glass .	摘要:开展客观口腔黏膜灌溉和子颈移植试验 , 研究微卡氧化zrg大型金属玻璃的组织兼容性 。
former arsenal midfielder gilberto has tipped denilson , his successor in the heart of the gunners' midfield , to receive a callup from the brazil national team .	前阿森纳中场吉尔伯托在枪手中场的胜利中场 , 获得巴西国家队的选手丹利森 。
among the few c . i . a . officials who knew thedetails of the detention and interrogation program , there was a tense debateabout where to draw the line in terms of treatment .	在少数的c.i.a官员中 , 知道拘留和识别项目的详细信息的官员中 , 有一个紧张的辩论机 , 在那里绘制治疗线 。
the opening titles inform us that in 1860 , after the collapse of the tokugawa dynasty , samurai were left unemployed and wandered the countryside in search of work .	1860年 , 开放的名字告诉我们 , 在东京的崩溃之后 , 萨姆拉伊被失业 , 并在寻找工作的国家 。
i feel much gratitude and deeply indebted to the grand master for his vision , devotion , dana , and diligence to bring buddhism to the u . s . a . and to all sentient beings .	我感受到很多激情 , 深深深地对他的视觉、偏见、dana和尊严给美国带来佛教 , 并且对所有的句子都有一定的影响 。
simon ellson , a security expert for antivirus computer firm norton , emphasised that it's crucial to change passwords frequently and avoid repetitions in them .	西蒙·埃尔森是抗病毒电脑公司诺顿的安全专家 , 强调了改变密码频繁并避免重复的关键 。
through experimental measurements , the surface treatment of steel smoke is only 0 . 008 relative reflectance , absorption device can be used as ideal inside coating material .	通过实验测量 , 钢烟表面处理仅为0.008相对反射 , 吸收装置可作为内涂料的理想使用 。
jing literary school's imagery is a special flay phenomenon in the stage of china traditional culfure's changing into modem culture , and it has a special aesthetic value .	京文学院的形象是中国传统自治时期的特殊平坦现象 , 具有特殊的审美价值 。
the feudal provincial system is the original creation of han wudi on the basis of the successful experiences of the systems for supervision and control of the officials in qin and han dynasties .	封建省制度是汉武迪最初创造的基础 , 是秦汉代官员监督和控制官员的成功经验 。
after the meeting , another blogger , zhou shuguang , shared his impressions: 'it shows that the u . s . government and beijing have totally different ways of working . in the u . s .	在会议之后 , 周淑光分享了他的印象: " 这表明美国政府和北京已经完全不同的工作方式 。
to promote the applications of ferrites in those areas , it is necessary to synthesize monodisperse superparamagnetic nanostructured ferrites particles with high saturation magnetization .	为了促进铁矿在这些领域的应用 , 必须合成单体超临界纳米结构的铁矿粒 , 具有高饱和磁化的颗粒 。
methods examine the 34 patients with ultrasonic b and the mirror for anterior chamber angle , then extractive the foreign body in the anterior chamber angle under the eye speculum .	方法对34例超声波b和前室角的镜像进行检查 , 然后在前室角下提取外体 。
malaysian prime minister abdullah badawi is facing calls for his resignation , after his ruling coalition lost critical ground to opposition parties in general elections .	马来西亚总理阿卜杜拉·巴达维正面临辞职的呼吁 , 他的统治联盟失去了一般选举中反对党的关键地点 。
in the movie before the rain , the photographer who has gone through the difficulties of war in bosniaherzogovina utters nonsense as he throws away the film which won him an award .	在电影之前 , 摄影师在波斯尼亚戈维纳的战争中经历了很多困难的战争 , 因为他把这部电影扔掉 , 赢得了他奖励的影片 。
in this paper , the structureactivity relationships and pharmacological properties of the resveratrol derivatives as a potent chemopreventive agent are reviewed and discussed .	本文综述了转化rol衍生物的结构活性关系及药理特性 , 作为一种潜在的化学预防剂 。
article 399 agent's obligation to follow instruction ; deviation from instruction the agent shall handle the entrusted affair in accordance with the instruction of the principal .	第三十九条代理人遵循指令的义务 ; 按照原则的指令指令的指令 , 应当按照指令处理信托事务 。
since then , our bilateral relations have made remarkable achievements thanks to efforts of both sides . the two countries have had frequent contacts at the top and other levels .	自从那以来 , 我们的双边关系使两方的成就感谢双方努力 , 两国在顶部和其他级别有频繁的接触 。
in recent years , radix puerariae powder , whose comprehensive value in use has been improved gradually became significant officinal and raw material for industry production .	近年来 , radixpueriae粉末 , 其综合价值已经逐步提高了工业生产的官方和原材料 。
the enlistment of a citizen eligible for enlistment may be deferred if he is the only worker in his family providing its means of substance or if he is a student in a fulltime school .	如果他是他的家庭唯一的工人 , 或者是一个全职学校的学生 , 他的家庭工作人员也许会被授予 。
as a result , the thick of branches has great effect on youg trees . it has direct relation with its survival rate , growing conditions as well as commercial rate of young fig trees .	结果 , 分支的厚度对青春树有较大的影响 , 与其生存率直接关系 , 生长条件和年轻人物树的商业率有较大的影响 。
this study described the quantitative simulation of exciting conduction velocity affection on cardiac rhythm with three dimensions realistic torsoheart geometry models .	本文介绍了三维现实扭心几何模型激励传感速度对心脏节奏的定量仿真模拟 。
two kinds of typical clonal growth architectures , guerilla and phalanx in potaninia mongolica maxim . , which are regarded as the best material in researching clone population .	两种典型的克隆生长架构、古拉拉和法兰克斯在波坦尼亚蒙古地区 , 被视为克隆人口研究最佳材料 。
libeskind is the master planner behind the redevelopment of new york's world trade center site , which is expected to face years of delays and significant cost overruns .	libeskind是纽约世界贸易中心的重新开发的主计划者 , 预计将面临多年的延迟和重大成本超越运行 。
the glass free ampoule is comprised of a onepiece molded polyethylene or polypropylene unit that remains intact and sealed until activated by the user .	玻璃免费amule包含一个pice模拟聚乙烯或聚丙烯单元 , 直到被用户激活 , 直到保持完整和密封 。
aiming at the problems in chinese medicine education at that time , " the letter from five wellknown scholars " was an effort to keep the principal part nature of chinese medicine education .	针对当时中国医学教育的问题 , " 五名著名学者 " 信是保持中医教育的主要部分性质的努力 。
joel and rachel hoffman , who had been working for the charity mennonite central committee in the country for four months , suffered minor injuries in the earthquake .	乔尔和霍夫曼在四个月内工作了慈善男性中心委员会的工作 , 遭受了少数伤害 。
compared with that of the world , china's incidence of tooth decay is not high among students of primary and secondary schools . more prominent however , is the lack of its timely treatment .	与此相比 , 中国的牙齿衰退的发生率不高于初级和二级学校的学生 , 更突出的是其缺乏时间处理 。
the u . s . population has been growing about 1 percent yearly since 1950 , and nearly 40 percent of that growth is due to foreignborn individuals coming into the united states .	自1950年以来 , 美国人口增长了1% , 近40% , 由于外国人口进入美国 。
noneuro countries highlighted the damage the european crisis was already doing to their economies and underlined the urgent need for action by the 17nation single currency area .	没有欧洲危机的损害已经提高了欧洲危机的损害 , 并且通过17个国家单一货币区对其经济做出了明确的迫切要求 。
apparent nitrogen digestibility exhibits quadratic curve relationship with dietary ip levels and the highest n digestibility occurs in 18 . 07% ip diet .	18.07%的ip饮食饮食水平和最高的n消化率在18.07%的ip饮食中出现了二次曲线关系 。
" in addition , gillian also revealed that during the visit , at all shooting off in many films , most enjoy are " beyond our ken " , she even had the film was nominated for best actress golden .	" 此外 , 吉利亚还揭示 , 在很多电影中 , 大多数喜欢 " 超越我们的肯 " , 她甚至有了最好的女演员金 。
rc has always been steadily developing and abided the principle of winwin . in the variational industry and market , they are trying to take on flourishing vigor and a steady ascend .	rc总是稳步发展 , 制定了赢得的原则 , 在变化产业和市场中 , 他们正试图采取花费的活力和稳定的提升 。
other presidents , notably lincoln , were prepared in emergency circumstances to violate the constitution , as when lincoln suspended habeas corpus at the outset of the civil war ;	其他总统林肯在应急情况下制备出来违反宪法 , 就像林肯悬挂在民间战争的时候 ;
american said in the u . s . borrow money on life , the car can not sell because the old lady and filled with goose six " economic crisis " is finally the haze has been wiped out .	美国人说 , 美国在生命上借钱 , 汽车不能卖掉 , 因为老太太太太太了 , 还有六个 " 经济危机 " 最终被破坏了 。
we need to make clear the connection between animal research and a grandmother's hip replacement , a father's bypass operation a baby's vaccinations , and even a pet's shots .	我们需要清楚动物研究与祖母hip取代之间的联系 , 父亲的副手术是婴儿的疫苗 , 甚至是宠物的照片 。
conclusion:the risk factors for graft failure after pk were corneal vascularization , regraft , aphakia or pseudophakia , presence of anterior or posterior synechia .	结论:pk术后移植失败的危险因素是角膜血管化、移植、食管炎或伪痛 , 预后或后同步症的存在 。
almost everything in this temple of consumption , including its lavish layouts and the celebrities who now most often adorn its covers , 35 ) hinges on stuff for sale .	在这个寺庙里几乎所有的东西 , 包括它的劳动布局和现在大多数经常装饰其覆盖的品牌 , 35 ) 按照销售 。
" virtually every part of the industry , from upstream to downstream , is completely indonesian: the farmers , the factory owners and workers , the distributors , the sellers and the market , " he said .	他说: " 事实上 , 从上游到下游的每一部分 , 都是印尼人:农民、工厂、工厂、销售商、销售商和市场 。 "
milan are not dismantling . until today , aside from others who didn't play much , players like emerson and senderos have left , as well as shevchenko and mattioni who haven't been reclaimed .	米兰在今天没有失望 。 除非其他人没有打多少球员 , 比如艾默森和传奇球员离开 , 还有谢文科和马里没有被重新宣布 。
by analyzing cases of landscape architecture design , the meaning of literature rhetoric which is used for reference is illustrated , such as hyperbole , figuration and symbolization .	通过对景观建筑设计的案例分析 , 阐述了引用文献流变学的意义 , 如高波、融合和符号化等 。
in order to donate pollen to recipient stigmas efficiently , animalpollinated plants have evolved a variety of floral characteristics . pollen presentation schedule is one of them .	为了有效地捐赠花粉 , 动物污染植物已经进化了各种颜色特征 , 花粉展示计划是其中之一 。
i admit that i was disappointed to read the uefa motivations after they decided to readmit us to the tournament , but i don't believe that we will encounter any additional obstacle for this reason .	我承认 , 在他们决定读到我们参加赛之后 , 我很失望读到uefa动机 , 但我不相信我们会遇到任何额外的障碍 。
penny hardaway scored 22 points , including the gamewinning shot with three seconds left , as the orlando magic defeated the defending champion houston rockets 9290 .	潘尼·赫德纳韦22分 , 包括3秒左右的比赛赢得了比赛 , 因为奥兰多魔术击败了9290战胜的冠军火箭 。
" people who would otherwise be in cds or ultrasafe assets are taking greater risks , " says martin fridson , global credit strategist , bnp paribas investment partners .	全球信贷策略师martinfridson说: " 否则在cds或超安全资产的人们正在采取更大的风险 。 "
one of them is land for unused , which will increase the forest coverage rate 4 . 1 percentage points . waterfront , roads , farmland and other green potential between 1 . 919 . 27 percentage points .	其中一个是不用的土地 , 将增加森林覆盖率为4.1% , 水面前 , 路面 , 农田和其他绿色潜力的1.919.27% 。
in the case of the novelists , the romantic vision tended to express itself in the form hawthorne called the " romance , " a heightened , emotional , and symbolic form of the novel .	在小说家的情况下 , 浪漫视觉倾向于表达自己称为 " 浪漫浪漫 " 、情感和象征形式的小说 。
" the most successful one was the first that was held in houston , texas in 2005 , during which we received more than us$20 million , " lang recalled , " the number exceeded all our expectations . "	" 最成功的是2005年在德克萨斯州休斯顿举行的第一次 , 在我们收到了2000万美元 , " 兰回忆道 , " 这个数字超过了我们的期望 。
" really , it's nothing now for me to deal with these small injuries like hamstring or groin strains – i can understand them , " the 26yearold told the official matchday programme .	" 实际上 , 现在我没有什么事情 , 就像汉姆string或groin株这样的小伤害 , 我可以理解他们 , " 26岁的官方匹配节目说 。
from aix 5 . 2 , setting n to b or higher changes the memory layout — it no longer uses segments d and f for shared libraries and allows them to be used for native storage or mmapping .	从aix5.2 , 设置n到b或更高的更改内存布局--它不再使用分割库和f共享库 , 允许它们用于本地存储或mmapping 。
but now , if we were to fix upon this one aspect of the counter culture — its mystic tendencies and principled funkiness — we would not be doing justice to the deep ambiguity of the movement .	但是现在 , 如果我们正在修复这个反文化的某个方面 , 它的神秘倾向和原则的乐趣是我们不会对运动深刻的公平做正义 。
the houston metro system has successfully tested the breathe safe system , which uses ultraviolet germicidal irradiation to kill up to 99 percent of certain types of bacteria .	该系统成功地测试了呼吸系统 , 利用紫外线杀虫剂辐射杀死99%的某些细菌 。
but although justice souter's dedication and integrity were beyond reproach , his hermetically sealed approach to the job limited his influence on the court and outside of it .	但是 , 尽管司法官的辩护和完整性已经超越了复苏 , 他的遗传封闭法律限制了他对法院外的影响 。
eat: food rich in this mineral and therefore beneficial for arians to include in their diet are: tomatoes , beans , brown rice , lentils , walnuts , olives and onions .	吃:在这种矿物中富含食物 , 因此有利于亚洲人饮食中包括:番茄 , 豆 , 棕色米 , 柠檬 , 橄榄和洋葱 。
jennifer li , baidu's finance director , said: " baidu , the chinese music fans , recording artists and the record companies will all benefit from this winwin partnership . "	百度的财务总监jenniferli说: " 百度 , 中国音乐扇 , 记录艺术家和记录公司都会受益于这个赢得伙伴关系 。 "
for example , long distance telephone lines were expensive to install , and the first company to do so , a . t . &t . , wound up being the only provider of long distance service in the united states .	例如 , 长距离电话线的价格昂贵 , 第一家公司在美国唯一的远距离服务提供商 。
taking secondary board market as its researching object , the thesis analyzes the catalogs , characteristics and targets of trading mechanisms by means of theoretical and empirical perspectives .	本文以二级板市场作为研究对象 , 分析了交易机制的目标、特点和目标 , 运用理论和经验角度来分析交易机制的目标 。
patients in the immune clearance and reactivation phases , with elevated alanine aminotransferase and hbv dna levels , are candidates for antiviral therapy .	免疫清除和反应阶段患者 , 高氨基氨基氨基酶和hbvdna水平 , 是抗病毒治疗的候选人 。
at present , the little swan in the fourthclass city , second only to sales of haier , accounted for 13% , it is apparent that the company's future performance will be greatly improved .	目前 , 第四级城市的小天鹅 , 第二个只能销售海尔 , 占13% , 显然公司的未来性能将大大提高 。
the provisions of subparagraphs 1 , 13 and 19 of paragraph 1 need not apply where an issuer has engaged a securities underwriter to publicly underwrite its ordinary corporate bonds .	订阅1 , 1 , 13和19页的订阅规定不需要申请发行商在这里 , 发行商已经经营一个证券证券 , 以公开承认其普通公司债券 。
some things that we have left to do are for example jsp tag library support in gsp , possible support for jpa as a plugin , and improvements to our unit testing infrastructure .	在gsp中 , 我们留下的一些事情是例如jsp标记库支持gsp , 可能支持jpa作为插件 , 并对我们的单元测试基础设施进行改进 。
the product which has a rich flavour and buttery texture is traditionally a christmas delicacy in france , though it is eaten more widely in the south of the country throughout the year .	法国拥有丰富的风味和蝴蝶纹理的产品传统上是法国圣诞节美味 , 虽然在整年南方吃得更广泛 。
again this highlights the importance of decision making , composure and passing ability as the player will need to know when to run with the ball or get rid of it , careful not to be caught on the ball .	再次强调决策的重要性 , 组成性和传递能力 , 因为玩家需要知道球运行时 , 还需要知道 , 否则不要小心接受球 。
“sitting close to the television may not make a child nearsighted , but a child may sit close to the television because he or she is nearsighted and undiagnosed , ” she reports .	她报道: " 坐在电视台附近 , 孩子可能会坐在电视台上 , 因为他或她附近不诊断 , " 孩子们说 。
in order to cooperate happily , lou sheng promised to help kushima takahira out of baoding sales channels , to help lou sheng longping island boarded the baoding ruling position .	为了合作快乐 , 路沈承诺帮助库希玛·塔卡希拉出售渠道 , 以帮助路沈平长岛为基础的规定 。
the last time such a large ice island formed was in 1962 when the ward hunt ice shelf calved an island . smaller pieces of that chunk became lodged between real islands inside nares strait .	最后一次 , 在1962年形成的大冰岛 , 当爱德华·亨特·菲尔夫镇静了一个岛屿时 , 那块春岛的小片变成了在真正的岛之间 。
this article introduces the development and application test of japanese high performance industrial furnaces , such as reheating furnace , heat treatment furnace and smelting furnace etc .	本文介绍了日本高性能工业炉的开发及应用试验 , 如加热炉、热处理炉等 。
if a college degree from a school you never see sounds strange , then consider this: the ou is considered britain’s largest university with over 200 , 000 students enrolled .	如果一所大学毕业于你从来没有看到过奇怪的学校 , 那么考虑这:欧盟被认为是英国最大的大学 , 拥有超过20000多名学生 。
they lack experience and practical knowledge about the real world , " said yang xiaosong , ceo of an exclusive golf club , as his staff cast a keen eye over hopeful applicants .	他们缺乏真实世界的经验和实际知识 , " 杨小龙说 , 一个独家高尔夫俱乐部的ceo说 , 正如他的员工在希望申请者的关键眼睛上打开了一个关键的眼睛 。
and , finally , after years of sanctions by the united states and the international community , a much older but equally combative colonel qaddafi was seemingly rehabilitated by the west .	最后 , 美国和国际社会制裁的几年后 , 同样的殖民地卡扎菲似乎被西方重建了 。
conclusion under 37°c and protected from light , the kinetics of no released from snp was significantly influenced by the construction and spatial structure of thiols .	结论37°c和保护光照射下 , np无释放的动力学对照组成和空间结构的影响显著 。
all kinds of shortages and regrets of the used motorcycle seatsaddle will be overcome by using " caiyun " special seatcover with the function of solarization and health protection .	利用 " 蔡云 " 特殊座位功能 , 将使用各种短缺和遗憾的摩托车座椅进行克服 。
this five essential factor conformity forms a system , the science operation can produce the good teaching results , this science operation also is the new time teaching innovation specific measures .	这五个重要因素构成了一个系统 , 科学操作能产生良好的教学结果 , 科学操作也是新时代教学创新措施 。
after this colossal failure , batch stole the remnants of the forces attached to terror and fled to the outer rim territories in his personal imperialclass star destroyer .	在这个殖民失败之后 , 巴特将军队的名义抛弃到恐怖 , 逃往外界的地区 , 他个人帝国的星毁灭者 。
from the plm sample , monitor collects the useful information , such as the number of ecr status inquiry transactions in one month , the number of ecrs by status , and so on .	从plm样本中 , 监测器收集了有用信息 , 例如在一个月内ecr状态调查事务的数量 , 地位的ecr数量等 。
and jun han joint chiefs of staff chairman of the incident 49 minutes after receiving the report , when he was defense minister kim tae in 52 minutes after receiving the report .	接受报告后49分钟的事故总裁junhanhanhanhan联合首席执行官 , 当时他在接受该报告时 , 他在52分钟被国防部长塔在接受该报告 。
the homebased care team consists of several nurses who jump into a small truck every morning and travel out to the community to tend to the health needs of the truly destitute2 .	家庭基础的护理团队由几个护士组成 , 每天早上跳进小卡车 , 旅行到社区 , 往往是真正的命运2 。
the special sprinkling system of the body cleaner realizes the water spray with more than two states , thereby the body cleaning range and the body cleaning degree of the body cleaner are improved .	本体清洁剂的特殊喷涂系统实现了两个状态的水喷涂 , 因此体干净范围和体干净度的提高了身体清洁度 。
the scene of their arrival at the airport , with an aircraft landing on the runway and their cages taken out of the plane , was broadcast live on japan's public broadcaster nhk .	在机场上 , 他们的旅行场景 , 飞机在跑道上 , 他们的城市从飞机上拿出了飞机 , 是日本公共广播的nhk 。
her hair , a golden lock of which had escaped , seemed very thick , but was severely concealed beneath an ugly , tight , close , nunlike cap , tied under the chin .	她的头发 , 一个金色的锁子 , 看起来很厚 , 却很严重地隐藏在一个丑陋、紧紧密、紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧的帽子下 。
out of the 150 businesses surveyed , twothirds reported that their groupon promotions were profitable–but the remaining third claimed to have lost money on their groupon experience .	在150年的商业调查中 , 三分之一的报告显示 , 他们的团体促进利润虽然剩下三分之一的声称失去了他们的团体经验 。
andy: yes . but qatar also can wear their silver medals with immense pride , it is really a dark horse , it beat iran in a nailbiting battle in the other semifinal .	安迪:是的 。 但是卡塔尔还可以穿着银牌 , 穿着巨大的骄傲 , 它真是一匹黑马 , 它在另一个半决赛中打败伊朗 。
some critics , judging the film by its trailers , accused mr . zhang of giving mr . damon a part that should have gone to an asian actor , a practice known as whitewashing .	一些批评家 , 评论其追踪者的电影 , 指责张先生给亚洲演员提出的一部分应该去亚洲演员 , 一个被称为白色洗手的实践 。
fortunately , concepts like extreme programming and agile development have made it possible to get a lot of these same benefits without an entire team of people whacking on your code .	幸运的是 , 像极端程序和敏捷开发的概念 , 使得很多同样的利益 , 没有一个完整的代码上抽取的团队 。
under the situation that matrix organize , study style organize and nonboundary organize have mushroomed today , our choice ought to be based on the given circumstance and target .	在矩阵组织的情况下 , 研究风格组织和非边界组织今天已经突破了 , 我们的选择应该是基于特定的环境和目标的 。
the flavoring packet contains many spices , pork rib product and dehydrated spring onion . add some flavoring according to different tastes , the noodles will be delicious and fragrant .	香料包含许多香料 , 猪肉rib产品和脱水的春洋葱 。 根据不同的味道 , 口味将是美味和香味 。
this capricious double standard hurts the feelings of both liberals and the han people , and in addition , rides roughshod over academic conscience and distorts the true face of history .	此外 , 这种意识双重的标准伤害了自由主义和汉族人民的感觉 , 并且在学术意识上骑行粗糙 , 改变了历史的真正面貌 。
this must never be , never whilst this existence continues ; and when time has enrolled us in the list of the departed , surely this friendship will survive to bear our identity to heaven .	这必须永远不会是 , 永远不会因为这个存在继续 ; 当时 , 当然这个朋友将会保存我们的身份来承受我们的身份 。
those under 36 love social networking via the mobile and expect to pay for it , however , younger adults expect mobile content—especially music and videos—to be free .	然而 , 那些在36个爱情社交网络中 , 希望通过手机付款 , 年轻的成年人希望移动内容尤其是音乐和视频免费 。
the input analog signal is sampled at a very high frequency and the difference between two samplings is quantified to get digital signal , i . e . , sigmadelta code .	输入模拟信号在非常高的频率下采样 , 用两个样本的差别定量获取数字信号 , 比如sigmadelta码 。
for they are a bit like me , i think , without the altered i always have a successful , the personality is the reality , but i like a shadow , let me here , it is really pages of my mistakes ?	因为他们像我一样 , 我想 , 没有改变我总是有成功的 , 个性是现实 , 但我喜欢一个阴影 , 让我 , 这是我的错误的页面 ?
after two decades , 95 percent of the elemental mercury on the surface of a filling had gone through a chemical reaction . it became betamercury sulfide , a blackcolored solid .	经过两十年后 , 填充物表面的95%的基质汞含量已经经过化学反应 , 变成了硫化物 , 一个黑色的固体 。
car parks are located in the basement 1 for 18 park positions and there's an electrical room for emergency diesel generator and electrical devises added to four storages in this floor .	汽车公园位于18公园位置 , 位于18个公园位置 , 还有一个电气室 , 电气设备在这个地板上添加了4个储存 。
ustream , the live video streaming service that hit the mainstream recently thanks to a litter of shiba inu puppies , just announced watershed , a new whitelabel streaming video service .	ustream , 活动视频流畅服务最近打击了主流感谢hibainu的小学生 , 只是宣布了一项新的白色标签流畅视频服务 。
main products:ac socket , circuit breaker , dc jack , digital switch , dip switch , emi filter , fuse holder , hook switch , key switch , micro switch , push swit...	主要产品:ac袜、电路断路器、dc夹克、数字开关、dip开关、电子滤波器、熔接器、钩开关、关键开关、微开关、推开关等 。
he has more than 10 years experience in digital media production , working with video , still images and sound . he travels extensively , pursuing longterm projects on social and environment issues .	他在数字媒体生产中拥有超过10年的经验 , 与视频工作 , 仍然是图像和声音 。 他旅行广泛 , 追求长期的项目对社会和环境问题的追求 。
its race derived technology based on castrol's racing history and testing experience ensures optimum engine performance giving increased acceleration under the most arduous riding conditions .	基于卡斯托尔的比赛历史和测试经验 , 确保最佳发动机性能在最艰难的干扰条件下增加的加速度 。
the national average price for unleaded gas now tops the fourdollaragallon mark . the highest average prices are in states like alaska , california , connecticut and washington state .	目前国民平均价格上涨四美元的气体 , 最高的平均价格如阿拉斯加、加利福尼亚、连接和华盛顿州 。
however , because of the small size of nanosystems the ordinary external field must be viewed as strong field . that makes the conductivity formula considering nonlinear response very important .	然而 , 由于纳米体系的小尺寸必须被视为强场 , 使导电性公式考虑非线性反应非常重要 。
conclusion:a20 gene can protect the h2o2injured endothelial cells , and may pl ay a certain role in the prevention and treatment of diseases related to the ischemiareperfusion .	结论:a20基因可保护h2o2受伤的内皮细胞 , 可能在预防和治疗缺血再灌注的疾病中有一定的作用 。
a method for the determination of 1 , 4dioxane content in alcohol ether sulphates utilizing headspace gas chromatography is discribed . the factor of head space discussed .	讨论了1 , 4-二氧氧化物含量测定的方法 , 利用头空间气色谱法 , 讨论了头空间的因素 。
so , dress up a warm romantic new home , a warm and overflowing the marriage bed , naturally become a priority among priorities , the traditional department store is on the bed , is so stir a pond .	所以 , 服装一个温暖的浪漫新家庭 , 一个温暖的和过度的婚姻床 , 自然成为优先级之一 , 传统的部门店在床上 , 是如此激烈的池塘 。
with the foundation and increase the frequency of atrial pacing was reduced atrioventricular node conduction is based on the frequency filtering effect of other physiological phenomena to explain .	基于其它生理现象的频率滤波效应 , 随着室内节点导电频率的提高 , 降低了室内节点导电频率的提高 。
if you frequently check with particular collections of rules , you might wish to combine them in your own ruleset file , as shown in listing 2 . this rule set imports the basic , naming , and design rules	如果您经常检查特定的规则集合规则 , 您可能希望在自己的规则文件中结合它们 , 如清单2所示 , 这个规则将导入基本、名称和设计规则 。
a policeman escorts a greenpeace member dressed as a whale during a protest march against the special meeting of the international whaling commission in tokyo february 14 , 2007 .	2007年2月14日 , 一名警察编制了一名绿色和平的成员 , 在抗议期间 , 在东京的特别会议中 , 一名警察编制了一名绿色和平的成员 。
consolidating the existing foodstuff market could remain long and steady export of foodstuff . using comparative advantage solves the problem of the balance of supply and demand of china's foodstuff .	利用比较优势解决了我国食品的供应平衡和需求的问题 , 巩固现有食品市场的长期和稳定出口 。
bridge concrete cracks on the types and causes of railway policy of the provisional construction of high bridge pier cracks in the control and preventive measures were analyzed and summarized .	总结了高桥钢筋混凝土裂缝在控制和预防措施的基础上 , 总结了铁路政策的原因和原因 。
to prevent and resolve traderights groups , the incident must be expanded citizen participation , reform of the governance structure of the industry , the interests of consensusbuilding mechanism .	为了防止和解决贸易者群体 , 必须扩大公民参与、改革治理结构 , 共同建设机制的利益 。
in addition to the north yin feng all , six absolute being temples , with some strong dwell for rest of high mountain river , the hell exerts drive ten palace gentleman the king divide .	除了北阴凤外 , 六个绝对是寺庙 , 还有很多高的山水 , 地狱运动了十个宫殿绅士 。
objective to study the microanatomy of trigeminal ganglion region and clinical value of robot casr2 assisted system in percutaneous controlled radiofrequency rhizomy for trigeminal neuralgia .	目的探讨三尖地区三尖地区的显微解剖及机器人casr2辅助系统临床价值的临床疗效 。
shapes and symmetry . go wild . piece together the sticky lines and watch zany picture puzzles come to life while you learn proportion , matching , scale and symmetry .	形状和对称 。 走野 。 把坚持的线条和观看zanzzzzzzles一起来到生活中 , 当你学习比例、匹配、规模和对称性的时候 。
until oil and gas made it rich , beginning in the 1960s , this tiny , scalding , pancakeflat peninsula scarcely boasted a settled population , let alone a town of any size .	直到石油和气使它丰富 , 开始于20世纪60年代 , 这个小小小的、规模 , 胰岛半岛大幅增加了一个集体人口 , 让孤独的城镇 。
another view is that mrs thatcher was , as mr cameron now puts it , a " revolutionary but also a gradualist " , who achieved her aims cautiously , often without advertising them in advance .	另一个观点是 , 卡梅隆先生现在放弃了它 , 一个 " 革命主义 " , 还有一个梯度主义者 " , 她的目标通常没有广告他们 。
after his retirement in 1991 , he maintained a low profile , despite being garlanded with awards . he is survived by his wife , the highly acclaimed beijing opera singer jiang ying .	在1991年退休后 , 他保持了一个低档档案 , 尽管是加拿着奖项 , 他是由妻子幸存的 , 高度声称北京戏剧歌手姜静 。
the figure was even higher for the world's most popular networking site , facebook , where members spent 20 . 5 billion minutes , up 566 percent from 3 . 1 percent the previous year , according to the study .	研究表明 , 世界上最受欢迎的网络网站 , facebook成员花了205亿分钟 , 增加了56%的56% 。
in a particularly vicious critique of socalled smectymnuus , an anonymous anglican opponent attacked not only these six presbyterian ministers but attacked milton as well .	尤其是如此所谓的sctymuuus , 匿名的anglican对手攻击不仅是这些六名先生部长 , 而且攻击了米尔顿 。
for an unknown reason , sometime after his promotion to grand admiral , he was situated in the royal palace of theed on the planet naboo where he assisted in the training of elite imperial pilots .	对于一个未知的原因来说 , 有时候他推动到大规模的阿德米尔 , 他坐落在星球纳波的皇家宫里 , 他帮助在精英皇家飞行员训练训练 。
banks maintain separate entrances formen and women , starbucks restricts women from its openair balcony and mcdonald's makesmen and women queue separately for its burgers .	银行保持独立的进口形式和女性 , 星巴克公司从开放的平衡和麦当劳的女性制造商和女性队列分别限制女性 。
the electron's going to come out of that highest occupied atomic orbital , that one that's the highest in energy , because that's going to be the at least amount of energy it needs to eject something .	电子将会出现最高的原子轨道 , 这是能量最高的能量 , 因为这是最高的能量 , 因为这将是最小的能量 , 它需要调整某些东西 。
when my love comes and sits by my side , when my body trembles and my eyelids droop , the night darkens , the wind blows out the lamp , and the clouds draw veils over the stars .	当我的爱来坐在我的身边 , 当我身体的象征和我的眼睛滴下来时 , 夜晚的黑暗 , 风吹出灯光 , 云在明星上画出的光芒 。
" i am here to tell you that being bad is , and hopefully will always be , bad for business in google’s search results , " wrote amit singhal , google fellow , in a blog post .	" 我在这里告诉你 , 很糟糕的是 , 希望谷歌搜索结果的商业总是很糟糕 , " 在博客上写道 。
shiro nakamura , nissan's chief creative officer , said the studio would “enhance our product competitiveness in china and asia , where the automotive industry continues to see robust growth” .	尼桑的首席创造力官hironakamura说 , 该研究室将 " 提高中国和亚洲的产品竞争力 " , 汽车产业继续看到鲁棒的增长 。
when you use this erm , please carefully break open the ampoule at the neck and pipette 10ml from the ampoule into 250 ml volumetric flask and bring to volume by purified water .	当您使用这个手臂时 , 请仔细打开颈部和皮埃特10毫升的麻烦 , 然后从麻烦到250毫升体积 , 带来纯化水体积 。
" we can no longer see hoards only as piggy banks , " says kevin leahy , an authority on anglosaxon history who was entrusted with the task of cataloging the staffordshire treasure .	" 我们不再能看到像皮格基银行一样的保护 , " 卡文·莱恩说 , 一个关于格洛萨克逊历史的权威机构 , 与员工的希腊财政的任务相信 。
by analyzing different hyperon decay processes , we derive the general formula for the decay contributions of heavier hyperons to hyperon production rates and finalstate hyperon polarizations .	通过分析不同超声衰减过程的分析 , 给出了重量超声对超声产量和最终超声极化的一般公式 。
most local anaesthetics used clinically are relatively hydrophobic molecules that gain access to their blocking site on the sodium channel by diffusing into or through the cell membrane .	大多数当地的麻醉物在临床上使用的是相对水理分子 , 这些分子可以通过扩散或透过细胞膜来获得它们的阻塞网站 。
the results of 81 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced concrete beams and 66 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced scc beams are used to determine the coefficients in models .	采用81试验加固钢筋纤维加固混凝土梁和66个试验加固钢筋纤维加固梁的试验结果来确定模型中的系数 。
the site also uses a custom version of the open source blogging server apache roller weblogger version 4 . 0 . 0 . 12 , mysqltm database server , and memcached .	该网站还使用一个自定制版本开源博客服务器apacherollerwebloger版本4.0.0.12 , mysqltm数据库服务器和移植 。
the bizarre looking 600m tall building , selfsufficient in water and energy , was thought up by belgian designer vincent callebaut and would be based on roosevelt island in new york .	比萨尔望着600米高的建筑 , 水和能源的自足 , 被贝吉亚设计师维恩·卡尔巴特认为是由于纽约罗斯福岛的屋顶岛 。
" box " still stick gave albumen of this farinaceous collagen to dissolve the appearance in water , it is better to tell everybody this product and yoghurt drink flavour together .	" 箱子 " 仍然坚持这个有趣的胶原物 , 解决水中出现的外貌 , 更好地告诉每个人 , 瑜伽饮料一起 。
given its effects on nociception and muscle contraction , botulinum appears to be an attractive agent in the prophylaxis against chronic daily headache or tensiontype headache .	鉴于其对慢性每日头痛或张力型头痛的预防药物的影响 , 瓶培素似乎是一种吸引剂 。
if these parenting behaviors were placed on a weight scale sidebyside , what would the results be in determining how you fare in building healthy selfesteem vs . low selfesteem in your children ?	如果这些父母的行为被放置在一个体重规模的侧边 , 那么你决定如何建立健康自尊vs.低自尊度 ?
" he said that the time is the biggest problem , the central authorities to the general principle that local governments have tabled specific criteria , and thus the " classification " can not be evaded .	他说: " 时间是最大的问题 , 中央当局对当地政府有表格特定的标准 , 因此 " 分类 " 无法避免 。
this falsecolor image above , of the grand canyon , displays the fractal pattern created by the colorado river over millions of years . red indicates areas of vegetation in the image .	上面的这幅虚拟分子图像 , 在大峡谷中 , 展示了由科罗拉多河创造的分形模式 , 红色的图像显示了数百万年来的植被区域 。
recently unearthed fossils trace whales to a doglike predecessor of hoofed planteaters , and genetic analysis has identified hippos as whales' closest living relatives .	近年来 , 未死的化石追踪鲸鱼到狗类的饲养植物 , 遗传分析发现鲸类最近的生命相对较近 。
a threedimensional organization chart built from reinforced concrete , where each classroom or workshop occupies a differentiated volume , allows the acronyms to be seen from the entire yard .	一个三维组织图表从加固混凝土建立 , 每个教室或工作室占据分化的体积 , 允许全院的环境来看 。
the " philosophical counseling " and " philosophical counseling movement " developed in the late twentieth century are influencing people as an emerging discipline in the age of globalization .	二十世纪末期的 " 哲学咨询 " 和 " 哲学咨询运动 " 正在影响人们作为全球化时代的新兴学科 。
compared with available envelopes , the standard envelope makes it possible for people to write post codes in standard number mode and for the post office worker to raise letter sorting efficiency .	与可用的封锁相比 , 标准封锁使人们可以为标准数字模式写后代码 , 并为后台工作人员提高信用排序效率 。
products there are various specifications of water beads , nanyang beads , freshwater pearls , beads , semihole loose beads , 3 / 4 loose pearl beads and finished jewelry .	产品有各种规格的水珠、南阳珠、新鲜水珠、珠珠珠、半孔松珠、3/4松梨珠和完成珠宝 。
the architectural spirit is to improve technique , the ecology , efficiency and economy ore foe responsibility and obligation undertaken by architects in architecture designs .	建筑精神是提高建筑师在建筑设计中的生态、效率、经济轨道的责任和责任 。
on the basis of mass borehole data , the paper analyzed middle jurassic coalbearing strata distributing features , coalbearing property , coalforming period in the yining basin .	针对大型波孔数据的基础 , 分析了银盆地中侏罗系煤层分布特征、煤承载性能、煤层成藏期 。
as an example , maximum trajectory optimization was applied on a twostage ballistic missile , and a comparison of original and optimal trajectories was presented with figures and tables .	针对两阶段的弹道导弹的最大轨迹优化进行了比较 , 提出了一种最大轨迹优化方法 。
the fundamental reason that this is an open source project , and not a closedsource secret bit of technology , is that we have no interest in being in the business of selling or supporting it .	这是一个开放源项目的根本原因 , 没有一个关闭的资源密钥点技术 , 就是我们没有兴趣在销售或支持它的业务中 。
some of the species are flooded and vanished during the flood season . only some tall grasses survive with high tolerance of submergence . the dominant species belong to gramineae and cyperaceae .	有些物种在洪水期间被洪水淹没 , 只有一些高草生存率高 , 主要物种属于青少年和青少年 。
and they caught every one his fellow by the head , and thrust his sword in his fellow's side ; so they fell down together: wherefore that place was called helkathhazzurim , which is in gibeon .	他们每一个人都被头抓住了他的同胞 , 把他的剑扔在他的同胞的旁边 , 所以他们一起下来 , 所以那地方叫赫尔卡扎伊姆 , 这是基本的 。
we describe a consecutive series of patients with unruptured ias treated by a neurosurgeon initiating a dedicated cerebrovascular practice in the " endovascular era . "	我们描述了一系列未经破坏的ias患者 , 通过神经外科医生在 " 内血管时代引发的脑血管实践 。
the imbalance of public goods supplied by the government for cities and countryside has already become the deepleveled cause which influences narrowing the gap between urban and rural areas .	政府和农村的公共货物的不平衡已经成为城市和农村地区的深层原因 , 影响城市和农村地区的差距 。
pass rightness and side to pass in and out a bottle of cage pusher driven by hydraulic power hydraulic system to carry on analysis and point out original the hydraulic system existence of problem .	通过权利和侧向 , 通过水力液压液压系统驱动的水压系统 , 指出了原有的液压系统存在的问题 。
“foreign critics would look at today’s data and argue for stronger yuan gains , ” said ben simpfendorfer , a hong kongbased economist at royal bank of scotland plc .	苏格兰皇家银行的香港经济学家贝恩·辛普芬多弗说: " 外国批评者们将观察今天的数据和争论 。 "
bank of china , for example , says its ratio was a healthy 11 . 6% at the end of september , and that number was lower than those for the other two big four banks whose shares are publicly traded .	举例来说 , 中国银行的比例是9月底的11.6% , 另外两家大银行比其他两家大银行更低 。
in this paper , we propose a new algorithm based on subaperture and filtered backprojection algorithm to estimate the anisotropy of objects scattering centers in wideaperture imaging .	本文提出了一种基于亚适应和滤波反投影算法的新算法 , 以估计广泛适应图像中心的异常散射中心 。
when i was a child growing up in north dakota , my mother cooked bacon for her five children . when it was done , she pulled the hot strips out of the pan and set them on a paper towel to drain .	当我是一个孩子在达科塔北部的孩子时 , 我母亲为她的五个孩子做了烹饪袋 , 当时她把热带从锅里拉出来 , 把他们放在纸巾上 。
constraints between rolling section and surface grade in a plan unit and impacts due to temperature of discharging , finishing milling and coiling are considered in the practice in hot rolling factory .	由于在热轧轧厂的温度、完成磨削和涂层之间的约束 , 考虑了在热轧厂的实践中进行轧制和表面级的约束 。
one $9 billion lawsuit asserts that hsbc twice hired kpmg , an accounting firm , to probe mr madoff , but that the bank failed to act when concerns were raised .	一份9亿美元的法律顾问hsbc两次雇佣kpmg , 一家会计公司探讨madof先生 , 但当担心时 , 银行未能采取行动 。
instead of waiting listlessly for news from london or piecing out from his mother's gossip some country tragedy of love and jealousy , here , in a few pages , the whole story was laid before him .	除了等待伦敦的消息 , 还是从母亲的爱和嫉妒的国家出发 , 在这里 , 整个故事都是在他之前的 。
business for o’hara brothers , he had visited augusta , a hundred miles up the savannah river , and he had traveled inland far enough to visit the old towns westward from that city .	奥哈拉兄弟的业务 , 他访问了八月份 , 一百英里的萨凡纳河 , 他已经旅行了 , 远远离那座城市的西方城镇 。
the investigation and identification results to the virus varieties of pepper virus disease in shaanxi showed that cmv , tmv , pvy , tev and bbwv had been found , part of them are mixinfection .	陕西病毒病毒病毒病毒的调查和鉴定结果表明 , cmv、电视、电视、bbwv的一部分是混合感染 。
lax conditions at the 19th century prison , where one mafia godfather is reported to have celebrated his birthday with champagne and lobster , have earned it the nickname “the grand hotel” .	在19世纪的拉克斯条件下 , 一位马菲亚神父被报告庆祝他的生日与香槟和洛布斯特 , 获得了 " 大酒店 " 。
since the execution of " temporary method of administrating security funds " in 1997 . 11 , our security funds had got rapid development , had obtained the excellent result in short time .	自1997.111年 " 暂时管理安全基金 " 的执行以来 , 我国安全基金已经迅速发展 , 获得了较好的结果 。
a town of western india eastnortheast of bombay . founded in1610 it is near the site of a mausoleum erected by aurangzeb in honor of his empress . population 284607 .	1610年 , 印度东部一城市 , 位于巴布亚东东部的布布布拉伊东部 。 建立于他皇帝的一个马索莱姆地点 。 人口284607 。
in addition to the main course selection , the pony club offers a selection of tapas which reflect mediterranean and seafood influences such as oysters , salmon and prawn fritters .	除了主课程选项外 , 波尼俱乐部提供了一种反映中海和海鲜食品的选择 , 例如oyster、salmon和prawnfritter 。
another witness , yuri , who did not give his last name , told russia’s staterun first channel tv that the shock wave was strong enough to throw him to the floor and blow his hat away .	另外一个见证 , 欧里没有给他的最后一个名字 , 告诉俄罗斯州首次运行通道电视说 , 冲击波很强 , 把他扔到地板上 , 把他的帽子吹出来 。
israel says its troops only used their pistols after they were attacked , and released a video showing soldiers in riot gear descending from a helicopter into a crowd of men with sticks and clubs .	以色列表示 , 军队只使用他们的手枪 , 然后发布一个视频显示军队从直升机上升到一个拥有坚固和俱乐部的人群 。
total 59 japonic rice lines from 9 ecotypes were used as materials in this study , and main quality characters of f1 hybrids of 303 combinations created in a diallel set of cross were analysed .	利用9种生态类型的日本稻草总量为59种 , 分析了其中303种混合物的主要品质特性 。
ruth freed , an anthropologist who worked in india , found that indian families living in chandigarh modified their apartments by using curtains to separate the men's and women's spaces .	印度工作的一个人类学家ruthfreed发现 , 印度的家庭住在查德加尔的房子里 , 用曲线来分离男性和女性的空间 。
in addition to the problem of underinvestment , who’s director of mental health and substance abuse , shekhar saxena , says low and middleincome countries have very few mental health professionals .	除了解决投资问题外 , 世卫组织的心理健康和物质滥用主任谢克哈尔·萨克森纳说 , 低和中等收入国家有很少的精神健康专业人员 。
for example , the question of the relative merits of programming languages often degenerates into a religious war , because so many programmers identify as x programmers or y programmers .	例如 , 编程语言相对合并的问题往往会变成宗教战争 , 因为许多程序员确定为x程序员或y程序员 。
a white student posing as a study participant makes a racist comment about a black participant when he briefly leaves the room . the remarks ranges from moderate to extreme racial slurs .	白人学生作为一项研究参与者对一个黑人参与者进行评论 , 当他简单地离开房间时 , 标志着从中等到极端种族污染 。
conclusion the suture of only superficial subcutaneous fat as well as putting rubber drainages in the abdominal incision is a simple and effective way to prevent lipoliquefaction for obese patients .	结论腹部切除术中只有足够的超急性脂肪的特征 , 还有在腹部切除术中的橡胶排水是防止肥胖患者的简单有效途径 。
conclusion: body temperature change is an important factor that influences oxygen supply and oxygen demand at different npt , but the cerebral imbalance during rewarming time needs special attention .	结论:体温变化是影响不同npt的氧气供氧和氧气需求的重要因素 , 但在恢复时间需要特殊关注时 , 脑膜不平衡是影响氧气供应和氧气需求的重要因素 。
beijing police are expected to intervene in domestic violence as legislators mull an amendment to the law on protection of the rights and interests of women , beijing daily said saturday .	北京警方预计将在国内暴力中互动 , 作为法律师穆尔周六对妇女权利保护和利益进行修正 。
the results showed that pentosanase improved obviously dough rheology and the processing technology of soybean dietary fiber biscuit . optimal additional range of pentosanase was determined .	结果表明 , 多糖酶明显提高了大豆饮食纤维饼干处理工艺 , 测定了多糖酶的加工范围 。
fitch said greek banks' operations in southeast europe and turkey add revenue diversification , but this comes from more volatile economies , some of which also experienced recessionary pressures .	菲特奇说 , 希腊银行在欧洲东南部和土耳其加入多样化 , 但这来自于更多的挥发经济 , 其中一些也经历了衰退压力 。
in river tracing , swimming meets rock climbing and orienteering meets outdoor survival . with so many skills in play , an expedition team is only as strong as its individual members .	在河流追踪中 , 游泳会遇到岩石攀岩和东方的攀岩 , 会见室外生存 , 玩得很多技能 , 一个过渡团队只像个人成员一样强壮 。
bilberry is a close relative of the blueberry and is known for its dark purple color . bilberry naturally contains anthocyanosides and helps to support healthy eye function .	比尔伯利是蓝莓的亲戚 , 被称为黑色紫色 , 自然包含甲醇 , 帮助支持健康的眼功能 。
there's no question about it: microsoft has a hit on its hands with windows 7 . even in beta form , the company's new desktop os is garnering accolades from all corners of the blogosphere .	毫无疑问:微软与windows7相撞 , 即使在beta形式上 , 该公司的新桌面os正在从博客的角度收集 。
tired of canned and predictable answers like " i am a hard worker " and " i am thrilled by the new opportunity to learn " at job interviews ? you should consider asking oddball questions .	累累累和可预测的答案 , 如 " 我是一个艰苦的工人 " , " 我是新机会学习 " 在工作采访中学习 " 的 ? 你应该考虑奥德球问题 。
fengyou 54 , is a new indica hybrid rice combination , developed by taizhou agricultural research academy of zhejian province and linhai seed station of zhejian province .	冯玉54岁 , 是浙江省太州农业研究学院和林海种子站的新型杂交水稻组合 。
we're asking the question , taking s2 as given , what s1 maximizes this expression and as the gentleman at the back said , i'm going to differentiate and then i'm going to set the thing equal to 0 .	我们要求s2问问题 , 以s2为给定 , s1最大化这个表达和后面的绅士说 , 我要分辨 , 然后我将设置等于0 。
trying to shift gears from his major , yu spent much of his fourth year in college preparing for the entrance exam for a humanresources graduate degree at renmin university .	试图从他的主要角度移动齿轮 , 玉花了四年的时间 , 为人力资源毕业生准备一项人力资源考试 。
deficiency is the psychological description is overmuch , can be in action , rub depictions of some more , in addition , can also add environment description , this article will look more vivid .	缺乏是心理描述的概念 , 可以在行动中进行 , rub描述更多 , 另外 , 还可以添加环境描述 , 本文将看起来更多的vivid 。
as a professional cable manufacturer , kingsignal's products mainly serve mobile communication , digital microwave communication , aerospace , multimedia and milit .	作为一家专业电缆制造商 , 国王信号产品主要为移动通信、数字微波通信、航空、多媒体和军事服务 。
5 p . m . explore the cultural melting pot of chungking mansions on tsim sha tsui's nathan road , the setting for another wong karwai movie , " chungking express " .	第五点探索了tim沙山大道的文化融化熔池 , 建立了另一个wongkarwai电影 " 春庆表达 " 。
after treatment , life signs of subjects were stable and the metabolic support was obvious , which indicated:the bioartificial liver support system which we constructed was safe , stable and efficient .	治疗后 , 主题的生命标志稳定 , 代谢支持明显 , 表明:我们建立的生物官方肝支持系统是安全、稳定、有效的 。
similarly , on the left , a lack of visibility into the real metrics that motivates the corporation means that the change effort will never be able to factually prove success to the policy makers .	同样 , 在左边 , 缺乏可见性 , 激励公司的实际措施意味着改变努力将永远不能证明政策制造商的成功 。
a wet phosphoric acid purifying extractor descaling method includes: a first step , using hotwater for soaking and extracting organic solvent in the scale , and then emptying hot water ;	一种湿磷酸净化萃取剂的方法包括:第一步 , 利用热水浸泡和提取有机溶剂 , 然后空水 ;
most of our products designs are based on classic lines of antique pieces from 16th century european and other eras , and can be modified and combined to individual client's desire and lifestyle .	大多数产品设计是基于16世纪欧洲及其它eras的古典图片 , 可以修改和结合个体客户的欲望和生活方式 。
cai yuanpei is a great thinker , educator and revolutionary . from his thoughts , words and behaviors , we can know his great mind , a philosopher's character and a great man's demeanor .	蔡元北是一位伟大的思想家 , 教育家和革命家 。 从他的思想、词、行为的思想、哲学家的角色和伟大的男性 。
the advantages of hengshui lake to develop ecotourism are environment , plants , wildlife , history and culture . we must also notice some problems . firstly , pay attention to overall distribution .	河水湖开发生态旅游的优势是环境、植物、野生动物、历史和文化 , 我们也必须注意到一些问题 , 首先 , 关注整体分布 。
double strands rna produced posttranscriptional gene silencing technique is being used to alter the relative proportion of the major fatty acids present in oil plants .	采用双条rna生产后的基因筛选技术 , 改变了油厂主要脂肪酸的相对比例 。
china continues to be the world's 2nd largest economy in q3 , with the gdp of $1 . 42 trillion , compared with japan's $1 . 37 trillion , people's daily online reported monday .	据《人民日报》周一报道 , 中国继续成为世界第二大经济 , 与日本每天的1.37万亿美元相比 , 中国仍然是世界上最大的经济 。
the national antiterrorism committee says special forces killed 2 militants and detainees and detained rather a third person during a raid in a town on the outskirts of moscow .	国家反恐怖分子委员会表示 , 特殊部队杀害了2名军事和拘留 , 并且在莫斯科郊区的第三个人被拘留 。
results a typical pattern of morphological changes of motoneuron apoptosis in the anterior horn of spinal cord was observed by both tunel staining and electron microscopy .	结果采用隧道染色和电子显微镜观察脊髓前角的形态学变化规律 。
methods: categorize 164 sufferers , carry on rehabilitation education , psychological persuasion talk entertainment activity and various psychology support respectively .	方法:分别对164例患者进行康复教育、心理劝说娱乐活动、各种心理学支持 。
finally , has analyzed zhai yongming the poetry writing life significance , had demonstrated the poet can realize the reason which the feminine angle of view surmounted and its be valuable .	最后 , 分析赵永明的诗歌写作生命意义 , 证明了诗歌能实现女性视角的原因及其价值 。
these banks aggressively peddled loans to the finance ministers of poorer countries suffering from balance of payment difficulties , acute unemployment , and consequent internal unrest .	这些银行对贫困国家财政部长的贷款积极推动贷款 , 贫困国家的财政部长遭受困难、急性失业和后果的内部失业 。
under the infuence of magnetic field , anp can deposit in the target area at large degree , as a result , the density of anp in the nontarget area can be decreased significantly ;	在磁场的影响下 , ap可以在大程度上存储目标区域 , 结果表明 , 非目标区域的密度可明显降低 ;
passes through from the multiple perspectives slow motion playbacking evidence collection , the leeway which styles had already not quibbled , he prepares to the niu card aspect to apologize .	从多个角度 , 通过多个角度 , 慢速运动反馈证据收集 , 风格已经无法迅速 , 他准备准备把牛仔卡交给道歉 。
the main source of water pollution in qujiang river basin comes from domestic wastewater , then nonpoint source pollution is also important , and the water pollution from industry contribute little .	泉江盆地水污染主要来源于国内废水 , 然后非点源污染也是影响产业污染的重要原因 。
this paper attempts to seek the cultural root for the militarists' thought on peace by analyzing the influence exerted by confucianism , taoism , mohism and other schools of thinking .	本文试图通过对儒家、道教、穆罕主义和其他学校思想的影响来寻求军事主义思想的文化根源 。
in the experimental group a repaired tissues represented hyaline , smooth and flat . chondrocytes in the zones of integrating with peripheral native cartilages were more mature .	在实验组中 , 一种修复的组织代表了水平、平滑、平滑、平滑的组织 , 与周围的土地软化区相结合的心脏细胞比较成熟 。
to investigate the relationship between iop in vertebral body and pulmonary fat embolism , and the relationship between cement injection velocity and pmma leakage into epidural space in pvp .	探讨椎体和肺脂肪栓塞的关系 , 以及pvp中水泥注射速度与pmma泄漏的关系 。
troy , mich . , 12 aug . 2007 . bae systems demonstrated a prototype common modular power system at the national defense industrial association's power and energy symposium .	troy , 2007年8月12日 , bae系统在国家防御工业协会的权力和能源症状中展示了一个原型的模块电力系统 。
a delegation from the stateowned chinese company , china metallurgical group corporation , visited the site of a copper mine in aynak , a former alqaeda stronghold southeast of kabul , in 2007 .	2007年 , 中国冶金集团公司参观了一家铜矿的网站 , 位于2007年喀布尔东南部的阿雅纳克 。
this stateoftheart , fastacting treatment speeds fresher , healthylooking skin cells to the surface with 3 times more of the nonacid skin refinisher of our previous formula .	这种状态远远 , 快速处理速度快 , 健康的皮肤细胞向表面 , 表面3倍以上公式的非酸皮肤精制剂 。
how cool was the welcome of a tall glass of iced green mint in the shady room , to heads ringing with colors and the cymbals of the sunl outside were the sea and the road burning with dust .	如何冷却的欢迎在沙迪房间的一杯冰绿色的玻璃 , 向头环绕着颜色 , 外面的阳光是海外 , 和尘埃燃烧的道路 。
clinton downplayed reported splits within the libyan rebel movement , and hailed what she said was the first “natoarab alliance” providing military and political support for antigaddafi forces .	克林顿下面报道了利比亚叛军运动内的分裂 , 希望她说的是第一个 " 纳托拉伯联盟 " 提供军事和政治支持 。
by the time of lbj's " great society " etc . , a " liberal " was someone who claimed glory for raiding the treasury and spending other people's money " liberally " to buy votes .	由于lbj的 " 伟大的社会 " 等等 , 一个 " 自由 " 的 " 自由 " 的人声称荣耀 , 让其他人民币 " 自由 " 购买投票 。
created by microsoft cofounder paul allen , who has committed $500 million since its start in 2003 , the allen institute has assembled a lessdetailed human brain atlas of its own .	自2003年开始以来 , 由微软创始人保罗·艾伦创造的保罗·艾伦自2003年开始以来 , 艾伦学院已经组装了一个较少的人类大脑alas 。
" at the end of the day , settlements and peace are two parallel tracks . israel cannot have settlements and peace at the same time , " said negotiator saeb erekat , speaking for the palestinians .	巴勒斯坦人说: " 今天结束时 , 沉降和平是两个平行轨道 , 以色列同时没有解决和平 , 以色列同时也没有解决和平 。 "
" no , " said the old woman , " there is only one way in the world , and it is so difficult that you will never redeem them . you must remain silent for twelve whole years , neither speaking nor laughing .	" 不 , " 老妇人说 , " 世界上只有一个途径 , 你不会重新重新重新重新重新 , 你一定要为二十二年的时间静静默 , 没有说不笑 。 "
a veritable orgy of artistic fertility , the open goat welcomes all comers to take part in a fully democratic , spontaneous , feverish and potentially lifealtering collective improvisation .	开放的山羊欢迎所有商人参加全民主、自发、热和潜在的集体改革 。
the chatham house study , released today , says that illegal logging has dropped by between 50 and 75% across cameroon , indonesia and the brazilian amazon over the last decade ;	今天发布的chtham房子研究显示 , 非法调查已经下降了50%到75% , 过去十年间 , 印尼和巴西亚阿马逊 。
those who take it promise to stay together for better or for worse , for richer or for poorer , in sickness and in health , to honour and to cherish , forsaking all others , until death do us part .	那些承诺在一起保持更好或更糟糕的人 , 为了更糟糕或更糟糕的人 , 在病和健康方面 , 要求荣誉和珍惜 , 直到死亡 , 直到死亡 。
beijing , jan . 17 budapest , 15 midnight local time , xinhua , the hungarian capital budapest , a crowded disco nightclub stampede , killing three women died .	北京1月17日 , 15日中午15日 , 新华 , 匈牙利资本预算 , 一个拥挤的碟子夜泡 , 杀死三个妇女死亡 。
to read more , including information on who can legally represent you if you choose to hire an immigration representative , check out cic’s web pages on immigration representatives .	为了更多地阅读 , 包括那些可以法律代表你的信息 , 如果你选择雇佣移民代表 , 检查cic的网页移民代表 。
the practice features of marxist philosophy's rejection of metaphysics contains intrinsically the orientation of criticism and construction and is the practical solution to the basic...	马克思主义哲学拒绝隐喻学的实践特点 , 内在是批评与建设的方向 , 是基本的实践解决方案 。
the system studied in this paper not only can show fold and fault , but also can apply gis function . this paper analyzes the data structure of automatic generating geologic profile and fold and fault .	本文研究的系统不仅可以显示折叠和故障 , 还可以应用gis函数 , 分析自动生成地质概率和折叠断裂的数据结构 。
from a new perspective , the authors put forward a multiple features based analytical approach for remotely sensed imagery to overcome the limitation of the pixelbased analytical approach .	从新的角度 , 提出了一种基于遥感图像的多特征分析方法 , 克服了基于pixel的分析方法的限制 。
description: society has entered the peak period of automotive growth , car owner in his car to spend more and more time , air pollution from vehicle to endanger people's health can not be ignored .	描述:社会进入了汽车增长的峰值时期 , 车主在车辆中花费越来越多的时间 , 从车辆到危险人民健康的空气污染不能忽视 。
the dpph radical scavenging activities , the reducing powers , the amount of total phenolic compounds , the inhibitory effect on hydroxyl radical and superoxide anion radical o .	dpph基本调节活动 , 降低功率 , 总磷化合物量 , 抑制氢基和超氧化物氧化物的抑制作用 。
furthermore , cabot has also introduced other advanced products to china , including masterbatch , conductive compound , inkjet colorant , aerogel and specialty drilling fluid .	此外 , 卡波特还介绍了中国其他先进的产品 , 包括主批、导电化合物、喷墨颜色、气凝胶和特殊钻井液 。
but could a smart grid or precision farming , in which the machines inform each other and make subsequent decisions , significantly reduce energy use and , thus , greenhouse gas pollution ?	但是 , 机器可以相互信息的智能网格或精密农场 , 使其继续决策 , 显著减少能源使用 , 因此 , 温室气体污染 ?
the task " find and view patient record " may be used by most of the organization , whereas the task " create and update patient record " may be used only by the admission and front desk staff .	这个任务 " 找到和看病人记录 " 可能被大多数组织所使用 , 而且任务 " 创建和更新病人记录 " 可能只被承认和前台员工所使用 。
the main shortcoming of range finding technique with structural light is that it is unable to obtain the data of points which are sightless by pickup camera or can't be illuminated by light source .	采用结构光学光学技术的主要缺点是不能通过光源来获得无光相机的点数据 , 或不能被光源照明 。
the file doclet . toc . xml is referenced as being the table of contents for this plugin ; this file will provide the data for the hierarchical information in the left pane of the eclipse help window .	文件doclet.toml被引用为该插件的内容表 , 该文件将为eclipse帮助窗口的层次信息提供数据 。
many privacypreserving algorithms for data mining has been proposed including association rules , classification , clustering and so on , but few algorithms are for outlier detection .	针对数据挖掘的许多隐私保护算法 , 提出了相关规则、分类规则、聚类等算法 , 但几个算法是为了外部检测 。
they found that when women and men work on a number of simple tasks such as searching for a key or doing easy maths problems at the same time , the women significantly outperformed the men .	他们发现 , 当女性和男性在很多简单的任务上工作时 , 比如搜索关键或做简单的数学问题时 , 女性明显地超越男性 。
nor can mr edano count on support from a block of 129 lawmakers , allied to mr ozawa , who voted against mr kan's appointment as party leader last week .	埃丹诺先生也不能从129名法律制造商联盟到奥扎瓦先生投票作为党领导人作为党领导人 。
improved routine immunization: partnerships focused on reducing diseases like polio and measles are also helping build a stronger foundation for the delivery of both new and existing vaccines .	改进路由免疫:合作关系集中在减少波利奥和措施等疾病的合作关系 , 也帮助建立更强的基础 , 为新的和现有疫苗交付提供更强的基础 。
a spokesman for sierra leonean president ernest bai koroma , who is among the heads of state representing the west african alliance , said gbagbo's exit is nonnegotiable .	gbagbo的出口是非洲联盟的首席执行官 , 西拉莱昂总统埃尔森·库尔玛表示 , 他是西非联盟的发言人 。
education may not be essential for this career , but you can get a foot in the door while bettering your prospects for advancement with basic training in an automotive and diesel technology program .	教育不可能是本职业生涯的必要性 , 但是你可以在门上获得足够的进步 , 而且更好地在汽车和柴油技术上培训的前景 。
for the replacement of fitness gold card , please submit this form to the card issuing office through the district leisure services offices or sports centres of this department and pay a fee of $25 .	为了取代健身金卡的替代 , 请通过地区休闲服务办公室或运动中心提交卡表格 , 并付25美元的费用 。
dahongpao pepper to " big spike and more grains , meat , thickskinned rich , bright color , rich flavor , taste ma moderate " and has long " chinese name law " reputation .	大中帕胡椒 " 大辣椒 " , 肉 , 厚厚 , 色彩丰富 , 味道丰富 , 味道丰富 , 具有 " 中国名法 " 的声誉 。
methods: the clinical data and antibiotic resistance of 253 cases of aecb caused by acinetobacter infection from respiratory department of 10 hospitals in tianjin were reviewed .	方法:对天津10所医院呼吸部门引起的253例cb患者的临床资料及抗生素耐药性进行了综述 。
in this paper , the principles of hydrophobic surface and drag reduction are outlined . we briefly review the new way and recent progress to prepare such hydrophobic surface .	本文简要介绍了水理表面的原理 , 介绍了水解表面的降解原理 , 简要综述了这种水解表面的新途径和最近进展 。
the highly efficient and accurate classification has improved the grindingclassification efficiency of the tertiary grinding , thus raising the runofmine ore throughput of system 321 .	高效和精确分类已经提高了地层磨削效率 , 提高了321年的runofmin矿渗透率 。
i was headhunted by hujiang when i was looking for an " out " to have a flexible schedule for my tobeborn daughter , who is now almost 5 months old . i couldn&rsquo ;	当我正在寻找一个 " 外出 " 的时候 , 我是被湖江的头部埋葬的 , 为我出生的女儿提供灵活的计划 , 现在几乎是5个月 。
additional cleaning techniques can include using a needleless plastic syringe to vigorously wash the tooth with moderately pressured water or to softly wash it with hydrogen peroxide .	额外的清洁工艺可以使用无针塑料喷射来清洗牙齿 , 中压水或软洗涤 。
professors with dollar signs in their eyes are always announcing the birth of the latest revolutionary management technique or the discovery of the hottest new “supercorp” .	美元标志教授总是宣布最新革命管理技术的诞生或最热门新 " 吸尘器 " 的发现 。
tuesday's swoon has been dramatic , coming after a report showing u . s . manufacturing in august returned to expansion for the first time in more than a yearandahalf . for details see .	周二的soon在一份报告显示 , 在8月份美国制造业的报告显示 , 今年8月首次回到了扩张 , 因为细节看来 。
architecture is the most optimistic of professions , ' says mary comerio , chair of the architecture department at the university of california at berkeley , where there was a 40 percent uptick .	伯克利大学建筑系主席玛丽·卡里奥说 , 建筑是最乐观的职业 , 是伯克利亚大学建筑系的主席 , 其中有40%的上升 。
the designs were drawn up by the french architect jacques rougerie , a veteran of waterbased construction projects , and have been backed by the united nations cultural agency unesco .	该设计由法国建筑师jacquesrougerie绘制起来 , 一个基于水的建筑工程的船员 , 由联合国文化机构联合支持 。
it’s an openair loft space , with the four founders at desks in the middle of a phalanx of young men staring at screens . the four are sam yagan , the c . e . o . ;	这是一个开放式的loft空间 , 桌子上有四个创始人在屏幕上站在一间餐桌上 , 四个是sam雅根 , c.o ;
firstly , the paper introduces the conception , theory and mathematical model of the array antenna . serval algorithms of adaptive beamforming and doa are analyzed using matlab software .	首先介绍了阵列天线的概念、理论和数学模型 , 运用matlab软件分析了自适应梁形成和da的伺服算法 。
two duracors and one duramar unit are specified as part of the communications equipment package for each lcs unmanned surface vehicle being developed to carry out these warfare missions .	指定两个双层单元 , 作为每个lcs无人工表面车辆开发的通信设备包的一部分 。
later , lartigue donated all his negatives , albums , cameras and personal diaries to the french state , and from these photos and texts , we discover the story of an extraordinary and elegant life .	后来 , 律师捐赠了所有的负面、专辑、摄像机和个人日记 , 从这些照片和文本中 , 我们发现了一个经典和高雅的生活故事 。
at altitude , the air pressure is lower , and so are aerodynamic effects such as drag and lift , ultimately causing balls to travel faster and straighter than they would at lower altitude .	在alti的情况下 , 空气压力较低 , 因此是气动力学效应 , 如拖动和抬升 , 最终导致球运动速度快 , 比它们更直 。
world stocks , measured by msci , hit a 51/2 week high this week , moving close to a breakeven point for the year as investors put tens of billions of dollars worth of cash to work .	世界股票 , 由msci测量 , 本周高达51/2周 , 今年投资者将近几十亿美元的现金投资者投资者投资额值得工作 。
allaround introduction and specific analysis are made about the notion and structure , selection , organization and presentation of content , compilation of students' exercises and teachers' manual .	全地介绍和具体分析是关于学生运动和教师手工手工的概念、选择、组织和展示内容、内容、组织和展示的基础 。
if you are just too exhausted to leave the confines of the house , unplug the phone , lock the door , batten down the hatches and spend the entire weekend at home , doing absolutely nothing .	如果你只是太疲惫了 , 离开房子的限制 , 把手机锁住门 , 打着帽子 , 整个周末花在家里 , 完全没有什么 。
like the liao , an earlier inner asian dynasty , the juchen maintained a chinesestyle bureaucracy to rule over the southern part of their conquests and a tribal state to rule in inner asia .	就像辽初期的亚洲人一样 , 犹太人保持了一个中国风格的官僚制度来规定他们的后果和内亚的部部落状态 。
for me , it feels like you are dealing with familiarities such as cooking a lentil dish in mdardara , as well as a feeling of strangeness in familiar surroundings , such as tokyo tonight .	对于我来说 , 它感觉像你一样熟悉 , 比如在麦达拉烹饪一道柠檬盘 , 以及在熟悉周围的奇怪感觉 , 比如东京今晚 。
with the forest canopy closure increase , the average high and diameter also increase , but the numbers of unit area is reduced . and the distribution of update saplings changes from mission to uniform .	随着森林癌症的增加 , 平均高和直径也增加 , 但单位面积的数量减少 , 更新移植的变化从任务到均匀的变化 。
the products do not contain any natural latex components on human skin allergic reactions , nontoxic , harmless , tasteless , left and right gm , pull a good , durable , and good adhesion .	产品不包含人皮过敏反应、非毒性、无毒性、无毒性、无味性、左右gm的任何自然乳腺素组成部分 , 推动良好的耐用性和良好的粘附 。
carmelita montiel , a twentyyearold virgin , had just bathed in orangeblossom water and was strewing rosemary leaves on pilar ternera's bed when the shot rang out .	卡梅丽塔·蒙蒂尔 , 一个二十岁的弗吉恩 , 刚洗澡在橘红色的水里 , 正在把红色的玫瑰叶扔在皮尔·特内拉的床上 。
we use such tools here at @toprank to grow own twitter presence as well as for clients on a daily basis and have learned quite a bit about twitter best practices and which tools work best .	我们在这里使用这样的工具来增长自己的twitter出现 , 以及每天的基础上的客户 , 学习了twitter最好的实践和工具最好的工具 。
cancer vaccines can generate specific immune response to get goals of treatment mainly through activate the tumorresistant antigen , especially antitumor specific antigen .	癌症疫苗可以通过活化肿瘤抗原 , 特别是抗肿瘤特异性抗原来产生特异的免疫反应 。
a host of lifechanging inventions , from icecream cones and bottled water to electric lights , automobiles and aeroplanes were brought to public attention through successive expos .	从冰淇淋和瓶装水到电灯 , 汽车和航天器都引起了公众关注 。
si published his accusations late last month on the new threads website , which is famous among china's research community for exposing pseudoscience and academic misconduct .	上个月晚些时候 , si发布了他的指责 , 这是中国研究社区的著名知名的 " 伪科学 " 和 " 学术误导 " 。
hcvspecific cd8 tcell response was readily detectable in acutely hcvinfected patients regardless of virologic outcome or virusspecific cd4 tcell response .	无论病毒学成果或病毒特异性cd-4t细胞反应急性hcvvin感染患者 , hcv特异性cd8细胞反应已经准备了检测 。
i am also thankful to mr bruce lee's family for their wholehearted support . mr lee's widow , linda , personally helped prepare a layout plan of the former residence for our reference .	我还感谢布鲁斯·李先生的家庭为他们全心的支持 。 李先生的窗户李先生 , 个人帮助制定一个前居民的布局计划 。
shin's previous solo efforts include the 2005 cover album " special thanks to...best selection " and later " tired " , but his latest hit , " it's me " marks shin's first proper album as a solo artist .	shin先前的solo努力包括2005年的专辑 " 感谢...最特殊的选择 " , 后来 " 累累 " , 但 " 这是我第一张专辑 " 标志着shin的第一张专辑 。
in some major u . s . cities , sports moguls have wrested steep concessions from local governments as the price for building new palaces for their football , basketball , hockey and baseball franchises .	在一些主要的美国城市中 , 体育模块已经从当地政府带来了稳定的承诺 , 作为他们的足球、篮球、霍克y和baseballsranch的价格建立新的宫殿 。
since porcelain is ceramic , and therefore glasslike , its surface is smooth and impervious and unlike older bonding materials , it will not be stained coffee , tea , red wine or cigarette smoking .	由于瓷器是陶瓷 , 所以玻璃类似 , 它的表面平滑 , 不像老粘合材料一样 , 它不会被染色咖啡 , 茶 , 红酒或烟雾吸烟 。
carla van tiggelen designe is an international purchaser from australia , need to buy products of textile raw materials and fabrics , furniture , home textiles , gift , ceramics , adornment etc . categories .	卡拉瓦格林设计是澳大利亚国际采购商 , 需要购买纺织材料及织品、家具、纺织品、礼品、陶瓷等 。
the absolute growth of the head weight , forelimb weight , hind limb weight , body length , forelimb length , hind limb length , shin length and the third toe length showed a pattern of normal distribution .	头重的绝对增长 , 强度 , 后肢体重 , 身体长度 , 力学长度 , 后肢长度 , 后肢长度 , 三脚长度呈现正常分布模式 。
there’s an old “northsouth” divide partly at work with the netherlands , luxembourg , and germany critical of spain , italy , and greece – in what appear to be old cultural stereotypes playing out .	西班牙、卢森堡和德国关键的西班牙 , 意大利和希腊似乎是旧文化的稳定类型 。
the welcome ceremony was also attended by wang qishan , ling jihua , wang huning , dai bingguo , u . s . vice president joe biden , secretary of state hillary clinton and other accompanying staff .	欢迎仪式同时参加王启山 , 王洁华 , 王建华 , 美国副总统约伯登 , 国务卿 , 克林顿等陪伴员工 。
laing's thought chanllenged traditional views of psychiatric treatment , evoked people to query those basic hypotheses that ruled their lives and thoughts , left his mark on psychiatric practice .	拉丁的思想挑战了传统心理疗法的观点 , 让人们查询这些基本假设 , 遵守他们的生活和思想 , 留下了心理实践的标志 。
milan leandro grimi on the official site of siena speaks about the next league against milan: " yes its a bit strange for me to play against milan , but now i am at siena and want to win this game . "	米兰·莱德罗·格里米在西纳官方网站上讲话了米兰的下一个联赛: " 是的奇怪对阵米兰 , 但是现在我在iena和希望赢得这场比赛 。 "
test showed that , the model derived from 2year before st by pca had a forecast accuracy of 95 . 8% for internal samples and 93 . 3% for external samples , while the one by modified method 97 . 5% and 90 . 0% ;	试验结果表明 , 在2年前的stca预测精度为95.8%的内部样本和93.3%的外观样本 , 修改方法97.5%和90% ;
" this budget adds more debt to our country's future than all of the debt from 1789 , when george washington was president , through franklin roosevelt and lyndon johnson and george w . bush , " he said .	他说: " 这项预算对我国的未来的债务增加了更多的债务 , 当乔治华盛顿总统 , 通过弗兰克林·罗斯福和伦敦约翰逊和乔治·布什总统的债务 。 "
o mighty armed one , seeing your magnificent form of manifold faces and eyes , manifold arms , legs and feet , manifold stomachs and manifold terrifying teeth ; all the planets tremble in fear and so do i .	奥密武装了一个 , 看到你的宏伟的面孔和眼睛 , 手臂 , 腿 , 腿 , 脚 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手腕的恐惧 , 所有的行星都象征着恐惧 。
it also has highlevel teachers all of whom have diploma degrees , including one with the national key teacher title , two with the beijing key teachers titles , six with xicheng key teachers titles .	它还有高层教师 , 全部拥有外交学位 , 其中包括一个与国家关键教师名称 , 两个与北京关键教师名称 , 六个与厦城关键教师名称 。
the macro velocity model used for describing vti media is consistent with current velocity estimation method , and can simultaneously accommodate the isotropy , weak anisotropy and strong anisotropy .	描述vti介质的宏观速度模型与当前速度估计方法一致 , 可同时适应异常、弱异常和强烈的抗静脉 。
therefore , any changes in expression levels or activity of ptp1b relative to the ir could affect insulin signaling and possibly contribute to the insulin resistance observed in type ii diabetes .	因此 , ptp1b与ir的表达水平或活性的变化可能会影响胰岛素签名和可能导致胰岛素抵抗在ii型糖尿病中观察到的胰岛素抵抗 。
britain's chancellor of the exchequer alistair darling poses with his ministerial red dispatch box as he leaves 11 downing street , en route to delivering the annual budget to the house of commons .	英国首席执行官阿里斯特·达林与他的部长红色发射箱一起拥有 , 因为他离开11号下街 , 路径将每年的预算送给普通的房子 。
the killing activity of nk cells and the proliferation rate of spleen cells were tested by mtt assay , and t cell subgroupcd4+ , cd8+ were tested by the indirect immune fluorescent assay .	通过mtt检测 , 测定了nk细胞的杀死活性及其增殖速率 , 并用直接免疫荧光法测定了t细胞子群d4+ , cd8+ 。
bamboo garden mighty yanlord house house , authentic lake a good room , all fully equipped highend furniture , all gifts , the landlord benevolent kind , good communication , the rich noble gas .	竹花园很容易雅诺尔多房子 , 真正的湖泊 , 全部设备高端家具 , 所有礼物 , 全部礼物 , 具有良好的沟通 , 良好的沟通 , 贵族气体 。
in sperm and oocyte , it is proved that the calcium signals have great roles in series of complicated processes: capacitation , acrosome reaction , oocyte maturation , fertilization , embryo cleavage etc .	在精子和卵巢中 , 证明钙信号在一系列复杂过程中具有重要作用:接收、环境反应、卵巢成熟、肥胖、胚胎干燥等 。
nangong selection of quality smoked pork dish , and add the proportion of fresh eggs , pure mungbean starch , ginger and small grinding sesame oil , stirring into a porridgelike , poured into casings .	南通选取质量吸烟猪肉菜 , 添加新鲜的蛋比例 , 纯蘑菇淀粉 , 姜和小粒子油 , 搅拌成一片土豆 , 加入铸造 。
the elections in tunisia and the dramatic demise of former libyan leader muammar alqaddafi have pushed the allegations of an iransponsored plot to assassinate the saudi envoy to washington on u .	突尼西亚的选举和前利比亚领导人穆罕默尔·卡扎菲的戏剧贬值已经推动了伊朗赞助的插图的指控 , 以避免苏联对华盛顿的启示 。
ics bbtv is a brand new broadband tv client developed by shanghai media group broadband co . ltd and ics , which enables people watching copyrighted programs of ics , both live and vod , for free .	icsbtv是上海媒体集团有限公司开发的新广带电视客户机 , 它使人们看到了ics , 两个生命和vod的复制程序 。
a town of northern ethiopia south of asmara . emperor menelik ii decisively defeated the italians here in 1896 to secure recognition of ethiopia's independence . population , 21 , 107 .	1896年 , 阿马拉南部的埃塞俄比亚城镇 , 梅尼克决定在这里击败意大利人 , 保障埃塞俄比亚独立的认可 。
but with this example alone can you realize that with some more exercise of thoughts and intelligent i don't wanna say intelligent design here , intelligent design can you actually solve this problem so much more efficiently and just as correctly .	但是 , 在这个例子中 , 只有你才能认识到有更多的思想和智能运动 , 我不会说智能设计 , 智能设计实际上可以更有效地解决这个问题 , 就像正确的那样 。
rome , april 7 the strong earthquake that hit central italy on monday has killed at least 150 people , injured some 1 , 500 and left around 70 , 000 homeless , italian media reported on tuesday .	据意大利媒体周二报道 , 4月7日 , 意大利的强大地震袭击中心意大利至少有150人死亡 , 伤亡大约1500人 , 留下了约7万人无家的地震 。
according to onboard military officers , sailors on the destroyer , coded ddg169 wuhan , carried out comprehensive exercises focusing on rapid response , inspections , and simulated attacks .	根据上述军事官员 , 摧毁者的航行员ddg169武汉编码了ddg169武汉 , 进行了全面运动 , 重点关注快速响应、检查和模拟攻击 。
paul's message in all of these things is that , i didn't do anything wrong , i'm just here to obey the law , i'm here to serve my people , to honor the traditions of my people and my ethnic group , the jews .	保罗在所有这些事情中的消息是 , 我没有做任何错误的事情 , 我只是在这里遵守法律 , 我在这里为我的民族和我的民族传统 。
like previous attacks , wednesday's incident in hong kong's busy north point district involved corrosive liquid apparently thrown into a crowded shopping district from a nearby highrise building .	像以前的攻击一样 , 星期三在香港北部繁忙的北点地区的事件显然在附近的高层建筑中扔进了一个拥挤的购物区 。
the level of employment is ultimately determined by aggregate demand , and aggregate demand is determined by whatever the central bank thinks the economy can bear , without jeopardising stable prices .	工业水平最终由聚合需求确定 , 集合需求决定 , 无论中央银行认为经济能承担 , 没有珠宝稳定的稳定价格 。
their study subjects ate vegetarian whole foods with 10 percent of calories from fat , walked 30 minutes six days a week , used stressreducing techniques , and went to a weekly support group .	他们的研究对象每周吃蔬菜整个食品 , 每周每天都有10%的热量 , 每天30分钟 , 使用压缩技术 , 每周来支持一组热量 。
here the supermarket and street stalls coexist , variety of handicraft souvenirs , with ivory and wood carvings of figures , pest birds , flowers , shape lifelike lifelike , are tourists shopping places .	在这里 , 超市和街道上站着共存 , 各种手工的南方 , 拥有ivory和木雕 , 虫子 , 花 , 花 , 形状的生活 , 是游客购物的地方 。
the purpose of this study was to describe norms of pinch strength for normal taiwanese adults and to investigate the effects the of age , gender , height , weight , and digit length on pinch strength .	本研究旨在描述正常台湾成年人正常的pinch强度规范 , 探讨年龄、性别高、重量、数字长度对pinch强度的影响 。
beijingfuzhou highway , 104national road , the beijingshanghai railway runs through the north and the south , since ancient times as " fdbwa three , nine province thoroughfare " place .	北京福州高速公路104个国家道路 , 北京杭海铁路通过北京和南方运行 , 因为古代 " fdbwa三 " 九省thougfare " 地点 。
it is the tallest rocket to emerge from the vehicle assembly building since the massive 363foot saturn v rocket used to launch apollo astronauts to the moon in the 1960s and 1970s .	自1960年至1970年代和1970年代 , 汽车组装最高的火箭是从车辆出现的最高的火箭 。
how can the miaos women living in the remote mountain area get to know yinyang fish , the typical symbolic logo of han's culture , and embody the socalled yinyang philosophy in their embroidery ?	如何生活在遥远山区的苗族女性如何知道尹阳鱼 , 汉文化典型的象征标志标志 , 体现了所谓的阴阳哲学 ?
on monday and tuesday , students boycotted classes and examinations while several thousand students maintained a peaceful demonstration outside the college's administration building , students said .	学生表示 , 周二和周二 , 学生在大学管理建筑外保持和平示威 , 数千名学生说 。
wen jiabao , carry out seriously the spirit of the 17th cpc national congress , devote more efforts to the anticorruption work and a clean and honest government construction , 9 qiushi , 6 .	温家宝 , 严肃执行第17届cpc国家议会精神 , 为抗腐败工作和诚实的政府建设 , 6 。
february 6 , 2005 , the ministry of commerce issued " for the " thousands of rural villages " the pilot informed the market works " officially launched " thousands of rural villages " the market works .	2005年2月6日 , 2005年2月6日 , 商务部发布了 " 数千名农村村村 " , 飞行员告诉市场作品 " 正式发布 " 数千名农村村 " 的市场作品 。
building on its expertise in amoled technology , the samsung nx10 sports a large 3 . 0 " amoled screen , delivering a far brighter and clearer image than comparable lcd screens . "	三星nx10运动大型3.0 " 摩擦工艺专家建立了它的专业 , 比较lcd屏幕更清晰的图像 。
this may result in either a ) the polar ice caps melt , forcing mankind to live on boats with kevin costner or b ) the gulf stream stops , turning new york city into an enormous icecube .	这可能导致一个 " 极性冰帽 " 熔融 , 迫使人类与凯文的费用伙伴住在船上 , 或者 " 湾流 " 停止 , 转变纽约城进了巨大的冰川 。
based on structural risk minimization principal , the influences of the error penalty parameter c and the kernel parameter σ on support vector machines generalization ability are studied .	基于结构风险微化原理 , 研究了误差penalty参数c和内核参数对矢量机的支持能力的影响 。
under semantics guidance , through the full title sentence's analysis and the full title sentence's probabilistic logic system , we have a good solution for full title sentence's inductive acceptance .	在语义指导下 , 通过全名句的分析和全名句的概率逻辑系统 , 我们有良好的解决方案 。
on hearing her routine , christopher hitchens , a polemicist , remarked that “when comedians flatter the president , they become court jesters , and the country becomes a banana republic . ”	在听到她的路线上 , 基督教徒克里斯托弗·赫奇 , 一个极端主义者 , 说 " 当喜剧家平坦总统 , 他们成为法庭主义者 , 这个国家成为了巴纳共和国 。 "
as jamel belhaj , general director of public debt in tunisia , puts it , “it is very important for us to maintain an optimal combination of fixed and floating rate debt to manage our debt service costs .	随着唐尼斯公债总监詹姆尔·贝尔哈贾 , 提出: " 这对我们保持固定和浮动率的最佳结合 , 是管理我们债务服务成本的重要内容 。 "
designed to access the electronic control and diagnostic systems such as engine , diesel pump , gearbox , clutch , brakes , asd , asr , srs , electrical roof control , dash panel and ac/heating .	设计访问引擎、柴油泵、齿轮箱、齿轮机、齿轮机、刹车、asd、rs、srs、电气屋顶控制等电子诊断系统 。
the lawyers' associations shall conduct professional selfregulation of the practice of law by lawyers in accordance with the lawyers law , bylaws of lawyers' associations and professional rules .	律师协会应当根据律师法律法、律师协会法律、律师协会法律、律师职业规则执行专业自我规定 。
it is important to recognize the circulatory dysfunction in the elderly trauma patients may be primarily caused by hypovolemia , but to differentiate it from cardiac insufficiency may be necessary .	老年创伤患者中循环功能的重要因素 , 可能主要是因为缺血症引起的 , 但对心脏不足的区别可能是必要的 。
" we talk about five core competencies in social and emotional learning , " says weissberg , " selfawareness , selfmanagement , social awareness , relationship skills , and responsible decision making .	" 我们在社会和情感学习中谈到五个核心竞争 , " 魏斯伯格说 , " 自我意识、社会意识、关系技能和责任决策 。
waste water treatment , water purification , dewatering , bar screen , rotary drum screen , jet diffuser , pump , water filter , belt filter press , powder dissolver pumps and pumping equipment .	废水处理 , 水净化 , 水洗 , 屏幕 , 旋转鼓屏幕 , 喷气扩散器 , 泵 , 水滤波器 , 带滤波器 , 粉末溶液泵和泵设备 。
the basic principles and simulation methods of a nullcouplerbased oadm are studied firstly , especially in the crosstalk of a ybranch structure and the coupling properties of a tilted grating .	首先研究了基于nullcoupler的oadm的基本原理和仿真方法 , 尤其是在ybranch结构的交叉谈中 , 以及电梯的耦合性能 。
george w bush , who is regularly in bed by 10pm , thomas edison , napoleon , condoleezza rice , who wakes at 4 . 30am , and ernest hemingway are among those known as larks .	乔治 ? 布什正常在床上 , 托马斯爱迪生 , 拿破仑 , 康多拉齐沙米 , 4.30米 , 最严肃的海明威是那些被称为拉克的人之一 。
it had been concluded that some certain intermacromolecult cross link was formed among finishing agents and fiber by means of acid and alkalic hydrolysis , amino acid analysis and tg method .	研究结果表明 , 采用酸和碱解、氨基酸分析、氨基酸酸分析和tg方法 , 制备了某些超微分子交叉链接 。
s . refused to sign the agreement , and is urging the united nations' convention on certain conventional weapons " a protocol attached , so as to provide legitimacy to the use of cluster weapons . "	美国拒绝签署协议 , 敦促联合国对某些传统武器的协议 " , 协议为集群武器使用提供立法性 。
i estimate that , based on economic values , these losses will to a further $800 billion to $900 billion , putting total credit losses north of $1 . 7 trillion for the whole period of the crisis .	我估计 , 在经济价值的基础上 , 这些损失将进一步达到900亿美元 , 将总信贷亏损1.7万亿美元的整个危机时期 。
supachai's comments come as the u . s . house of representatives friday is expected to vote again on a revised $700 billion bailout plan after the bill was struck down monday .	星期五 , 苏巴chai的评论显示 , 美国代表家星期五预计再次投票700亿美元的破产计划 , 预计在本周一公布之后再次投票 。
licensor desires to grant to the licensee for agreed sum of money as provided herein , and licensee desires to obtain from licensor , nonassignable , geographically restrictive license .	许可证人希望向许可证人签署同意金钱的许可证人 , 并且许可人希望获得许可证人、无签署、地理限制许可证人 。
based on the fermented yoghourt , we took fresh milk as raw material and added stabilizer , honey , essence and sugars into it to produce fruity flavor drinks with lactic acid bacteria .	基于发酵的瑜伽小时 , 我们用新鲜的奶作为原材料 , 添加了稳定剂 , 蜂蜜精华 , 糖进入其中 , 产生水果味饮料 。
poet yiannis ritsos once called monemvasia " a ship of stone , " and those who have visited rave about " rugged , saltofthe earthbeauty " that provides " a refreshing escape " from the real world .	诗人亚尼斯·里特斯曾经称为蒙莫瓦西亚 " 一艘石船 " , 那些曾经访问过 " 垃圾 " , 沙尔托夫 " 的 " 地球美 " 为 " 提供 " 新鲜的逃离 " 。
when this happens , the pancreas produces greater amounts to compensate , flooding the bloodstream with insulin ; high levels of insulin in the blood have been linked to [some types of] cancer .	当这种事件发生时 , 胰岛产生更多的补偿量 , 与胰岛素的血液流量 , 血液中胰岛素的高水平被联系到[ome类型的癌症 。
this patent pending formula , amidren contains efficacious amounts of clinically proven natural ingredients to address the 5 critical stages of male hormone modulation to address andropause as men age .	本专利支持公式 , 中医有效的临床证明了自然成分 , 以解决男性激素调制的5个关键阶段 。
while a full takeover is seen as a stretch , some companies that may cast an eye over the unit include hp's rivals in asia such as china's lenovo group ltd and taiwan's acer inc , banking sources said .	银行资源表示 , 尽管全部采购被视为一个伸展 , 但有些公司可能会在亚洲引起hp的竞争对手包括中国利诺夫集团有限公司和台湾的航空公司 。
the necessity and thinking on the structural adjustment in agricultural industry is discussed , on the basis of investigation and analysis on agricultural present situation of xiangtan city .	讨论了湘潭市农业结构调整的必要性和思考 , 针对湘潭市农业现状进行调查和分析 。
single fundamental mode verticalcavity surfaceemitting laserhas potential applications such as data transmission in optical network , optical interconnect , optical storage , and laser printing .	光网、光学间接、光学存储、激光印刷等单基本模式垂直腔可能应用于光学网络、光学存储、光学存储等 。
spending in 2010 decreased 1 . 3% , after the country’s defense ministry recommended germany close several army bases and cut the number of troops from 250 , 000 to 180 , 000 .	2010年 , 德国防部推荐德国近几个军队基地 , 减少了1.3% , 削减了250万到18万军队的军队数量 。
qiu lin is new , heavy is good for her , but she is hypocritical in the eyes of others . < /p> < p> qiu lin went to the director , insisted on their own , the director appreciate her .	秦林是新型的 , 重量对她来说很好 , 但她在其他人眼中是假说的 , </p><qulin去董事 , 坚持自己 , 导演欣赏她 。
keenly awaited growth figures for the fourth quarter of 2008 were as clear as mud to most analysts , who were left struggling to work out what is really happening in the world's thirdlargest economy .	2008年的第四季度 , 凯恩等待着2008年第四季度的增长数字显然像泥泞一样清楚 , 大多数分析师们留下了努力 , 努力解决世界第三大经济发生的事情 。
in order to establish a fullfledged market economy in our country , we must have a better bankruptcy law , which should remedy the shortcomings of the current law lacking of individual bankruptcy .	为了建立我国全面的市场经济 , 我们必须有更好的破产法律 , 应该恢复当前的法律缺乏个人破产的缺陷 。
through simulation and modification , more accuracy experiment data were gained . the calibration curve of alanine dosimeter irradiated by proton was obtained at last . the linear coefficient is 0 . 999 5 .	通过仿真和修改 , 得到了较多精度的实验数据 , 得到了亚氨多米相辐射的校准曲线 , 最后得到了线性系数为0.995 。
it's going to run through the loop , accumulating the answers , but because i'm subtracting , x it's just going to keep making x more and more negative as it goes along , again it's off into an infinite loop .	它将通过循环运行 , 积累回答 , 但是因为我正在提取 , x只是在它沿着时保持x和更多的负面 , 再次将它变成无限的循环 。
joe biden , the vicepresident , responding to republican sniping today in an interview with nbc . " i hear a lot of criticism , but i never hear anything [suggested] in response .	约伯登 , 副总统 , 反应今天共和党滑雪采访 , " 我听到了很多批评 , 但我从来没有听到任何东西的反应 。
the high mountain is a unique environment . the mountain range poses tough trials for the life forms that inhabit it . yet , the challenges provide the necessary motives for species to adapt and evolve .	高山是一个独特的环境 , 山坡范围对居住它的生活形式有艰难的试验 , 然而 , 挑战为物种适应和进化提供必要的动机 。
the results showe that it can assist the experiments making glucose plasma which desire ideal de value . and it can significantly reduce the number of experiments , save human resource , money and time .	结果表明 , 可协助实验制定葡萄糖等离子体 , 具有理想的de值 , 能明显降低实验、节省人力资源、时间 。
earlier today , all things considered host robert siegel asked anthony carnevale , director of georgetown university's center on education and the workforce , if that number is correct .	今天早些时候 , 所有东西都认为主持罗伯特·西格尔问安东尼·卡内瓦 , 乔治敦大学教育中心主任 , 如果工作力是正确的 。
even if you're running a oneperson business , invite your spouse or significant other , a trusted friend who knows your business , andif you can afford the hourly feesyour accountant or attorney .	即使你正在运行一个person业务 , 邀请你的话 , 一个信任的朋友 , 知道你的业务 , 如果你能承担一个小时费用的账户或监督 。
china's ravenous appetite for energy puts the country at risk of reaching a point of “peak coal , ” when demand for coal will outstrip domestic production capacity , a growing number of experts believe .	中国的能源丰富的饮食使得全国在达到 " peak煤 " 的风险 , 当需求出现国内生产能力的时候 , 专家认为 , 煤的需求将会扩大国内生产能力 , 增长的专家相信 。
i create sculptural ceramic work which , although abstract , is rooted in the natural world . simple curved and undulating forms explore biomorphic shapes and structural growth patterns .	我创造了雕塑陶瓷作品 , 虽然抽象 , 在自然世界中被根源 , 但简单的曲线和不规则的形式探索生物理形态和结构增长模式 。
generally , college savings plans are managed on a very aggressive portfolio of assets in the child’s younger years , switching to a more conservative portfolio as the child nears collegeready age .	一般来说 , 大学节省计划是在孩子年轻的资产集团中管理的一个非常激进的组合 , 更多的保守组合 , 就像孩子附近的孩子一样 。
medium and late powdery cushaw , the matured fruit is off white skin with little green , high starchiness , high quality , fit to freezed treatment or cushaw powder , planted in early spring .	中晚的粉末 , 成熟的水果在白色的皮肤上 , 小绿色 , 明星 , 质量高 , 适合冷冻的处理或定制粉末 , 种植于春天早期 。
china has had many 4000 company , according to baidu money signs up for exposure first quarter , in the client amount that baidu advertises , only 161 thousand , 0 . 4% what hold company sum total only .	据百度资金签署的第一季度 , 中国拥有4000家公司 , 只有百度广告 , 只有161万 , 0.4%的持有公司总总额 。
for more on the thinking behind times open , watch the yahoo developer network's interview with nyt's derek gottfrid , senior software architect the man behind the times open gathering .	越来越多的思维开放 , 看看雅虎开发商网络的采访 , 与nyt的derek获得了rid , 高级软件架构师在时间开放的时候 , 看着雅虎开放者的采 。
in icrp 1990 recommendations , a new weighting factor——radiation weighting factorw_r was introduced to replace the quality factor q for modifying the absorbed dose averaged over atissue or organ .	在1990年的icrp建议中 , 介绍了一种新的重量因子-辐射重量因子-wr , 以取代吸收剂量的质量因子q , 以改变吸收剂量平均量 。
an algorithm for marking pitch at the location of the largest amplitude of continuous speech signal is described , which is based on the finding of glottal closure instants in laryngograph signal .	介绍了一种基于lryo图像信号的全球闭路实例的算法 , 描述了连续语音信号的最大幅度的标记匹配算法 。
the liverpool manager , who has presided over six defeats in the last eight matches ahead of birmingham city's visit tonight , claimed he was " 100% sure " his team would start to climb the table .	利物浦经理今天晚上八场比赛的利物浦总统在上次六场比赛中 , 声称他是 " 100%的 " , 他的队伍将开始攀登这个表 。
" when we use this technique to target gm plants , we can simply identify and kill the accidentally released gm strains without hurting conventional plants , " shen told scidev . net .	" 当我们使用这种技术来目标gm植物时 , 我们就可以简单地识别并杀死了无伤害传统植物的gm株 , " 沈告诉网络 。
" happy people drag their spouses out of bed to go exercise , and they encourage them to eat healthier , " says bill chopik an associate psychology 3 professor at msu , and lead author of the study .	" 幸福的人从床上拖出来 , 他们鼓励他们吃健康 , " 比尔·霍皮克在msu的心理3教授说 。
though many people continue to identify black eyeliner with a retro look , zoller says it's never really gone out of style at auditions , and it's attractive as long as it's not applied too heavily .	虽然许多人仍然继续识别黑眼睛 , 但佐勒说 , 它从来没有在审计上出现风格 , 只要它也不适用于太严重 。
chinese cities gained as the yuan strengthened somewhat against most other currencies , said mercer . shanghai , shenzhen and guangzhou moved up to 12th , 22nd and 23rd respectively .	上海、深圳和广州等大多数货币增强 , 中国城市获得了一定的增强 , 22nd和23rd 。
as a result , it's often easier to use static vxml files even if that option offers less flexibility , reactivity , and extensibility than to go with servlets and frequent recompilations .	因此 , 即使选项提供的灵活性、反应性和可扩展性要小于使用静态vxml文件 , 更容易使用静态vxml文件 。
natural carnival , life of the party , our after the sentiment , smart touch gladdening the heart and refreshing the mind , strong hazel incense bring multiple taste , suddenly lifeincomparable .	自然保护 , 党的生活 , 我们的情感 , 智慧触动心灵 , 清新心灵 , 强烈的危害 , 突然带来了多样的味道 , 突然生活不可比 。
this week , xstrata , another big mining firm , suspended operations at a nickel mine in the dominican republic while converting its power supply to run on coal , rather than—more expensive—oil .	本周 , xstrata , 另一家大型采矿公司 , 在多米尼克尔共和国的尼克尔矿中支持运营 , 而且把它的电源转换到煤炭上 , 而不仅仅是昂贵的 。
according to importance value , the vegetation in beijing wulingshan nature reserve can be classified into 3 vegetation type groups , 5 vegetation types , 42 formations and 139 associations .	根据重要价值 , 北京武陵山自然保护区植被分为3种植物类型、5种植物类型、42种类型和139个协会 。
and , that's a good thing to know because if you come out with an answer that's somewhere near the diameter of the universe and it's supposed to be the diameter of an atom , then you will know that you probably made a mistake .	而且 , 这是一个很好的东西 , 因为如果你来回答宇宙的直径附近的某些地方 , 那么它是原子的直径 , 你会知道你可能会做错误 。
the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite captured these falsecolor images on january 15 , 2010 , and january 21 , 2003 .	2010年1月15日 , 美国航天局的太空气热排放和反射辐射器在美国航天卫星捕获这些假彩色图像 , 以及2003年1月21日 。
there is a great need for deeply understanding the functions of single molecule of schistosomes in vivo due to the accumulated information from schistosome genomics , transcriptomics and proteomics .	由于schome、转录原理和蛋白质学积累信息 , 因此 , 深入了解生物单分子的功能 。
the dead sea mineral improves the skin cells metabolism relieves muscle cramps and stiffness . protects body against fluid loss and balances acidalkali levels .	死亡海矿改善皮肤细胞代谢缓解肌肉裂纹和刚度 , 保护身体对流体损失和平衡酸碱水平 。
this company endeavors to hardening , normalizing , tempering , high and medium temperature quenching , mesh belt furnace quenching , cementing , time effective freezing and high temperature treatment etc .	本公司内容为硬化、正常化、温度高、中等温度淬火、现金带淬火、水泥、水泥、时间冻结和高温处理等 。
ma haiyan ; chemical engineering department of nantong university zhang hao & liu zhaofeng ; state key lab for modification of chemical fibers and polymer materials ; donghua university ;	马海洋 ; 南通大学张浩峰大学化学工程系 ; 国家关键实验室为化学纤维和聚合物材料改造提供依据 ;
new york , us: nassau county police officers on horseback patrol outside the best buy electronics store on black friday , which marks the traditional start of the festive shopping season .	纽约:美国nasau县警察在周五在最好的购买电子商店外 , 标志着传统的购物季节的传统开始 。
volunteers of america helper rodney cunningham unloads boxes of thanksgiving food for lowincome families . he'll be getting a box himself to feed his four children and grandchildren .	美国帮助者rodneycuninham的志愿者将感谢给低收入家庭提供的食物盒子 , 他将会自身喂养自己的四个孩子和孙子 。
" wuzhen has a kind of nourishing energy , " said meng jinghui , the artistic director of this year's theater festival . " in terms of content and budget , they have given us complete freedom .	" 吴镇有一种营养能源 , " 今年剧院的艺术总监孟静惠说 , " 在内容和预算方面 , 他们已经给我们完全自由 。
after appreciating the exhibition , mr . coumet bought several kinds of souvenir on display and inquired on the business of buying pictures , showing heartfelt affection towards the master's works .	经过欣赏展览之后 , 专栏先生在展览上购买图片的业务上买了几种方便 , 向主人的作品展示了心灵感情 。
the spotchecking results of fiber grade pet chip were analysed from intrinsic viscosity , diethylene glycol content , melt point , carboxyl end group , color , agglomerating particle and powder .	分析了纤维级pt芯片的检测结果 , 来自内部粘度、死亡甘油含量、熔化点、羧基端组、聚集粒子和粉末等 。
in the eyes following son , rich brocade scale up of the beauty is engaging , pure such as the face of jade send forth a radiant ray of light and show people heart to concuss perfect creature chi .	在以下儿子的眼睛中 , 丰富的宽阔的大规模正在加入美丽 , 纯洁的jad发送了光线 , 显示出人们心中追求完美的生物精神 。
first , yuanshizhu emperor kublai khan ended after the unification war , firmly once issued an order south demolishing the city city wall , after demolishing strictly prohibited repairing .	首先 , 元石庄皇帝库布拉伊在联合战争结束后 , 坚决发布了一次命令解决城市墙后 , 严格禁止修复 。
the expression of pdgf a was mainly found in the renal distal tubule and epithelial cells of distal straight tubule and glomerulus capillary , but igf 1 in transplanting artery equal expressed .	pdgf的表达主要是在移植动脉中发现的肾脏管和上皮细胞 , 远端直管和glomerus胶囊表达 , 但同样在移植动脉中igf1 。
how much people make is " the no . 1 lie , " says julie jansen , a careercoach and author of " i don’t know what i want , but i know it’s not this . " " i tell my clients not to embellish their salaries . "	职业教练朱莉·詹森说: " 我不知道我想要的东西 , 但我知道这并非这样 。 " 我告诉我的客户不要强调他们的薪水 " 。
the budget of a local government at any level includes revenues turned over by the governments at lower levels and revenues refunded or subsidies granted by the governments at higher levels .	任何水平的地方政府的预算包括政府在较低水平和收入的低水平和收入的收入和补贴 。
you may perhaps have some pleasant , thrilling , glorious hourss , even in a poorhouse . the setting sun is reflected from the windows of the almshouse as brightly as from the rich man's abode ;	或许你可能有一些快乐 , 冲浪 , 光亮的小时 , 即使在贫穷的房子里 , 设定的阳光从上面的窗户中反映出来 ;
at least 20 local madrassa students have disappeared , most likely to join the fight in afghanistan , he says , and taliban backers are even trying to stop the traditional music and dancing at weddings .	他说 , 至少20名当地马德拉萨学生已经消失了 , 大多数可能加入阿富汗战斗 , 塔利班后卫甚至试图阻止传统音乐和舞蹈在婚礼上 。
method according to the criterions of diagnosis and degree established by respiratoy branch of chinese medicine academy , 81 patients of mild or moderate bronchial asthma was selected .	方法根据中医学院81例急性支气管哮喘患者的诊断和程度 , 选择中医学院呼吸分支的标准 。
this is based on changes that first appeared during aix 5 . 3 , when you no longer had to turn off strict_maxclient , increase minfrree and maxfree , or reduce minperm , maxperm , and maxclient .	这基于aix5.3中第一个出现的变化 , 当你不再需要重新关闭严格的maxclient时 , 增加minfire和maxfree , 或者减少最小的 , 最大lient 。
the cboe volatility index or vix . vix , wall street's socalled fear gauge , fell despite a decline in stocks earlier in the day as traders saw fewer reasons to buy protection .	cboe电压指数或维克斯.维克斯 , 华尔街所谓的恐惧指标 , 尽管今天早些时候股票下跌 , 但当商人看到的原因是买保护 。
the council for a parliament of the world's religions has organized meetings in 1999 in cape town , south africa ; in 2004 in barcelona , spain ; and the next is set for 2009 in australia .	世界宗教议会议会于1999年在澳大利亚卡普镇举办会议 , 2004年 , 巴塞罗那 , 西班牙 , 下一次在澳大利亚设立 。
the good news is that h1n1 is hitting north america at the tail end of its flu season . it's possible that the virus may peter out and reappear next autumn , but that gives us months to prepare .	好消息是 , h1n1正在击败北美洲的流感季节的尾巴 , 可能是病毒可能会彼得和重复在秋天 , 但这给我们准备好几个月 。
" it's good to know every game is winnable , " lamar odom said after practice saturday . " so we're down 10 , with seven minutes left , six minutes left , we know that we can come back and win that game .	" 每场比赛都是胜利的 , " 拉马奥多周六说 , " 所以我们下了10分钟 , 离开了六分钟 , 我们知道我们可以回来和赢得这场比赛 。
importantly , the wellestablished and proven workflow processes of tmcs that feed into corporate clients’ systems rely almost exclusively upon the airline booking and servicing capabilities of gdss .	重要的是 , 建立和证明了tmcs的工作流程 , 这些流程将进入公司客户机系统的系统依赖于航空预订和服务能力 。
the conservative firebrand has signed a multiyear deal to serve as a fox news contributor , the cable channel's executive vice president for programming , bill shine , said in a statement .	在一份声明中 , 电缆通道的执行副总裁billshine在一份声明中表示 , 保守消防队员已经签署了多年的交易 。
the international community spent an estimated $500 million to bankroll the vote , which senior u . s . and u . n . officials acknowledged in recent weeks would be far from perfect .	最近几周 , 国际社区花了500万美元去银行投票 , 美国高级官员承认 , 美国政府将远远离完美 。
" there is therefore a need to take into account dietary habits when designing studies to assess the association between flavonoidrich foods , antioxidant activity and degenerative disease , " they add .	他们补充说: " 因此在设计研究黄酮类食品、抗氧化剂活性和变性疾病之间 , 需要考虑饮食习惯 。 "
and then we said you can also achieve octet stability and electron transfer if you look at elements that are just a little bit rich of electrons versus octet stability or a little bit lean of electrons .	然后 , 我们说 , 如果你看到电子的元素 , 你也可以实现卵巢稳定性和电子传递 , 那么你也可以实现电子传递 。
based on high effective locations algorithm and error estimate , improvement of the publickey scheme based on chebyshev maps proposed recently was presented and a key agreement protocol was given .	基于高效位置算法和误差估计 , 提出了基于切比shev地图的公钥方案的改进 , 提出了一种基于切比shev地图的关键协议 。
six kinds of new schiff base tripodals were prepared by using the triethanolamine , salicylaldehyde , and amines as materials . the synthesis of these compounds are shown as follows .	采用三甲醇胺、三甲醛和胺为材料 , 制备了六种新型schiff基底三聚合物 , 合成这些化合物 。
she had brought up bits of old packing cases and the seats of broken kitchen chairs , and things of that sort , and spread them across from rafter to rafter so as to make a bit of floor .	她带来了一些旧包装案件和破碎厨房椅的座位 , 还有那种类型的东西 , 把它们传播到rafter上 , 所以要做一些地板 。
cocacola south pacific last year ran advertising titled " motherhood &mythbusting , " featuring popular australian actress kerry armstrong and claiming coke was " kiddy safe .	去年 , 可口可口可乐南太平洋广告称 " 母亲和妈妈 " , " 特色是澳大利亚女演员克里·阿姆斯特强 , 声称凯特是 " 孩子安全 " 。
it suggested that the malignant transformation of human embryo lung diploid fibroblast cell strain kmb17 cell could be induced by cofc , which might have potential carcinogenicity to human .	结果表明 , 人胚胎肺外分泌纤维细胞应变kmb17细胞的恶性转化可能导致癌症患者的可能性 。
epitaxial growth of lbd and laser on single crystal silicon film quartz substrate or single crystal silicon film quartz substrate deposited buffer layer .	lbd和激光在单晶硅薄膜基质上生长或单晶硅薄膜基质上 , 沉积缓冲层上 。
private secondary schools are unlikely to succeed in the situation have been beneficial to their own circumstances , to attract highquality source of students , the school must have a high quality .	私立二级学校不可能成功地成功 , 受益于自己的环境 , 吸引高质量的学生 , 学校必须有高质量 。
conclusion the expression status of her2 is closely related with gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma , the positive expression of her2 is a poor prognosis indicator for gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma .	结论其2的表达状况与胃心肌癌有密切相关 , 其阳性表达为胃癌的预后指标 。
methods: gene chip and rtpcr were used to study expression of cxcr4 mrna in two cell lines and the cxcr4 surface expression was also examined by flow cytometry analysis .	方法:采用基因芯片和rtpcrrrrr-4mrna在两个细胞线中研究cxcr4mrna的表达 , 并采用流式细胞分析方法对cxcr4表达进行了研究 。
the performance nevertheless missed wall street expectations , as the new yorkbased life insurer raised capital for its $15 . 5 billion purchase of american life insurance co . , or alico .	尽管华尔街预期不会失踪 , 因为纽约的生命保险公司提高了1555亿美元的美国生活保险公司的资本 。
build scripts in languages like groovy or ruby are more concise and easier to read . there’s less clutter , boilerplate code , and your build script can be structured better .	如groovy或ruby这样的语言中构建脚本更容易阅读 , 更容易 , 还有更小的关闭程序 , 锅炉代码 , 以及您的建立脚本可以更好地结构化 。
the fall of rome did not destroy one of the most important tenacious and significant aspects of the old culture , the roman catholic church , which remained and became the central fact for the new culture .	罗马的秋天并没有毁坏新文化最重要的重大宗旨和重要方面之一 , 罗马天主教堂仍然成为新文化的中心因素 。
mr paisley , who leads the dup , the largest unionist party , is an 80yearold protestant cleric who has spent his life denouncing the very idea of a rapprochement with republican leaders like mr adams .	巴西利先生 , 他领导了杜普 , 最大的联合党 , 是一个80岁的抗议员 , 他在与共和党领导人共和党一起宣布他的生活 。
in america babyboomers are flooding into retirement ; in europe the market is greying ; and in india and china the large number of graduates masks low numbers of truly highquality candidates .	在美国婴儿流入退休 , 在欧洲 , 市场是绿色的 ; 印度和中国大量的毕业生面积低的候选人数 。
the 1974 neonoir movie “chinatown” was based on the insider land grab by speculators and the bitter water wars the department of water and power fought during the 1930s with owens valley residents .	1974年 , 新生电影 " chinatown " 基于投机者的内部土地抓住 , 以及在20世纪30年代的欧文山谷居民战争 。
on m111 engine test bench , using the test methods specified in gb/t19230 . 62003 , the effect of different oils to deposits at air inlet valve and combustion chamber of the engine is studied .	在gb/t19230.62003中指定的m11发动机试验台上 , 研究了不同油在空气输入阀和燃烧室中的作用 。
if several hundred thousand more haitians were able to migrate , those dominican , honduran or salvadoran numbers suggest that remittances to haiti would give its economy a huge and continuing jolt .	如果数百万名海地人能移民 , 那些多米尼亚、荷兰或萨尔沃多丹数字的话说 , 海地经济将给海地经济带来巨大的影响 。
perhaps people need to remember that china refused tosurrender to the japanese , and kept a third of the japanese armed forcesengaged , preventing them from being diverted to fight other alloed forces .	或许人们需要记住中国拒绝日本的旅游渲染者 , 并且保持三分之一的日军力量 , 防止他们被送往其他合作力量 。
i guess i’m saying that even though i’m not making a significant direct financial input into our family , the volunteer work that i do is significant enough that some people get paid to do it .	我想我说 , 尽管我没有做出重大直接直接的金融输入我们家庭 , 但志愿者的工作足够明显 , 但有些人得到付款 。
vicki back atmosphere was more awkward . < /p> < p> 11 weeks old and rainbow and eat together , two people about good signal if one felt good on the old week to pinch his ear .	维基回气氛越来越多 , </p><11周 , 11岁 , 雨虹一起吃 , 两个人在老星期觉得好信号 , 如果有一个人感觉到他耳朵很好 。
relatively new campaigning groups such as uk uncut will be joining traditional political attendees at the festival , including trade unions , as well as antinuclear , green and grassroots groups .	英国联合国的相对新活动组将在节日加入传统的政治参与 , 包括贸易联合会 , 以及一个连续的核、绿色和草根团体 。
the equilibrium temperatures of inclusion in pingbei area are characterized by double peak , which means at least two session of hydrocarbon filling occurred in the reservoir of pinghu formation .	采用双峰特征对平北地区的平衡温度进行了双峰特征 , 这意味着在平湖水库中至少发生两次水碳填充 。
the fluid was so hot that it made upper ordovician palaeotemperature go up 50 °c , and increased the hydrocarbongenerating rate of carbonate rock in ordovician 32 times at least .	这种流体很热 , 由于上奥多维亚的古生物温度达到50°c , 至少32倍以上的碳酸盐生成率增加 。
treated with high temperature steam produced by the autoclave and pressure cooker , the influence of high temperature steam treatment on the content of gcg in green tea was studied in this article .	本文研究了高温蒸汽对绿茶中高温蒸汽产生的影响 , 研究了高温蒸汽处理对绿茶含量的影响 。
the geometric model for target hitting analysis of predictive arctype trajectory is set up and its analytical solution is derived . this is a new algorithm for target hitting analysis .	建立了预测弧形轨迹的几何模型 , 建立了其分析解决方案 , 提出了一种新的目标攻击分析方法 。
in my opinion , having a dinner party can of couse reinforces the friendship among the friends . but it won't be forgoten that we shouldn't lay others' pain aside , while enjoying ourselves .	在我的意见上 , 有一个晚餐党可以加强朋友的友谊 , 但不会忘记我们不应该把别人的痛苦 , 而享受自己 。
the pavilion was made out of 12 translucent orange cylinders housing the exhibit's various functions: conference room , information booth , food stand , and advertising column , for example .	本馆由12个透明的橙色圆柱制成 , 展览的各种功能:会议室、信息发布室、食品站和广告列 。
as a gift to 2012 sinoseychelles culture year , the final of global cultural ambassador will be held on pearl on indian oceanbeautiful archipelago country seychelles .	作为2012年中海文化年的礼物 , 全球文化大使最后一次举行在印度海洋美丽的阿希拉哥国家海滩上 。
the japanese industry pavilion is quite near to the pavilion of urban civilization . japan has always paid great attention to participating in world expos , and surely it will not disappoint you .	日本工业馆非常近城市文明馆 , 日本总是关注世界暴露 , 确保它不会失望你 。
nowadays , our markets include southern and eastern europe , australia , middle east , southeastern asia and america , and we have regular shipment to many of these destinations monthly .	目前 , 我们的市场包括南欧、东欧、澳大利亚、中东、东南亚和美国 , 我们每月都有常规的货物 。
article 35 2 limit orders for options contracts may state that the order must be executed immediately or else be canceled , or must be executed immediately in full or else be canceled .	第三十五十二条选项合同的限制订单可能会立即执行订单 , 否则必须立即执行完全或其他其他人 。
wellknown for the loyalty to his sovereign , jeong mongju is a poet , scholar and famous minister who believes in confucianism during the gongmin and simwu dynasties of korea .	著名的忠诚为他的主权 , 玉蒙珠是一位诗人 , 学者和著名部长 , 他们相信在朝鲜和imu时期的儒家主义 。
women's or girls' suits , ensembles , jackets , blazers dresses , skirts , divided skirts , trousers , bib and brace overalls , breeches and shorts	妇女的服装 , 装饰 , 夹克 , 擦衣服 , 裙子 , 裙子 , 裙子 , 裤子 , 圣经和手镯整体 , 呼吸短裤 。
have " big sen " of business is drawing a voice to draw the color earth as the good believerses or the descriptions in the future fine blue print , or point out future generations maze ;	具有 " 大意义 " 的业务正在绘制一个声音 , 作为良好的信仰者或未来的蓝色印刷的描述 , 或指出未来的一代maze ;
this result discloses that gekko gecko may improve ovulatory function of patients with anovulatory dysfunctional uterine bleeding , anovulatory infertility , and so on .	结果发现 , gekogecko可能提高患者的卵巢功能 , 血管功能不足 , 血管不孕等 。
objective to illustrate the mechanism and significance of increased diagnostic rate of brachial plexus injuries using electromyographic examination of phrenic and accessory nerves .	目的:探讨用phrenic和访问神经检查方法提高脑卒中损伤的机理和意义 。
by combining with some project example , the bridge navigable clear width are calculated and analyzed . in addition , several advices are put forward for implementing current navigation standard .	结合某些项目实例 , 计算了桥梁可导航宽度的计算和分析 , 提出了几种建议 , 实现当前导航标准 。
yet there was one more surprise left in this uruguay team , with maxi pereira's injurytime strike turning the last minutes of the game into wetyourpants time for holland's defenders .	然而 , 在这个乌拉队中有更多惊讶的离开 , 马西·佩里拉的伤亡时间将最后一分钟的比赛转变成了荷兰的守卫时间 。
pop singer mariah carey was born on march 27 , 1970 in huntington , n . y . to an irishamerican opera singer mother and an africanvenezuelan engineer father .	1970年3月27日出生在亨廷顿 , 爱尔兰美国歌手玛丽娅·凯伊 , 是非洲人民工程师 。
however grist , the local force's equine liaison officer , cautioned drivers that they could face assault charges if their flag flew off and struck a pedestrian or a cyclist and hurt them .	然而 , 当地部队的平静利亚松官员称 , 如果他们的旗帜飞出来 , 他们就会面临灾难 。
in 1968 , with memories of the sixday war with israel fresh in arab minds , he caused a furore by kissing a jewish woman , barbra streisand , in the movie funny girl .	1968年 , 随着以色列新鲜的六天战争记忆 , 他因为亲吻一位犹太妇女 , 巴布拉·斯雷斯和在电影里的女孩而感到惊讶 。
the village stands far behind , and the streams that jog through the soft green valleys all about have as little knowledge of the seas as the threeyear old child of the storms and passions of manhood .	村庄站在远处 , 围绕着柔软的绿谷的溪流 , 所有关于海洋的知识 , 如三年的风暴和热情的孩子 。
their works not only expressed the depressed and discontented history and the palpitate unstable soul of ci poets , but reached the perfect fusion of current affairs and the aesthetic specialty of ci .	他们的作品不仅表达了社会诗歌不稳定的抑郁和忽视历史 , 又达到了当前事务的完美融合 , 以及ci的审美特色 。
modest pattinson , dubbed rpatz by fans , admitted he was still getting used to the fan hysteria , which kicked off in 2008 when he first played vampire edward cullen in the first twilight movie .	2008年 , 帕丁森最谦逊 , 由球迷们发出的rpatz承认他仍然被用于球迷hysteria , 当他在2008年第一次打败了瓦西·爱德华·卡伦在第二次电影中打败 。
when the crisis unfolded and markets devalued all banks across the board , investors picked up seemingly cheap stock , expecting earnings to normalize in 18 to 24 months , ocampo said .	ocampo说 , 当危机不折叠和市场价值全部银行时 , 投资者看起来很便宜的股票 , 预计收益在18至24个月 。
meanwhile , further arms cuts , both hope , might smooth the path to agreement on boosting the battered nuclear nonproliferation treaty at its fiveyearly review in 2010 ;	同时 , 进一步削减 , 双方希望 , 可能平滑的路径协议在2010年提高电池核不扩散条约的协议 ;
spain's carles puyol scores a goal past germany's goalkeeper manuel neuer during the 2010 world cup semifinal soccer match at moses mabhida stadium in durban july 7 , 2010 .	2010年7月7日 , 2010年7月7日 , 世界杯半决赛的马伯希达球场比赛中 , 西班牙的卡尔·普莱尔斯在德国进球 。
in a sign of increasing confidence in the pace of recovery , ford said it would begin to push its inventory levels over the 400 , 000vehicle level that it has maintained in recent months .	在恢复过程中 , 福特的信心增加的迹象中 , 福特表示 , 将开始推动其库存水平在最近几个月内保持的400万辆汽车水平 。
downing street said prime minister david cameron has decided to stop using the treasury as his personal photographer of two wages , so as to avoid " the wrong signal to the public release . "	下街说 , 总理大卫·卡梅隆决定停止使用财政作为两个工资的个人摄影师 , 因此避免 " 公众发布的错误信号 " 。
since being elected president in february 2010 , mr yanukovych has moved in two directions , consolidating his personal power but also pursuing economic integration with the european union .	自从2010年2月选举以来 , 元科夫奇先生搬进了两个方向 , 巩固个人权力 , 同时也追求与欧盟的经济整合 。
other features include electric starter with recoil backup , single lever hydraulic disc front brakes , hydraulic rear foot brake , stamped steel wheels , and comes in indy red .	其他特点包括电动启动器 , 带回收器 , 单杠液压盘前刹车 , 液压后脚刹车 , 挂着钢轮 , 红色 。
on a large television screen the previous day , elisabeth , 42 , had confronted her father with the full horror of her 24year ordeal in hour after hour of harrowing prerecorded testimony .	在前一天的大电视屏幕上 , 42岁的伊丽莎白 , 父亲面对着她的24年的全恐怖 , 几个小时后 , 她的父亲在这里面对着她的父亲 。
organizers hope the dinner will raise $185 , 000 for the royal parks , which provided the setting for scenes in the second film in the series , " bridget jones: the edge of reason . "	组织者希望晚餐将提高185万美元的皇家公园 , 为第二部电影提供场景 , " 桥琼斯:原因的边缘 。
since independence from britain in 1956 , sudan's northern leaders have fought to extend their power throughout the rebellious south , waging a civil war for all but 11 of the past 48 years .	自从1956年英国独立以来 , 苏丹北部领导人已经在反叛南方扩大他们的权力 , 为了过去48年的11年的民事战争 。
that is , until the great archaeological discoveries of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries , which unearthed for us the great civilizations of the ancient near east , of which i have drawn a remarkably lifelike map ] here on the board: mediterranean , i always start with the mediterranean ocean , the nile river , the tigris and the euphrates .	这是 , 直到十九世纪的伟大的考古发现 , 二十世纪的发现 , 对于我们来说是近东方的伟大文明 , 其中我已经绘制了一个明显的生命地图 , 在这里 , 这个地图是我在这里的 。
sanford c . bernstein analyst jeffrey lindsay estimates yahoo's standalone value at closer to $25 per share , leaving out any deal with microsoft or google . yahoo shares closed at $25 . 72 on tuesday .	桑福dc.伯恩斯坦分析师jeffreylndsay估计 , 雅虎股价近25美元 , 每股25美元 , 与微软或谷歌分享任何交易 。
and all of a sudden he had a crisis well , i'm not going to get into the depth of it but our banks , because they wanted to make more and more moneyand our investment bank , wall streetkept issuing different paper against mortgages so it made it simple to give a mortgage .	突然他有一个危机 , 我不会进入我们的银行深度 , 因为他们想赚更多的钱和我们的投资银行 , 华尔街头发布不同的抵押贷款 。
copies of these works , totaling 381 bundles , have been distributed so as to render them accessible to european scholars . prof . jayadeva singh writes in his " introduction to madhyamika philosophy " .	这些作品的副本总共381磅 , 所以在向欧洲学者提供了可访问 , 杰雅多娃·辛哈教授在他的 " 引入马达米基哲学 " 的介绍 。
the japanese artists isobe katsushiro and mizuno ryo continue to follow japanese beau ideal style , one draws the insect world with his pencils , another builds the weird atmosphere with his ball pens .	日本艺术家isobekatshiro和mizunoryo继续遵循日本美丽的风格 , 一幅画出了昆虫世界 , 另一幅建造了它的花瓣 。
portugal has several other tourism regions such as douro sul , templários , dãolafões , costa do sol , costa azul , planície dourada , etc . most of them are unknown to tourists and locals alike .	葡萄牙有许多其他旅游区 , 比如欧元苏尔 , 莫拉里奥 , 达莫拉里奥 , 哥斯塔 , 索尔 , 科斯塔 , 奥尔达 , 科斯塔 , 多拉 , 大多数旅游都是未知的旅游和当地的 。
