there is a television in the middle of living room .	住宅中间有一个电视 。
they will spend a lot of money on new buildings .	他们将花很多钱在新的建筑上 。
ifnecessary , we shall send a telegram home .	如果必要 , 我们将发送一个电信家 。
and you fixed them up with the plasters in your firstaid kit .	你把他们固定在你第一次的厨房里 。
the notsosubtle juxtaposition is inescapable .	难以置信的朱克斯塔位置是不可避免的 。
he's pasturing his cattle on the top meadow .	他正在过去 , 牛在顶部的地方 。
but his teacher commented: " you are not in yet . "	但是他的老师评论说: " 你还不在 。 "
but this was also a year in which the chinese dream showed clearly .	但这也是一年 , 中国梦见显然显然显示出来的 。
i shall join the lunch on 17 october 2010 .	我要在2010年10月17日加入午餐 。
he can whisper mellifluous nothings in my ear .	他可以在我的耳朵里不会有什么影响 。
the supply of raw material has been greatly reinforced .	原材料的供应很大程度上加强 。
this kind of walking tractor runs on diesel oil .	这种行走牵引器在柴油上运行 。
i bought a plastic cover for a typewriter .	我买了一套塑料盖 , 用于一个类型的作家 。
it had the spiral structure revealed by congo red .	它有刚果红的螺旋结构 。
because we're students we get in free of charge .	因为我们是学生 , 我们免费收费 。
this is what psychologists dream about at night .	这是什么心理学家在晚上梦想 。
let us know , let us pursue the knowledge of the lord .	让我们知道 , 让我们追求耶和华的知识 。
that he's not going to suddenly be left adrift .	那他不会突然离开 。
to assail with stinging criticism ; excoriate .	为了评价评价评价评价 ; 合理 。
example: a woman is married to mr . zhao .	例如:一个女人嫁给赵先生 。
i won 100 dollars in the scratch lottery .	我赢得了100美元 。
is it too much to ask for a little precipitation ?	这太多了 , 要求一点沉淀 ?
his efforts were defeated by the forces of reaction .	他的努力受到反应力的击败 。
contact the old knowledge , revealing new lesson .	联系旧知识 , 揭露新的课程 。
and here in london , you have a lot of africans .	在伦敦 , 你有很多非洲人 。
definitely huaqing pool . it's the most famous .	大概是华庆池 , 是最著名的 。
and all my little candle flames burned out ;	所有的小蜡烛都烧了出来 ;
i've called it 'wikiwiki . '	我已经称之为 " 维基维基 " 。
sickness is suffering , death is suffering ;	疾病正在遭受 , 死亡正在遭受 ;
indicate the operating sound level for each valve .	表示每个阀门的操作声水平 。
the children were marshalled into straight lines .	孩子们被划成直线 。
b:here is viewing fish at rower harbor .	b:地方正在浏览行人港口的鱼 。
at a party in paris after violetta's return .	在维罗拉塔回来后 , 在巴黎的一次聚会上 。
some of you have come fresh from narrow jail cells .	有些人来自狭窄的监狱细胞 。
salma asks her husband when the couple get home .	萨玛在夫妇回家时问她丈夫 。
i take a deep inhale , depressed at the freshness .	我采取深入的吸入 , 压抑着新鲜 。
i was an editor in morningstar from 2003 to 2007 .	从2003年到2007年 , 我是一名编辑家 。
with such a great victory come unreasonably great expectations .	随着这么伟大的胜利来临不合理的预期 。
steven: i have a lot of wark to do in the company recently .	史蒂文:我最近在公司做了很多战争 。
but that of the fixed dunes is the contention between species .	但固定的沙丘是物种之间的矛盾 。
on hearing that , her face went white to the lips .	听到那个时候 , 她脸朝着嘴唇走了白色 。
it is not enough to say there is some economic growth .	这并不足以说有些经济增长 。
how dirty the house is ! it has many dust bunnies .	房子多么肮脏 ! 它有许多尘埃 。
then joshua let the people go away , every man to his heritage .	然后约书让人们离开 , 每个人都去他的遗产 。
in case there is a collision of characters libra should concede .	例如 , 字符libra的碰撞应该避免 。
on the way home , several passersby wished me well .	在回家的路上 , 有几个旅客希望我很好 。
figure 3 shows a screenshot of the doap home page .	图3显示了doap主页的屏幕 。
one car come , one car go , two car bongbong , one people die .	一辆车来了 , 一辆车去了 , 两辆汽车 , 一人死了 。
his list ultimately became church policy .	他的名单最终成为教会政策 。
the ancient wild alone and dolphins connector .	古老的野生独自和海豚连接器 。
i swear on my honour that i knew nothing about this .	我对我的荣耀发誓 , 我不知道这么做 。
the first concept was the use of the bind/unbind methods .	第一个概念是使用绑定/绑定方法的 。
orlando bloom had a couple of broken ribs ;	奥兰多花有几个破碎的肋骨 ;
sophistry is a kind of special negative thought .	索菲里是一种特殊的负面思想 。
i think it's one of the best things about life in london	我认为这是伦敦生活中最好的一件事之一 。
okay , we know . this is the opposite of plan 3 .	好的 , 我们知道 , 这是相反的计划3 。
the person , even the child , mose choose for himself .	那个人甚至是孩子 , 摩西选择自己 。
sexologist's home turned into education center	性学家的家乡转变成教育中心 。
you can watch the parleys . com keynote .	你可以看看parleys.com键盘 。
storage for ten months in shady room and dry place .	存储10个月的阴影房间和干燥的地方 。
an option of viewing each of them in detail is given .	给出了一个详细的视图选项 。
i bought a spray shampoo in a pet shop .	我在一家宠物店买了一只喷雾的沙姆波 。
those attributes are used by the system and should not be modified .	这些属性由系统使用 , 不应修改 。
this time the croc goes after jack's dog minty .	这个时候 , 牛仔的狗小了 。
jalo has forgotten that he fell off his bicycle .	贾罗忘了 , 他自行车掉下来 。
attendant: certainly . cream and sugar ?	参加者:当然 , 奶油和糖 ?
his reception however was of the most flattering kind .	然而 , 他的接待却是最平坦的 。
tan mei met john at the park again .	谭梅再次在公园见面约翰 。
i have lost my dictionary . please lend me yours .	我已经失去了我的词典 , 请给我留下你的 。
why is english article use so difficult ?	为什么英文是如此困难的 ?
that's how we got to the fahrenheit scale .	这就是我们如何得到的范围 。
she rarely spoke , she had no connection with the world .	她很少说话 , 她和世界没有联系 。
the loops are connected by a crossover section .	循环由交叉截面连接 。
krämer: i find the us initiative highly problematic .	克莱默:我发现美国的倡议高度问题 。
don't go for a usual all things tech blog .	不要去通常所有的技术博客 。
no . that’s how people refer to little girls .	不 , 这就是人们如何参考小女孩 。
she waited patiently for frances to finish .	她耐心等待法国完成 。
all locks have the following basic attributes	所有锁都有以下基本属性
b: these are the various kinds of packing for pliers .	b:这些是各种各样的包装 , 用于夹具 。
directly across was the arco building .	直接穿过阿尔科建筑 。
c1400 the great vowel shift begins .	c1400的伟大的vowel移动开始 。
this is called the monotonic property of entailment .	这被称为零售的单子属性 。
they are my older brother and younger sister .	他们是我的弟弟和妹妹 。
so , what does the family protect behoove to do ?	那么 , 家庭的保护是什么 ?
oh fiona found out she had some money in her pocket .	哦 , 福亚发现她在口袋里有一些钱 。
" none of us had ever been one on one with him , " she said .	她说: " 我们中没有人跟他一起去过 。 "
now before magnycours we had a very strong test there .	现在 , 在磁学课程之前 , 我们在那里有很强的测试 。
amy is smaller than sue . sue is smaller than lee .	艾米比苏 , 苏西比李小得多 。
there’s no getting away from it , if you’re irish .	如果你是爱尔兰 。
soft skin , red lips , so kissable .	柔软的皮肤 , 红唇 , 如此可吻 。
note that metadata is stored in the storage cluster .	注意 , 元数据存储在存储集群中 。
he is perfect as the sensitive but strong reporter .	他作为敏感但是强大的记者 , 他是完美的 。
all it sees are elements that all look and behave the same .	它看到的所有元素都是所有的看法和行为相同的 。
a file system must be unmounted to be reformatted .	必须卸载文件系统 。
lady: you mean , you were posessed ? father ?	女士:你说 , 你是否拥有吗 ? 父亲 ?
have a meatless monday recipe you think we should try ?	周一 , 你觉得我们应该尝试吗 ?
supports j1939 through software switch setting .	通过软件开关设置支持j1939 。
my students have been working with the star festival .	我的学生一直在与星节工作 。
the winner is the first to draw three people in one space .	胜利者是第一次在一个空间绘制三个人 。
" three ! " zhang bin simply answer .	" 三 ! " 张斌只是回答 。
look no further than the amazing muscle maker !	看不到比令人惊讶的肌肉制造商 !
eyebrows glued up into tiny peaks .	眼睛浏览成小峰 。
abandoned away by her lover , she pined away .	她离开她的爱人 , 离开了 。
listing 2 is an example php function .	清单2是一个例子php函数 。
the lucky ones do not always have the best .	幸运的人不总是有最好的 。
administrative districts: 10 parishes .	行政区:10个公寓 。
the news sent a shudder through the audience .	新闻通过观众发送了一名欺骗者 。
the batteries then drive motors in the wheels .	然后 , 电池在轮子里驱动电机 。
please return the completed form to your school .	请返回学校完成的形式 。
a picture worths one thousand words .	一张照片价值一千个字 。
i feel this is entirely the wrong answer .	我觉得这完全是错误的答案 。
inside the firewall , there is no anonymity .	在火墙内 , 没有匿名性 。
the snow , frost , and hail return .	雪 , 霜 , 海上回来 。
the tyres were old and had been smooth .	轮胎老了 , 已经平滑了 。
your partner may be somewhat irritable this week .	你的伙伴本周可能会有些令人惊讶的 。
i have been acting contrary to all my sense of right ;	我一直在与我所有的权利感相矛盾 ;
remove chain drive wheel from crankshaft .	去除链驱动轮从canks轴上移动 。
he is almost a herolike character on the campus .	他几乎是校园里的英雄人物 。
but fate did not give them the opportunity to continue .	但是 , 命运并没有给他们带来机会继续 。
i am going to redraw it horizontally .	我要把它放在水平上 。
shoes are too close together on conveyor .	鞋子太接近传送机 。
taxidriver : ok . is that your luggage ?	纳西德里弗:好吧 , 那是你的行李吗 ?
increment real constant table number by rinc .	随着河流的增加而增加真正的常数 。
he was sent by his father to go to college .	他被父亲送到大学 。
" we need more of this kind of thing , " one shouts .	" 我们需要更多的东西 , " 一声喊道 。
the soviet knight is dying inside his armor .	苏联的骑士在他的装甲里死了 。
water went down his throat and he started to choke .	水从喉咙下来 , 他开始醒来 。
she has looks like flowers and spirit like jade .	她看起来像玉米一样的花和精神 。
what kind of land do they live in ? is it good or bad ?	他们住在哪种土地吗 ? 好还是坏吗 ?
we prepared a picnic and drove down by the river .	我们准备了一条金枪 , 用河驱下来 。
hurt , injure , or otherwise maim the bastard .	伤害 , 伤害 , 或者是否最大伤害 。
no , i think you can go . i don't even get flan ?	不 , 我觉得你可以去吧 , 我甚至不能得到法兰 ?
from the day’s chores , pause a minute	从那天的chores中 , 停止一分钟 。
what christ said to his mother made her want to cry .	基督对他的母亲说什么 , 让她想哭 。
ireland reports the lowest temperature in 50 years .	爱尔兰报道了50年来最低的温度 。
if you think of ideas as these more abstract things .	如果你认为这些想法就像这些更抽象的东西一样 。
ater a semester , i yearn to see may parents .	一个学期 , 我一年都会看到父母 。
if you don't , she's not likely to call you back .	如果你不会 , 她很可能不会叫你回来 。
methods raw material dissolved in methanol ;	方法在甲醇中溶解原料 ;
e is for her eyes , with love—light shining .	对于她的眼睛来说 , 爱情是光亮的 。
but credit is the lifeblood of the car business .	但信用是汽车业务的生命血 。
there is a sequence imposed on you by the author .	作者对你有一个序列 。
do you have the experience to go out in your pajama ?	你是否有经历在你的帕贾马出去吗 ?
its legs are short and strong with hard hairs .	它的腿很短 , 硬发很强 。
my brother and his wife are a happy couple .	我的弟弟和他的妻子是一对快乐的夫妻 。
but there is much uncertainty about what it will involve .	但是 , 关于它将涉及的事情有很多不确定性 。
and so we get mired in decisionmaking quicksand .	因此 , 我们在决策快速解决 。
i'm going straight home after the play . what about you ?	我在玩完后直接回家了 , 关于你什么 ?
his actions were not in consonance with his words .	他的行动并不符合他的话语 。
this is my father . he's tall and strong .	这是我的父亲 。 他很高 , 很强 。
but they were too terrified to fall asleep .	但是他们太恐怖了 , 睡得太多了 。
and what he does is writes this equation here .	他在这里写了这个方程 。
he was a pagan ... who worshiped idols .	他是一只帕根...谁崇拜的偶像 。
in that numbers game it converged to 1 .	在那个数字游戏中它转换为1 。
please change to a single room with a bath .	请用洗澡改变单个房间 。
but the thing about change is it’s disruptive .	但是 , 改变的事情是令人难以置信的 。
the executioner had never seen anything like this !	执行官从来没有看到过这样的东西 !
overjoyed , she dashed out of the house .	过度喜欢 , 她从房子里冲出来 。
bitterness imprisons life ; love releases it .	苦难冲动生活 ; 爱释放它 。
it turned our homes into funeral tents .	它把我们的房子变成葬礼帐篷 。
or maybe curiosity is a better word .	或许是奇怪是一个更好的词 。
so this is where the mixing of the solute comes in .	所以这是解决方案混合的地方 。
can you give me a lift to the next town ? ;	你能给我一个抬起到下一个城镇吗 ?
enter a few new lines after the input box .	输入箱后输入几行新行 。
a:what did uncle green come here for ?	阿:这里有什么不明确的绿来了 ?
request that all communication be in writing .	请求所有的沟通都在写作 。
miniskirts were in fashion last summer .	去年夏天 , 小裙子在时尚 。
it can even cause disharmony in a family .	它甚至可以在家里引起钻石 。
a site has been chosen for the new school .	一个网站被选为新学校 。
he replaced his brother as goalkeeper .	他把他的弟弟换成进球员 。
this tea tasted of orange blossoms .	这茶味着橙色的花 。
karen zhou is perhaps an exception .	卡伦周也许是一个例外 。
conductor: silverplated copper wire ;	导电器:镀银铜线 ;
i haven't recovered from jet lag yet .	我还没有从喷气层中恢复过来 。
a torch symbolizes the brightness .	火炬象征着亮度 。
the moon shines fully into west tower .	月亮充满了西塔 。
he raised those goats from newborn kids .	他从新生儿中提高了这些山羊 。
but first , someone had to get them into their transport tanks .	但首先 , 有人必须把它们放进他们的交通罐里 。
display them in their rooms when they’re done .	当他们做的时候 , 显示他们的房间 。
then light the thing on fire and burn it .	然后把东西放在火上 , 燃烧 。
other chapters are available in our elibrary .	其他章节都可以在我们的书籍中获得 。
keep in mind that is bad is not abandoned .	记住那是坏的 。
still , no matter what , the debt will be huge .	然而 , 无论是什么 , 债务会很大 。
i remember back then , i met you on my way home .	我记得回来 , 我在回家的路上遇见你 。
we stopped the clock at $3200 per head .	我们停止每头3200美元的时钟 。
if you had clock problems , you will need to fix those .	如果你有时钟的问题 , 那么你需要修复这些 。
juicers equipment , users need to contact me .	司法设备 , 用户需要联系我 。
the policy doesnot base on the will of the people .	政策不会根据人民的意愿 。
he was dozing in the hammock when i called .	当我打电话时 , 他正在玩耍 。
please attach a passportsized photo .	请附上一张护照大小照片 。
elephant , your ears are like cymbals .	大象 , 你的耳朵就像圆柱 。
rooster: hey , are you free friday ?	罗斯特:嘿 , 你周五是免费的吗 ?
figure 3 . roundrobin's at the top !	图3.roundrobin的顶部 !
i overdid it at work and damaged my heart .	我在工作上忽视它 , 伤害了我的心脏 。
i felt some breeze in that one . smile .	我觉得那么一笑 。
greenfly can literally suck a plant dry .	绿飞可以文学上吸引植物干燥 。
attacking midfielder , 18 , river plate	18年 , 18岁的河板攻击中场 。
by the way , i don't want a night flight .	路上 , 我不想一夜飞行 。
he missed the bus , because he got up late .	他错过公共汽车 , 因为他迟到了 。
the huntsman entered the forest , gun in hand .	猎人进入森林 , 手枪 。
our readers don’t like you . i don’t like you .	我们的读者不喜欢你 。 我不喜欢你 。
a knowledgable man knows he has limited knowledge .	一个知识的人知道他已经有限了解了 。
well , we could consider not putting in item 0 .	嗯 , 我们可以考虑不放在项目0中 。
why are all the best parties found on islands ?	为什么所有最好的党都在岛上找到呢 ?
have the straight and uppercut , many changes .	有直和上切 , 许多变化 。
the landlord put a new stove in my room .	地主在我的房间里放了一个新的炉子 。
the company is a world leader in electrical goods .	公司是一家世界领导人 。
more than a twirling wobble is implied .	超过一个扭曲的可能是被暗示的 。
the theory of fermi operator is developed .	开发了铁mi操作符的理论 。
a deepening happens , as you teach .	正如你教的那样 , 一个深刻的事情 。
we don't know him ! " exclaimed meg .	我们不知道他 ! " 梅格说 。
next , you need to give it some data to parse .	接下来 , 您需要给它一些数据解析 。
hiti te9 hammer drill for each bay .	hitite9锤为每个湾 。
he looked so dispirited i took pity on him .	他看起来那么令人惊讶的是 , 我在他身上拿了一杯酒 。
that was my first love , and i suspect hers , too .	那是我第一次爱 , 我也怀疑她 。
do you require trading in nonhk stocks ?	你是否需要在非hk股票中交易 ?
vatel has been in my family for over 20 years now .	瓦特尔现在在家里已经在20多年了 。
an old dog will learn no new tricks .	一只老狗不会学到新技巧 。
minutes of board committee meetings	委员会会会议的几分钟 。
people found hoarding during the famine were punished .	人们在饥荒期间发现了恐惧 。
fish begins to stink at the head .	鱼开始在头部静止 。
the connection member has a tapered hole .	连接成员有一个高层孔 。
distinguish between an lvalue and rvalue .	区别于l值和r值之间 。
shine , and you cannot have any dissents .	好的 , 你不能有任何不同的东西 。
okay . i have five minutes left .	好的 , 我离开了五分钟 。
it's a time thing for the elephants .	这是大象的一段时间 。
tensiometers can be made small enough .	张力计可以做到足够小的 。
how far away is dalian from lvshun ?	远离大连来自lvshun ?
where are the lightning arresters installed ?	安装在哪里 ?
you have the same warm , sincere heart .	你有同样的温暖 , 诚挚的心 。
yet china quickly upended this consensus .	然而 , 中国迅速上升了这个共识 。
who will win the battle for the backbones ?	谁会赢得背骨的战斗 ?
it urges you , instead , to live .	它鼓励你 , 相反 , 要生活 。
i remember coming here once years ago .	我记得几年前来到这里 。
health administers to peace of mind .	健康管理人员要平静的心理 。
marty tried to keep his head during the fire .	玛丽试图在火中保持头部 。
see ? picky eaters like food , too .	看吗 ? 挑选食物 , 比如食物 。
his eyes gleamed with relief and joy .	他的眼睛闪烁着缓解和快乐 。
" now we have to be sustainable , " he said .	" 现在我们必须是可持续的 , " 他说 。
there are lots of places to get startup capital .	有很多地方来获得创业资本 。
they are independent yet they are complementary .	他们是独立的 , 但它们是互补的 。
the soldiers bedded down in a barn .	士兵在一条栏子里躺下来 。
the environment not bad , quite clean .	环境不坏 , 非常清洁 。
michelle: i didn’t know you were going .	米歇尔:我不知道你正在去 。
he lowered his voice to a whisper .	他把他的声音降到了一个威斯特 。
japan gas appliances inspection assn .	日本气体电器检测assn 。
oh , he's a white sox fan ?	哦 , 他是个白色的沙发球迷吗 ?
a love triangle of the most grotesque kind .	最喜欢的三角形 。
always take your finesses , ' she said .	她说 , 总是把你的文件带到你身边 。
no , thanks . i'm quite full .	不 , 谢谢 。 我很充分 。
a partial interest of any nature is insurable .	任何自然的一部分利益都是不可保险的 。
i hope he can see the movie next time .	我希望他下次能看到电影 。
soup henqing , almost no oil .	汤亨庆 , 几乎没有油 。
both these books and those clothes are mine .	这些书和这些衣服都是我的 。
sit cross legged on the floor .	坐在地板上 。
but it is also an existential struggle .	但这也是一个现有的斗争 。
the ship struck the rocks head on .	船只打破岩石头 。
he was driven by necessity to steal .	他是必要偷窃的 。
in our class there are fiftyone students .	在我们班里有五十个学生 。
i ' ll buy that for a dollar !	我要买那美元 !
you delight to fish in troubled waters .	你很高兴在麻烦的水中钓鱼 。
i will take my leave , like a butterfly .	我会带我的叶子 , 像一只蝴蝶 。
i want a 3piece mafiastyle suit .	我想要一套3件mafiastyle适合 。
pasquale giunta: sure there are .	帕斯qualegiunta:确保有 。
the designated holotype species has not been found .	未发现指定的整体类型物种 。
but nobody saw her copying the name .	但是没有人看到她的名字 。
oxen have made great contributions to the world .	牛津对世界产生了很大的贡献 。
put the long ruler in the pencil box .	把长规则放在铅盒里 。
others say only if they cheat , or abuse you .	其他人说 , 只要他们欺骗 , 还是滥用你 。
how do you cope when your brain locks up ?	你怎么把大脑锁起来呢 ?
i would fly to the moon if i had wings .	如果我有翅膀 , 我会飞到月球 。
honey , where is my benz actually ?	蜜蜂 , 我的本兹实际上是哪里吗 ?
this tree . times when it was , were young .	这棵树 。 当它是年轻的时候 。
and , after all , we are harvard so we know .	毕竟 , 我们是哈佛 , 所以我们知道 。
the umpire lost his cap and his cool .	梅皮尔失去了他的帽子和他的冷却 。
one 1970 stop still gives him chills .	一九七十年 , 仍然给他带来了寒冷 。
then he punches tweener in the chest .	然后他在胸部跳了tweener 。
defarge was pleased at their arrival .	远程高兴来到他们的旅行 。
i wanted greenberg to be my pollster .	我想成为我的花粉 。
he also wrote preface for the monograph .	他还写了单一图的预言 。
violet said that she would reach the border .	维罗拉特说她将到达边界 。
the man abstracted a pen from my pocket .	男人从口袋里抽出一笔笔笔 。
she will run over her lines in the evening .	她会在晚上跑过她的线 。
he plays the violin better than mary .	他比玛丽踢得更好 。
he splashed in the heavy rain .	他在大雨中喷出来 。
" why ? " tom snorted .	" 为什么 ? " 汤姆打鼾道 。
does she always dress that badly ?	她总是穿那件坏衣 ?
we'll have to start when sophia gets back .	我们必须在苏菲亚回来时开始 。
i watched the cow when she said moo !	当她说的时候 , 我看着奶牛 !
dennis , what're you talking about ?	丹尼斯 , 你在谈论什么 ?
the steak is as tough as leather . ;	牛排就像皮革一样艰苦 ;
sue: do you have don's number ?	苏:你有没有数字吗 ?
how long does it take to make an evening dress ?	晚上需要多长时间来做晚衣 ?
cataracts can affect your vision .	猫行为可以影响你的视觉 。
washing machine motor vbelts ;	洗涤机电机v带 ;
the young tree has struck root .	这棵年轻的树木有树根 。
she licked the honey off the spoon .	她把蜜蜂从勺子上拿出来 。
let's learn english songs .	让我们学英语歌 。
because it has to drop off precipitously .	因为它必须明确地下降 。
b:yes , it's getting dark .	是的 , 这正在变得黑了 。
we owe our existence to these variations .	我们欠我们的存在 , 这些变化 。
so you take two documents and diff them .	所以你需要两个文档 , 然后困难他们 。
what makes a good system verification tester ?	怎么做好系统验证测试人员 ?
a: what would say was the lowest point in your point ?	答:你说的最低点是什么 ?
we learn not in school , but in life .	我们学不在学校 , 但在生活中 。
li lei beat jim and won the first place .	李莉打败吉姆 , 赢得第一位 。
que: did you have sex every time she came ?	魁:每当她来时你都有性感吗 ?
one feels so alone when it is cold .	一个人在寒冷时感觉如此孤独 。
he is the only son in a family of three .	他是三个家族唯一的儿子 。
thank you for calling japan airlines .	感谢您呼吁日本航空公司 。
may the lord save us from all heresies .	愿耶和华救我们从所有遗产中 。
piani would tell them they had shot me .	钢琴会告诉他们他们拍了我 。
where is monsieur le maire going ?	莫西里·莱梅尔去哪里 ?
you win some , you lose some . that is life .	你赢了一些 , 你失去了一些 。 那就是生活 。
then we could insist on that target ;	然后我们可以坚持这个目标 ;
that year , that day , we are stranger .	那一年 , 那天 , 我们是陌生人 。
his body was found in the floor hole .	他的身体在地板孔中被发现 。
knive are used to cut things .	knive被用来削减东西 。
how can jiancaigong without rain !	如何不雨雨 !
peace is always relational .	和平总是相关的 。
what do jack russells do ?	杰克·鲁塞尔是什么 ?
do not lure her away from her duty .	不要从她的职责中把她离开 。
did the wisteria blossom this year ?	今年 , 威斯特利亚的花朵是吗 ?
i wonder what this night will bring .	我想知道这个晚上会带来什么 。
you forgive me for being so pathetic .	你原谅我那么痛苦 。
we walked far into the woods .	我们走进树林里 。
a:forgive me for interrupting you .	阿:为了让我打断你 。
jeff loves to play with jayden .	杰夫喜欢与杰伊登玩耍 。
i don't want to be told grow up .	我不想被告知成长 。
it is not that you are just vegetating .	这并非是你只是蔬菜 。
before you get another oil change , stop !	在你得到另一个油改变之前 , 停止 !
the intruders shot up the town .	侵犯者们射上城 。
there are not apples on the appletree .	苹果树上没有苹果 。
all things change , and we change with them .	所有东西都改变了 , 我们和他们改变了 。
so they drove boner out of the door .	所以他们从门上开车 。
i think their last win was just a fluke .	我认为他们最后一场胜利只是一场流感 。
besides , he is only a baby .	此外 , 他只是一个婴儿 。
lily some money me the other week .	李莉莉是另一星期的钱 。
it was paisley's first visit .	这是巴西利第一次访问 。
they're rewarded for their waiting .	他们为他们等待得到奖励 。
i'm trying to sleep .	我试着睡觉 。
both can be treated with braces .	两者都可以用手术治疗 。
and its government is enraged .	而它的政府正在激怒 。
there is a purple from below .	下面有一个紫色 。
can i get a mike in on patrick ?	我能在帕特里克买一辆汽车吗 ?
i heard somebody skirling .	我听到有人在跳舞 。
he is the sower of the good seed .	他是好种子的草原 。
we have to change trains at didcot .	我们必须在docot上改变火车 。
beat me half to death with it .	打我一半去死了 。
he ate too many hamburgers .	他吃过多的汉堡 。
she was popeyed with amazement .	她很感兴奋 。
and then art on the weekends .	然后在周末艺术 。
how big is a wolf's track ?	狼的轨道是多大 ?
large artery distensibility ;	大动脉可溶性 ;
this completes the installation .	这完成了安装 。
he just dabbles in politics .	他只是在政治上看见 。
the bill was sent to her room .	这笔账单被送到她的房间 。
is your car manual or automatic ?	你的汽车手册还是自动化 ?
it helps you not be inside so much .	它帮助你不那么多 。
that's what i think finance is about .	这就是我认为金融是什么 。
throw it at him ! i dare you !	把它扔在他身上 ! 我敢你 !
what is unique about the program ?	这个程序是什么独特的 ?
why could i never please them ?	为什么我不能再请他们 ?
welcome to the new dad guide !	欢迎来到新爸爸的指导 !
losers hangout with losers .	失败者和失败者一起 。
a feeling of shame came over her .	一个羞愧的感觉来到她身边 。
fasten seatbelt at all times .	所有时候都有座椅带 。
examine if this is a pattern .	如果这是一个模式 。
he really cares about his family .	他真的关心他的家庭 。
this brings me to my question .	这给我带来了我的问题 。
please drive a bit faster!	请赶快一点快 !
tingting seems nervous .	丁丁似乎是紧张的 。
it is for bird watchers .	这是为了鸟类观察者 。
she banged up the receiver .	她把接收机挂起来 。
i like your new hair style .	我喜欢你的新发型 。
her hands smelt of fish .	她的手闻着鱼 。
but there's reason for hope .	但希望有理由 。
how did my papers get out of order ?	我的论文如何从订单中出发 ?
she had a shock and conked out .	她震惊了出来 。
how can you put a price on life ?	你怎么能把价格放在生活上 ?
hope you understand what , hehe .	希望你能理解什么 , 他 。
i slept like a fat cat .	我睡得像一只脂肪猫 。
oh , so you feel the same way !	哦 , 所以你觉得一样 !
rf output power over 4w ;	rf输出功率超过4w ;
many different leadership styles work .	许多不同领导风格的工作 。
you have many ways to kill your time .	你有很多方法去杀死你的时间 。
here are so many oil jars .	这里有很多石油罐 。
one rope here , one rope there .	一条绳子在这里 , 一条绳子 。
let's tie the knot !	让我们把刀绑了 !
this service defines three operations	这个服务定义了三个操作
he spends gold like soil .	他花了金像土壤一样 。
let's take these in turn .	让我们把这些变成了 。
power elevation mill head .	电力高压机头 。
that gives me the creeps .	那给我带来了 。
ianto: that's just me .	艾托:那只是我 。
we are the host of andaz .	我们是安达斯的主人 。
it was from the sugar i think .	这是从糖中我想到的 。
but why the redemption ?	但是为什么还原为什么 ?
he is only a child of three .	他只是三个孩子 。
i think beyonce is hot !	我觉得超越太热了 !
and put bomb craters in there .	然后把炸弹炮放在那里 。
the civets play two roles .	电视剧演奏了两个角色 。
i've taken some small classes .	我已经花了一些小课了 。
join a startup and get stock .	加入启动并得到股票 。
slide out onto a large plate .	滑到大板上 。
well , i love madrid !	嗯 , 我喜欢马德里 !
it does have intentions .	它有意图 。
do you have nosebleed ?	你有鼻子吗 ?
faugh dead u over !	假死你死了 !
what is the name of that process ?	那个过程的名字是什么 ?
one of my asq friend...	我的asq朋友之一...
of course i will come back .	当然我会回来 。
the other seven are tiny .	另外七个是小的 。
are you a selfstarter ?	你是个自我明星吗 ?
create a . toc file .	创建一个.tc文件 。
but it still does me good service .	但它仍然是我做好的服务 。
yeah . that's right .	是的 , 这是对的 。
so , what do i do with this ?	那么 , 我怎么做呢 ?
when did you start to act ?	什么时候你开始行动 ?
would you like shampoo ?	你喜欢沙门吗 ?
my greatgrandmother .	我的伟大的妈妈 。
that’s my girl .	那是我的女孩 。
we all are from shandong .	我们都来自山东 。
are you a working poor ?	你是否工作贫穷 ?
i learn chinese every day .	我每天都学习汉语 。
but the gang goes on .	但是 , 加哥走了 。
he liked to do the same .	他喜欢做同样的 。
what's montague ?	什么是蒙特拉 ?
time never comes back .	时间永远不会回来 。
as in organ donor .	就像在机器人捐赠者那样 。
are you a salesman ?	你是一名销售商吗 ?
we just don't know .	我们只是不知道 。
that can be done .	这可以做到 。
i love my job !	我喜欢我的工作 !
trust is low .	信任低 。
these are foundational .	这些是基础的 。
i could feel it !	我能感觉到它 !
d a digit	d一个数字 。
electronic truck scale construction process is simple and fast .	电子卡车规模施工过程简单 , 快速 。
almighty father rushed to rescue these lost lambs you ...	父亲匆匆匆匆忙救这些失去的羔羊...
the customer and developer negotiate a fixed price for the project .	客户和开发商谈判项目的固定价格 。
photo club took a photo shooting trip to mendocino ... more .	摄影俱乐部拍摄了一张照片 , 来到孟多诺...
so the choice we make in our mid20s has to be a pretty smart one .	因此 , 我们在20世纪中期做出的选择必须是一个非常聪明的 。
but if i want a unit vector , then i should scale this down to length one .	但是如果我想要一个单元向量 , 那么我应该把这个尺寸缩小到长度 。
weibian has vast iron inkstone wear , kousong notes that year hand .	魏比安有大量的铁墨石 , 香港注意到那年的手 。
they will continue mr . kabe as acting principal of the school .	他们将继续作为学校的主任卡比先生 。
let this represent the total energy of the incident electron .	让这代表了事故电子的总能量 。
in recent years , aquaporins in the brain become a research hotspot .	近年来 , 大脑水平成为研究热点 。
in the biological sense it's selfdecoding , storing and scanning .	在生物学意义上 , 它是自编码、存储和扫描 。
being unwanted , or failing to fulfil the expectations of parents	无法满足父母的预期 , 或者不能满足父母的预期 。
fight the rapids as you kayak and raft down the vast mekong river .	战斗快速 , 就像你kayak一样 , 把巨大的梅通河推下来 。
disk systems will repair themselves or can be left unrepaired for years .	磁盘系统将修复自己 , 或者可以留下几年的时间 。
i practiced facial expressions , and i snarled like a wolf .	我正在练习面部表达 , 我就像狼一样滑雪 。
this happens five or six times . the monkey is very angry .	这发生了五六次 , 猴子很愤怒 。
so we think the dwarf mutant " ddf1 " was ga insensitive .	因此我们认为dwarf突变 " dddf1 " 是气敏 。
and as it is in the floral tribe , so it is in god's kingdom .	就像在佛罗里的部落一样 , 所以在上帝的王国 。
there are many legends concerning the origins of lantern festival .	有很多关于兰节的传说 。
and in the case of women , that often included sexual assault .	在女性的情况下 , 这通常包括性假设 。
leep is an effective way to prevent the generation of cervical carcinoma .	睡眠是防止宫颈癌发生的有效途径 。
close the gate of the pen properly to prevent the sheep from getting away .	关闭笔门的门关闭 , 以防止羊离开 。
and the multitudes hearing it , were in admiration at his doctrine .	听到它的多态度 , 正在欣赏他的教学 。
paramedic: i see you've caught yourself a maroon shark .	我看到你自己是个疯狂的鲨鱼 。
all right , mammy . i'll teach her to ride sidesaddle .	好的 , 妈妈 。 我会教她去骑边 。
it provides the opportunity to test unrelated applications running together .	它为一起运行的应用提供了机会 。
taihao had another name , fuxi , one of an ancient three emperors .	台海有另一个名字 , 福西 , 是一个古老的三皇帝之一 。
twists can help detoxify the internal organs and lymphatic system .	twist可以帮助减轻内脏器官和淋巴系统 。
male mallard ducks are famous for their long , spiraling genitalia .	雄性马拉德鸭是他们长期以来著名的 , 螺旋性生殖炎 。
even though that solves the immediate problem , the problem can still occur .	尽管如此 , 即使解决立即问题 , 问题仍然会发生 。
see then that ye walk circumspectly , not as fools , but as wise .	看到那个你走的时候 , 不像愚蠢 , 但像智慧一样 。
rubber mount ; finite element modeling ; static elastic characteristic ;	橡胶山 ; 有限元建模 ; 静弹性特性 ;
create china world cup bid shanghai langao road stadium construction ;	创造中国世界杯的上海路体育场建设 ;
however , in hsr territory , the issue is even more important .	然而 , 在hsr领域 , 问题更重要 。
it's up to you whether you go or not . but i only have time on weekend .	这对你来说是否不了 , 但我只有周末才有时间 。
personally , i think his biggest drawback is that like as one or more dualuse .	个人来说 , 我认为他的最大的抽屉是 , 像一个或多个双用户一样 。
she gets pretty drunk and stumbles home in the wrong direction .	她在错误的方向上得到了很好的醉酒 , 然后回家 。
the num received payments from the trade unions of afghanistan .	数字从阿富汗贸易联盟收到支付 。
being aware that we only have one life to live also reinforces that conviction .	意识到 , 我们只有一个生命 , 也只能加强信仰 。
this joy is unthinkable divided cheap wow gold from the peasants .	这个快乐是不可思议的 , 来自农民的便宜的黄金 。
anyone who does not deny himself on that day must be cut off from his people .	那天 , 任何没有否认自己的人都必须从他人身上砍掉 。
fancy hotels are beginning to accommodate both man and pets .	欢迎酒店开始适应男宠和宠物 。
tracing the significance of wanxian incident and roar , china !	追踪武西安事件和罗拉的意义 !
cath: hello , i'm cath , cath jones . what's your name ?	凯瑟:你好 , 我是凯瑟·琼斯 , 你的名字是什么 ?
mami is thinner friends are quite good , all my best wishes to all .	马米是瘦的朋友很好 , 我最好的希望全部 。
behind this jolt was one of the world's most concentrated property bubbles .	后面是世界上最集中的财产泡沫之一 。
brownie , birdy and cowcow drank the honey cheerfully .	布朗妮 , 女生和牛仔喝着蜜蜂 。
okay that's a straightforward either or . isn't it ?	好的 , 这是一个直接的 , 还是...不会吗 ?
consumable market prosperity is stable , supply of goods is enough .	可消费市场繁荣稳定 , 货物供应足够 。
and everybody was very against them , the bookstore , because , you know ,	每个人都对他们非常反对 , 书店 , 因为你知道 。
bonds payable are the typical example of longterm liabilities .	债券支付是长期责任的典型例子 。
you are probably aware that in a database , data is stored in tables .	你可能知道在数据库中 , 数据存储在表中 。
you could also try using some for the advanced commands in google .	你也可以尝试使用一些用于google的先进命令 。
they have also stirred emotions in the greek american community .	他们也在希腊社区里搅乱了情绪 。
countylevel cities have both urban and rural dual characteristics .	县级城市既有城乡双重特点 。
he will be sorely missed . he was a great president , " he said . "	他说: " 他只是错过 , 他是一位伟大的总统 。 "
a slight , metallic sound , as of coins rattling in a pocket .	稍微 , 金属声音 , 就像一个口袋里的硬币一样 。
i'm finishing , there's no point in making a song and dance about it .	我正在完成 , 没有点在做一首歌舞和舞蹈 。
stop messing about , boys ! i'm trying to do some reading .	停止消息 , 男孩 ! 我想做一些阅读 。
trace hooks can be applied at the entry or exit of any function .	跟踪钩可用于任何函数的入口或出口 。
i came on business before , but this time i'm here to sightsee .	我以前在商业上 , 但这次我在这里看到了 。
" summer hours " are a longestablished institution in the us .	" 夏季小时 " 是美国最长的制度 。
it seems most chinese people use a modified emule that abuse servers .	它似乎是大多数中国人使用了一个改进的emule , 即滥用服务器 。
gloucester board of real estate or financial plans bureau .	房地产或金融计划局的glocester董事会 。
her testimony helped put several of the perpetrators behind bars .	她的睾丸帮助把几个超声器放在酒吧后面 。
we must try our best to reduce the damage to a minumum .	我们必须尝试最好的减少损伤 。
an impressive 75 percent of germans eat breakfast daily .	75%的德国每天吃早餐 。
google gobbles internet explorer’s market share with chrome	googlegoble互联网探索商的市场份额与chrome
it was the first year my dad bought season tickets to the clips .	第一年我爸爸买了赛季票 。
he also blessed us that we would be able to remember our previous lives .	他还祝福我们 , 我们能记住我们以前的生活 。
hand rails and banisters shall be constructed for stainless steel pipe .	手工铁路和禁止商应当为无锈钢管建造 。
tian'anmen square is the bigest square in the world .	天安门广场是世界上最大的广场 。
objective to prepare purified tick borne encephalitis vaccine .	目的制备纯化股骨性脑炎疫苗 。
stresses applied to plastically deform the metal are usually compressive .	适用于塑性变形的应力通常是压缩的 。
the northeast is one of the biggest grainproducing areas in china .	东北是我国最大的谷物生产领域之一 。
eric blair wrote under the pseudonym of george orwell .	埃里克·布莱尔在乔治奥威尔的伪造下写道 。
the whole community turned out to wipe out the four pests .	整个社区变成了四个虫子 。
to facilitate this task , birt provides the data explorer view .	为了促进这个任务 , birt提供了数据探索器视图 。
gina:hello , dr . kellers clinic . what can i do for you ?	吉娜:好吧 , 凯勒斯医生 , 我能为你做什么 ?
sergio: yeah , it sure is but they have the best drinks .	塞尔吉奥:是的 , 这确定是最好的饮料 。
it was amazing that the boy was able to solve the problem so quickly .	令人惊讶的是 , 男孩能很快解决这个问题 。
let's suppose you have a subteam working in a private branch .	让我们假设你有一个子团队在私人分支中工作 。
she also writes for the times and the magazine psychologies .	她还写了《时代》和杂志心理学》 。
these real problems already bridge the dichotomies in the science .	这些真正的问题已经桥梁了科学中的二元化 。
art is communicating and perhaps people can get something from this respect .	艺术正在沟通 , 也许人们可以从这个方面获得一些东西 。
i mean , you're already talking about how that's not applicable .	我的意思是 , 你已经谈论这并不适用 。
" is the tao in a handheld calculator ? " asked the novice .	" 是手持计算机的道路吗 ? " 小说问道 。
these new ideas are penetrating into the minds of the younger generation .	这些新的思想正在渗透到年轻一代的思想 。
there’s another detail i love in this shot—the cropped foot .	我喜欢的另外一个细节---------------------------------------
it brings longer droughts between more intense periods of rain .	它带来了更多雨水期间的干旱 。
each player who searches his or her library shuffles it afterwards .	每个玩家都在搜索自己或她的图书馆后面的玩家 。
creation is then rooted in the mutual love of the persons of the triune god .	然后 , 创造就在三月神的人相互爱上了 。
but if you are going to make them permanent ? where are you gonna cut spending ?	但是如果你要让他们永久吗 ? 你会在哪里削减开支 ?
good programmers strive for code clarity in addition to code performance .	除了代码性能外 , 好的程序员也努力为代码清晰度 。
i do remember my brother learning to ride a bike though .	我记得我的兄弟学会骑自行车 。
the summer season is upon us and with it comes bathing suit season .	夏季是我们的 , 随着它来到了适宜的季节 。
please play with it before everyday use , in case miss important calls !	请在日常使用前与它玩耍 , 例如错过重大调用 !
they're used to large nontoxic animals , like wolves and bears .	他们习惯于大型非毒动物 , 像狼和熊一样 。
this was probably the first time the britons came into contact with other peoples .	这可能是第一次英国人和其他人联系的时候 。
there's nothing stuckup about the great english wild flower .	没有什么东西关于大英国野生花 。
study on divisible abelean group of difference familypairs ;	对差异家庭的可分组进行研究 ;
any parcel over the dimension limit should be repacked into smaller ones .	任何尺寸限制的范围都应该被包装成更小的一个 。
a thin , whitehaired man was sitting on a wooden seat .	一个瘦的 , 白头发的男人正坐在木椅上 。
but he still admires christians because of the way they face death .	但他仍然承认基督徒是因为他们面临死亡的途径 。
here are five steps you can take to help your machines run much faster .	这里有五个步骤 , 你可以帮助你的机器跑得更快 。
the report on thatstrand of hair found in elena ortiz's wound margin .	艾丽娜·奥利蒂斯的伤口边缘发现的那条头发的报告 。
technically , a cms stores all of the content in a database .	技术上 , cms存储在数据库中的所有内容 。
the procedures are similar to thesis flow ratetime method .	与论文流速率法相似 。
my mother was wrapping some banana fritters for a customer .	我的母亲正在为客户包裹一些香蕉冰箱 。
at the left is a temple dedicated to the roman emperor hadrian .	左边是罗马皇帝哈里安的寺庙 。
the connecting of these pipes is done by the message receiver .	这些管道的连接由消息接收器完成 。
experiment result: smoke is poisonous to tadpoles .	实验结果:吸烟有毒于tadpole 。
then , the low dose effects and roentgenography interval were discussed .	然后 , 讨论了低剂量效应和罗氏间隔 。
so i advocate socalled 'xiaocheng english' .	所以我推荐所谓的 " 小城英语 " 。
the application conditions and methods of using the tiltmeter are described .	介绍了采用钛计的应用条件和方法 。
whether caffeine banishes cellulite is less clear .	不管咖啡因是否会减少细胞 。
a 9to5 work schedule provides enough time to relax .	9to5工作计划提供足够的时间来放松 。
do you remember he gives ? a couple of examples of this sort ?	你记得他给了吗 ? 这个类型的几个例子吗 ?
the sailors couldn't find anything to caulk the seam in the boat .	船员不能找到任何东西 , 把船里的缝子 。
hundreds of deceased soldiers lay in a state of disarray .	数百名死亡的士兵在一个失踪状态下躺在了 。
you can always go trickortreating during the afternoon or to the mall .	你总是可以在下午或下午的时候去处理 。
total number under poverty line 2010: 815 , 755	2010年贫困线下总数:815 , 75
kisangani resident said the plane had broken into three pieces .	kisangani居民说 , 飞机已经破坏了三块 。
with the coming of national day , i have a one week holiday .	随着国庆的来临 , 我有一个星期的假期 。
the reactionaries are fierce in appearance but feeble in reality .	反应物在表现上很激烈 , 但实际上却是费用的 。
the boy plays up his strong points and minimizes his weaknesses .	这个男孩打起了他的强点 , 最小化他的弱点 。
that's somewhere we haven't dragged morley to yet .	这是一些地方 , 我们还没有拖到莫利去 。
ottawa is also a mustsee city where i currently live .	奥塔瓦也是我当前生活的一个必须的城市 。
we must carry on with the investigation until all the facts are found .	我们必须进行调查 , 直到发现所有事实 。
the significance of perinatal diagnosis was discussed .	讨论了外周诊断的意义 。
the passengers turned quite green with sea sickness .	旅客们用海病变得非常绿 。
please line the drawers with clean paper after you have emptied them .	请用清洁纸排放后用清洁纸行 。
a noblewoman holding the rank of viscount in her own right .	一名诺贝尔女士在自己的权利举行了vis账户的排名 。
doing so will help offset the harmful effects of urban pollution .	因此 , 要帮助解决城市污染的有害影响 。
many specialistic techniques contribute to archaeology .	许多专业技术有助于考古学 。
forest ecoeconomic productivity and the development of forestry produce ;	森林生态经济生产力和森林产业发展 ;
the calculations are performed in parallel on each partition where the data is .	计算结果在每个分区均行在每个分区进行 。
investigators have identified the bomber as han wushun .	调查人员已经确定了炸弹作为汉武云 。
leiomyosarcoma of the small intestine is an uncommon tumor .	小肠道肌肉瘤是一种罕见的肿瘤 。
faultstring is a human readable description of the fault .	故障字符串是故障的可读描述 。
launch an effort to get together the various departments .	共同开展各种部门的努力 。
very possible that you don't meet any one of these two conditions .	很可能你不会遇到这两个条件的任何一个 。
mom: you just care about this ? haven't you compared other things ?	妈妈:你只是关心这个吗 ? 你没有比其他东西比较吗 ?
the cristae of the mitochondria are arranged closely .	微克里亚的克里斯塔密切地安排 。
winter morning , most of the bleak shantang should be it snow !	冬天早上 , 大多数山塘都应该是雪 !
i thought it would raise a smile with people at the exhibition .	我以为它会与展览的人一起提高笑容 。
can i get some phenobarbital , something to calm this guy down ?	我能得到一些菠萝比特 , 有些东西可以平静下来呢 ?
if you keep on collection , in time you'll have a wealth of data .	如果你保持集合 , 那么当你会有财富的数据 。
the “others” were asleep , while they both breathed the same fever .	这些 " 天主 " 都睡着 , 他们两人都呼吸了同样的热 。
oh , i love new orleans , but i want to go home and visit tara .	哦 , 我喜欢新奥尔良 , 但我想回家去看塔拉 。
i will be 96 , so i will be making films very , very slowly .	我将是96岁 , 所以我会很慢地拍摄电影 。
thanks obama for all the nasa cuts . you big dummy .	感谢奥巴马对所有的nasa削减了感谢 。 你大傻瓜 。
back to what we do should be for all the limitless affectionate and so back to .	回到我们应该为所有无限的感情 , 所以回到了 。
however , by year end , it has been found : it is a false alarm .	然而 , 到年底 , 它已经发现了:它是一个虚假的警报 。
most who unveil hisagendas deserve the condemnation they receive。	大多数世卫组织都要求他们接受的谴责 。
tom: i feel very depressed and don't feel like doing anything .	汤姆:我感到非常沮丧 , 不要感觉自己做任何事情 。
this is a major step and also can be the most tedious step in tuning .	这是一个主要的步骤 , 也可以是调整最好的步骤 。
spammers also have become more sophisticated about exploiting trust .	垃圾分子对开发信任也变得更加复杂 。
mission control said sharipov had reported that the crew were feeling fine .	任务控制人士说 , 沙里波夫已经报道 , 船员正在感觉很好 。
players on its own strength , through hard work then realize their dreams .	玩家在自己的力量上 , 经过艰苦的工作 , 然后实现他们的梦想 。
a: absolutely . it gives the team a scoring chance .	答:绝对是 , 它给了团队一个进球机会 。
the bridge ways that you form and that all of you know are made of this vitality .	你所形成的桥梁方式和你所知道的一切都是由此生命构成的 。
we have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the sweater .	我们都有裙子和裤子 , 看起来很好 。
because people always sit in the closestools in washrooms .	因为人们总是坐在洗衣室里 。
on the two ends are designs of a blue dragon and a white tiger .	两端是蓝龙和白虎的设计 。
mining for malware there's gold in them thar proxy logs !	对于malware来说 , 它们的thar代理日志里有金 !
lao k: sorry , second young master . can i say a word ?	老k:对不起 , 第二位年轻的大师 , 我能说一句话吗 ?
i like norma because she's genuine person and never puts on side .	我喜欢诺玛 , 因为她是真正的人 , 永远不会放在面前 。
what if last night god destroyed my soul and put in a new soul ?	如果昨晚神毁掉了我的灵魂 , 把灵魂放在一个新的灵魂 ?
the development of dark tourism from edge to typical in practice .	黑暗旅游发展从边缘到典型的实践 。
may we all embrace life with love and faith , happiness and compassion .	愿我们一切拥有爱和信仰、幸福和同情的生活 。
thus another form of generosity is sharing the word of god .	因此 , 另一种形式是分享上帝的话 。
i buried my head under the quilts , but my aunt heard me .	我把我的头埋在安静下 , 但我的姨妈听见了我 。
mining and oil stocks moved lower , especially in london .	矿石和石油股市下跌 , 尤其是在伦敦 。
the unique imaging findings have never been reported in literature .	独特的成像发现从未在文学中报告过 。
the thirdgraders are having a traffic education lesson .	第三个级别是有交通教育课程 。
hell for some time , full of murderous look will become more angry .	好几次 , 充满谋杀的看法会变得更愤怒 。
you and i are particulars ; your favorite chair is a particular .	你和我是特别的 , 你最喜欢的椅子是特别的 。
it's been a heartbreakingly tragic two months for coal .	这是两个月来煤炭的悲剧性 。
seconds out . let's go . what do we do ? tell me what to do .	第二个出去了 。 我们做什么 ? 告诉我怎么做 。
extract the contents of the festivalwin32 . zip file .	提取节日win32.zip文件的内容 。
the maid comes with god's blessing , and must be obeyed .	女人来到上帝的祝福 , 必须遵守 。
it cannot easily be palpated on physical examination .	它不容易在物理考试上掌握 。
the economic outlook deteriorates significantly ; or	经济探索显著恶化 ;
the birds by aristophanes – (download pdf)	阿里斯托邦的鸟儿 ( 下载pdf
click and drag from the start to endpoint that you wish to measure .	点击和拖动从开始到端点 , 你希望测量 。
stir in basil . spoon curry over rice . serve .	搅拌在basil.spoon在米饭上 。 服务 。
component gis software is the opposite of application software .	组件gis软件是应用软件对应的 。
but i think unless you marry it , inherit it or work really hard for it ,	但我想除非你结婚 , 否则继承它还是努力工作 。
and we've seen them before from the macroscopic point of view .	我们从宏观角度看到了他们 。
can the world really afford another risk of this magnitude ?	世界能否真正保证这个巨大的风险 ?
results:in rau , there was large amount of inflame cells .	结果:在rau中 , 有大量的火焰细胞 。
computer science: $56 , 400 / $97 , 400	计算机科学:$56 , 400美元
rubin claims the gizmo can even improve your sex life .	rubin声称gizmo甚至可以提高你的性生活 。
is it possible fme to see the harbour in person today ?	今天 , 看到今天的哈尔伯尔有可能是可能的 ?
airing is under ventilated place , drying machine is not allowed .	空气在通风地下 , 干燥机不允许 。
alex: no , i will take my 6yearold daughter with me .	阿历克斯:不 , 我将带我6岁的女儿和我一起 。
at the last lap john held him , and then began to pick up on him .	在最后一只脚约翰举行了他 , 然后开始拿起他 。
patsy divorced her husband and is now living alone .	帕特西离婚了她的丈夫 , 现在只是独自生活 。
procrastination is spending 30 mins looking for the right pen .	推广是花30分钟的时间去寻找正确的笔 。
she doesn't end the mask stuck to comus' chair .	她不会结束面具的东西来到舒服的椅子 。
did you know 65 percent of women have curly hair ? [1]	你知道65%的女性有毛 ? [1]
volume control was provided by a mccormack micro line drive .	mccormack微线驱动提供的体积控制 。
it feels as if they are whipping my face with wire whips .	它感觉如果他们正在用电线擦拭我的脸 。
jia sixie is wellknown as a pioneer in farming .	嘉雪是农场著名的先锋 。
the short scaling time series have multifractal properties .	短规模时间系列具有多分形性能 。
i ordered the hairy crab , but you gave me the green crab .	我命令了头发 , 但你给我给了绿色的蟹 。
they shot poisoned arrows from behind the thick bushes .	他们从厚的公共汽车背后射出毒箭 。
story of cultural symbols of china's mentorship .	中国文化标志的故事 。
continue pushing foward and success will eventually meet you .	继续推动前进和成功最终会遇到你 。
you can turn any email address into a google account .	你可以将任何电子邮件地址转换成谷歌账户 。
cold shut is not acceptable on " a " surfaces .	冷关闭并不可接受 " 表面 " 。
haikou is the capit's city of hainan province .	海口是海南省的城市 。
the current director is professor wang keqiang .	目前的董事是王keiang教授 。
that attitude affects idiomatic patterns as well .	这种态度也影响了偶像模式 。
it’s a great complement to rice dishes , soups and pasta .	这对米菜、汤和帕斯塔来说是一个很好的补充 。
a good painting is shown before people as each drawing is done to the point .	画面前 , 每一幅画面都做到了很好的画面 。
if you want to add foshan , then our bank said that you should have other swift .	如果你想加入福山 , 那么我们的银行说你应该有其他的速度 。
few of the men of the round table had much heart to dispel them .	圆桌的少数男人有很多心来消除他们 。
you probably won't even risk injury or go hungry .	你可能甚至不会危险的伤害或者饥饿 。
as we all know , the character of internet is fictitious and doubleacting .	正如我们所知道的那样 , 互联网的性格是虚拟的和双重的 。
it looks at things like fashion , how people wear different clothes .	它看起来像时尚 , 人们如何穿着不同的衣服 。
handy to use and you may enjoy your flower tea anywhere !	用手 , 你可以在任何地方享受你的花茶 !
vacuum sweeper with robust petrol engine for outdoor use .	室外使用真空气膨胀器 , 具有强大的油发动机 。
when it is cloudy , i am cold , impuissant and sad .	当它是云的时候 , 我是寒冷的 , 令人沮丧的 。
i would be grumpy and cause those around me to be unhappy .	我会感到痛苦 , 让我周围的人不快乐 。
you called it a script kiddy language , remember ?	你把它称为脚本的孩子语言 , 记得吗 ?
they then created a simple mathematical model of what's going on .	然后 , 他们创建了一个简单的数学模型 。
the first and each subsequent bezier spline requires only three points .	第一和每个后续的bezierspe行只需要三个点 。
where myth clashes with myth , it is however a very real clash .	神话与神话的地方 , 却是一个非常真正的撞击 。
the second place we visited was monaco ville with the palace .	我们访问的第二个地方是蒙纳科村 。
this button hook makes dressing with one hand easier and quicker .	这个按钮钩使一个手更容易和更快 。
this time it was those in the businessjet industry who cringed .	这次是商业喷气行业中的那些人 。
then change your default gateway and hit the enter key twice .	然后改变您的默认门 , 打击输入关键二次 。
finally , this paper discusses the procedures and applications of jmi .	最后讨论了jmi的过程和应用 。
shoichiro toyoda says he doesn't recall the meeting .	丰田说他不会回忆到会议 。
we were completely amazed at the wonder and the greatness of nature .	我们完全感到惊讶和自然的伟大 。
there is no such thing as nothingness , and zero does not exist .	没有这样的东西 , 零不存在 。
the amish people are living peacefully in our midst , slow development .	人民在我们中期和平生活 , 缓慢发展 。
the canvas pane is where all the viewer portlets are placed .	蜡烛板是所有视图portlet都放置的地方 。
antoni gaudi , from spain , main object of the thesis .	安东尼高迪 , 从西班牙 , 主要的论文对象 。
the receptionist asks , “have you ever seen a doctor ?	接待者问: " 你看过医生吗 ?
finally a vanity tool that doesnâ€tmt despise you !	最后 , 一个无论你还是有多少钱的工具 !
you have your work , your entertainment and your firends . i have only you .	你有你的工作 , 你的娱乐和你的火焰 。 我只有你 。
every day there are seven lessons . this is my timetable for monday .	每天都有七个课 , 这是我周一的时间 。
you are the ones on earth who open the gate to the light .	你是在地球上打开门口的那个人 。
we have the example of the banking system and the car industry .	我们有银行系统和汽车行业的例子 。
the glass hit the corner of the table and broke on impact .	玻璃撞到桌子的角落 , 撞击了冲击 。
the late arrived of the ship had messed up all our plans .	后来的船只已经消失了我们的计划 。
a lot of asexual people do want relationships and children .	很多人都想要关系和孩子 。
smetimes a beetle lost its way in the passages .	有时候 , 一只蜜蜂在传递中失去了路 。
however , where you can eat authentic donkey to fire it ?	然而 , 你可以在哪里吃真正的驴子来消防它吗 ?
he was in a tiny capsule called friendship 7 .	他在一个叫做友谊7的小胶囊里 。
you know , do these things that i have no future , you know , in .	你知道 , 做这些我没有未来的事情 , 你知道 , 进来 。
anti corruption is a big issue of practice and theory .	反腐败是实践和理论的重大问题 。
for the first time , i felt like i was running into the wilderness .	第一次 , 我觉得我正在跑到野外 。
the university boasts a team of welltrained teachers .	大学拥有一支训练良好的老师 。
but a strong volcker rule just might take the cake away .	但是 , 强大的压力规则可能会让蛋糕离开 。
the renderer determines the quality of your final render .	渲染器决定您最后的渲染器的质量 。
wildflowers of different colors brighten the rocky land .	不同颜色的野花 , 闪耀着岩石土地 。
project only for those , who have suomi as mother language .	只有对那些人来说 , 就像母语一样有苏美的项目 。
what you need is an xml version of the directory listing .	您需要的是目录清单的xml版本 。
adam and eve conversed with god in the garden of eden .	aadam和eve在爱甸园与上帝交谈 。
pingping's mother is one of the district nurses .	平平的母亲是地区护士之一 。
she expertly slid the hypodermic needle into my vein .	她专家把低阶针放进我的静脉 。
please amend your copy of the contract accordingly .	请按照您的合同修改 。
eg . he says his friend is confident in turning the table .	他说 , 他的朋友很信心转动桌子 。
she implored piteously a voice choked with sobs .	她很高兴地用sobs打开了声音 。
you want to know how quickly is the other side going to get hot ?	你想知道如何迅速才能得到热呢 ?
he shouted and rapped with his walking stick on the door .	他喊着 , 跟他走在门上 。
the children build sandcastles on the beach .	孩子们在海滩上建造沙弹 。
it's the final gasp of the burst housing bubble .	这是最后一次爆炸的房屋泡沫 。
and if it sounds good , ask if there’s any way i can see their results .	如果听起来很好 , 请问如果我能看到他们的结果 。
in starcraft , some units had instant attack animations .	在星际飞行中 , 有些单位有瞬间袭击动画 。
this new painkiller doe 't take long to act on the pain ?	这位新的痛药不长时间在疼痛上行动吗 ?
could we pretend that this is a normal first date between two normal people ?	我们能预言这是两个正常人之间的第一个日期吗 ?
i later found out the world is full of victors , of people saying no .	我后来发现世界上是充满受害者 , 有人说不 。
once those are finished you can use your res . to make garages .	一旦这些都完成了你可以使用你的休息 。 让垃圾 。
still , there were young men willing to ride for the pony express .	然而 , 还有年轻人愿意为波尼表达而骑 。
it shows all infos from the header and dumps records...	它显示了从头部和尾部记录中所有的信息...
they can tell us a lot about the history of trading on sea .	他们可以告诉我们很多关于海上交易史的历史 。
in part 1 , you learned how to create an obex server application .	在第1部分中 , 您了解了如何创建一个exexserver应用程序 。
on the whole it's a good plan and we shouldn't nitpick .	在整个情况下 , 这是一个很好的计划 , 我们不应该nitpick 。
separate the essence of the test from the implementation details .	从实现细节中分开测试的本质 。
you didn't realize how much part of your life it was going to become .	你没有意识到你生活中的多少部分会变成 。
place smaller sticks crosswise to make a lattice effect .	放置更小的坚持交叉 , 使乳化效果更加明显 。
he mutilated the nun and stuffed into a closet .	他把nun转换成闭环 。
geminis are often good at language , speaking and writing .	乔治斯通常在语言、讲话和写作中很好 。
i paid for the beers so i call dibs on the last bottle .	我为啤酒付了 , 所以我在最后一个瓶子上打电话 。
and i can tell you at that point i wished i was back in canada .	我能告诉你 , 我希望我在加拿大回来了 。
you'll need to calculate how much time the assignment will take .	你需要计算多少次的分配时间 。
a but not tomorrow night . . . when are you next free ?	不过明天晚上 , 你是否免费 ?
marylebone station was packed with homeward bound commuters .	马利本站与家庭边界电脑包装 。
do not leave when she is poor , ill , or unbeautiful .	不要留在她贫穷的时候 , 疾病 , 或者不美丽 。
let us be determined not to collect grievances today .	让我们决心今天不要收集贪婪 。
conclusion:asqa had good reliability and construct validity .	结论:asqa具有良好的可靠性和建设有效性 。
study group and control group had isonitrogenous and isocaloric intake .	研究组和对照组具有异源性和异常摄入 。
g1/2 " 2perpendicular entries with hung cover . "	g1/2 " 与匈牙盖相关的2个独立条款 " 。
with the development of science , computer increasingly popular .	随着科学的发展 , 计算机越来越受欢迎 。
you've got to hand it to the bottled water industry .	你必须把它交给瓶子的水产业 。
with things as such , we‘ll have to let things slide .	随着这样的事情 , 我们必须让事情滑动 。
flyfish the spring creeks of paradise valley .	飞行天堂山谷的春天演讲 。
franklin: i peeked at one letter , that's all .	弗兰克林:我在一封信上说 , 这是所有的 。
peddling a handful can lead to a 15year sentence .	把握一只手可以导致一个15年的句子 。
little duck says: spring is a gentle and soft river .	小鸭说:春天是温柔柔柔的河 。
tonight jobs cleared up the matter once and for all .	今晚工作清理了事情 , 所有事情 。
please pass me that pile of semicircular tiles .	请传给我那堆半圆砖 。
men scoured the country looking for the lost child .	男子吓了这个国家寻找失去的孩子 。
guixi city shizhi compiling committee office ?	贵西市石西编译委员会办公室吗 ?
whom the gods destroy , we number1 do mad .	谁是神毁灭 , 我们号码1做疯了 。
house: only an idiot gets between ahab and his whale .	房子:只有一只肥皂和他的鲸之间 。
for me , personally , i can really see both sides to the coin .	对于我来说 , 我真的可以看到两边的硬币 。
“from many cotton plants , ” the man answered .	" 很多棉厂 , " 这个男子回答说 。
or you can begin to " work " to make your sex life more exciting .	或者你可以开始 " 工作 " 来使你的性生活更激动 。
because of film editing , we couldn't see the whole show .	由于电影编辑 , 我们不能看到整个节目 。
how do children and teens experience depression ?	儿童和青少年如何经历抑郁 ?
where is now monk xuanzang of the tang dynasty ?	现在 , 唐代的僧侣玄子在哪里 ?
okay ? ! possibly . or you . okay .	好吧 ! 可能 。 或者你 。 好吧 。
the otaku the media picks up on are usually this kind .	这些媒体通常是这样的 。
wen wen practicing her backward crossover in dec 2010 .	温文在2010年12月实践了她的背后交叉 。
what are the units here ? we write 12 . 011 .	这里的单位是什么 ? 我们写12.011 。
aim: to study the constituents of abrus mollis hance .	目的:研究brusmollis的成分 。
antony goes for projects on a massive scale .	安东尼在一个大规模的项目上去 。
and it deepens household and community poverty .	而且它深化了家庭和社区贫困 。
this aspect of luke's work has occasioned much discussion .	这个方面 , 卢克的作品发生了很多讨论 。
standards for drinking water have been improved continuously .	连续提高饮用水的标准 。
'of course , ' ms . darling sneers .	" 当然 , " 达林斯先生说 。
i quickly put all the socks are washed over again .	我很快把所有的袜子都洗了 。
chandler: blue blazer back . hehe wants it back .	查德勒:蓝色爆炸机回来 , 他想回来 。
no one questions china’s civilian control of the military .	没有人问中国的民事控制军事 。
holyflag will be customized for the entire handling process .	假旗将为整个处理过程定制 。
the filial piety is the center of retirement throughout .	文化皮肤是整个退休中心 。
no04 , 5 . i don't know how to thank you for all your help .	诺04 , 5 。 我不知道怎么谢谢你所有的帮助 。
i have so much to do today . i am run off my feet .	今天我有太多的办法 , 我跑下脚 。
the company did not say in the filing which banks loaned the money .	这家公司并没有在那家银行贷款的文件中说过 。
after about half an hour , i realised i really needed to fart .	在大约一半小时之后 , 我意识到我真的需要快速 。
love is , and it can last , if we remember our differences .	爱是 , 如果我们记得我们的差异 。
leo: now , if you’ll just follow me to the lounge .	莱奥:现在 , 如果你只是跟我跟着那个孤独的 。
this life , this love that you and i have been dreaming of , for so long .	这个生活 , 这个爱你和我一直在梦想 , 因为这么长 。
the poor man at last was eased and hence lived happily .	最后 , 穷人很容易 , 因此生活得很高兴 。
the warning is based on the latest 5day weather forecasts .	警告基于最近5天的天气预测 。
ma kang is a good friend of mine , and a unique one .	马康是我的好朋友 , 是一位独特的朋友 。
it is a basic emotion with a characteristic facial expression .	它是一种基本的情感 , 具有特殊的面表达 。
triumphing over death , and chance , and thee , o time .	游击死亡 , 和机会 , 以及时间 。
a popup tip will tell you whether it is on or off .	一个弹出的提示会告诉你是否在或离开 。
these things could change if you learn how to manage your violence .	如果你学习如何管理暴力的话 , 这些事情可能会变化 。
huang zongzhi is one of the most famous legal historian .	黄宗子是最著名的法律史学家之一 。
he has been given a label " playboy " by his friends .	他被朋友给了一个标签 " 游戏男孩 " 。
it's also unbelievable to me that he would ever end his life .	这也不相信他永远会结束他的生活 。
each of us dipped a finger into the mixture and sucked it .	我们每个人都把手指放进混合物中 , 然后把它吸取了 。
the caribbean waters there are also perfect for scuba diving .	加勒比亚的水也有很好的防水 。
an airraid alarm sounded in the depths of night .	夜晚深度的恐怖警报声响起来 。
they would like to after a long night can see by the morning glow !	他们愿意在一个长夜之后看到早晨的光芒 !
dougong was widely used in the spring and autumn period .	多通在春秋期广泛应用 。
will judge hudson's decision be upheld on appeal ?	胡德森的决定是否会被诉讼 ?
i thought it would help . you're the best , you know that ?	我觉得这会有帮助 。 你是最好的 , 你知道吗 ?
and why do we make it so hard to amend our constitution .	为什么我们使得我们的宪法如此难以修改 。
no one near seems to be thinking , or feeling , or working .	似乎没有人想到 , 或者感觉 , 或者工作 。
afterwards , ao patient about aunt and monica a pile .	后来 , ao患者关于姨妈和蒙妮卡一桩桩 。
great minds think alike , but fools seldom differ .	伟大的思想想像 , 但愚蠢的差别很少 。
many people with foot pain can get relief just by losing weight .	许多人只能减肥肥 , 足部疼痛的人才能得到缓解 。
i will never draw like them . but they will never draw like me .	我永远不喜欢他们 , 但他们永远不喜欢我 。
i could not control and make selfrepression on such rational basic .	我不能控制和自我抑制这样的理性基本 。
he was just a person . he was avoiding eye contact .	他只是个人 , 他正在避免接触 。
this group was laid out and arranged in accordance with buddhist cosmology .	本组按佛教宇宙学设置并按照佛教宇宙设置 。
determine the relationship qiang shen and qin day together very happy .	确定张沈和秦天的关系非常高兴 。
runners who lost more than 3% of their weight during the run finished fastest .	在运行最快的运行期间 , 失去超过3%的运行者 。
the weekold peace talks there between the two sides were near collapse .	两个星期的和平谈判在那里 , 两个边的和平在崩溃附近 。
there was a relationship between the conductance activation energy and detergency .	电导激活能量与变能之间存在着一定的关系 。
our brains are roughly 25 percent larger than those of the late homo erectus .	我们的大脑大约是25%的 , 比晚期同性直肠的更大 。
they stood on the top of the mountain , watching the sun rising in the east .	他们站在山顶上 , 看着太阳在东面上升 。
yueliangshan fault is the east segment of haiyuan fault zone .	岳立山断裂是海源断裂区东段 。
we'll be reading his essay on suicide . hume died , had an illness .	我们将在自杀阅读他的文章 , 霍姆死去 , 病了 。
there is only one practicing spot here in liuyang . i have been there for only three times .	这里只有一个在刘阳的实践点 , 我只有三次 。
in the center of town is a pair of 20footlong sheet metal shidas .	在城市中心 , 是一对20英尺的金属shidas 。
together with the avalokitesvara figure in the middle , 33 in total .	与avalokitesvara数字一起 , 总共33中 。
the little ship tried to escape when the big pirate ship bore down on it .	这艘小船在大海盗船上飞船时试图逃脱 。
he was standing almost broadside , his great head up and turned toward them .	他站在几乎宽阔的边 , 他的伟大的头顶 , 转向他们 。
but i think it will be wiser of lee to put your best side outward , ' she added .	但我认为 , 李先生将会更聪明地把你的最好的一面放在外面 , " 她补充道 。
a loving husband who treats me like a queen yet everyday i remember .	每天我都记得 , 一位爱的丈夫 , 我就像女王一样 。
their metabolism and the mechanism of antifatigue are elaborated in this paper .	阐述了它们的代谢和抗疲劳的机理 。
little birds and pigs now come in the form of edible cake toppers .	小鸟和猪现在来到可食用蛋糕的形式 。
obtain the essential feature that is larcenous behavior secretly .	秘密地获得是懒散行为的本质特点 。
you know that the function of a protein is intimately related to its structure .	你知道蛋白的功能是与其结构相关的 。
18they divide my garments among them and cast lots for my clothing .	18个人分开我的服装 , 为了我的服装 。
it is nto the same thing to have a bare field in january and in juluy .	同样的事情在一月份 , 尤鲁伊和尤鲁伊都有一个不足的场地 。
steering gear is the most important component of the automotive veering system .	转向齿轮是汽车矢量系统的重要组成部分 。
sitting comfortably at number three is bagan temple and pagodas .	舒适坐在第三号是巴根寺和帕戈达斯 。
it is characterized by containing concave and convex rod stone powder in said paste .	它是由含有凹陷和输送棒石粉组成的 。
currently sharp does not make compressors , a key air conditioner component .	目前鲨鱼不会使压缩机 , 关键的空调条件器组件 。
to provide monitoring , inspection and technical guidance for food hygiene ;	为了为食品卫生提供监测、检查和技术指导 ;
around tenthirty that night , they ended up back in madeleine’s dorm room .	晚上十三点左右 , 他们终于回到马德琳的宿舍里 。
the actual rate discount would have to be applied in the credit card management system .	实际的速率折扣必须在信用卡管理系统中应用 。
he is not only the pride of the people in hainan , but also the pride of people all over the world .	他不仅是海南人民的骄傲 , 而且也是世界各地的人民的骄傲 。
main components: a variety of aromatic ketones and aromatic esters .	主要成分:各种芳烃和芳香树脂 。
this article has a brief review on holocene climate changes in mongolia .	本文简要介绍了蒙古全球气候变化的概况 。
in the scene turns the large flame often gushes out to the window outside .	在场景中 , 大火焰通常会在外面吹出来 。
to handle an invalid contract must abide by the principle of restitution .	要处理有效的合同必须遵循复制原则 。
optimistic , tigers always bounce back for new and fresh challenges .	乐观的是 , 老虎总是在新的和新鲜挑战中起来 。
many of the people of darwin escaped by hiding in cellars that night .	许多达尔文人在那个晚上隐藏在细胞里逃离 。
i'm not doubting for a moment the sincerity of the couple's distress .	我不怀疑一刻对夫妇的悲伤的真诚性 。
the first section of this article ponders the corporation in the point of view of right and power .	本文的第一部分在于对权和权力的角度 , 提出了公司的权利观点 。
we did talk about changing it , but feared it would only be perceived as a nerf .	我们谈论改变它 , 但恐惧只会被视为神经 。
your parents tell you to boil herbs and stay inside when you get sick .	你的父母告诉你在你病的时候煮草本并留在内面 。
the club only has an 18hole green fee and caddie fee at weekends .	俱乐部只有18孔绿费和周末费用 。
virtually every new company complains about the difficulty of raising seed capital .	几乎每家新公司都抱怨提高种子资本的困难 。
i desire no further advice from you , ' answered mr linton .	林顿先生回答说 , 我不希望你进一步建议 。
i have a stomachache . i think i got some bad food at lunch today .	我有胃疼 。 我觉得今天午餐吃了一些坏食 。
good moring , mr . smith . i am sunfang coming for an interview .	很好的莫林 , 史密斯先生 。 我是孙芳来访 。
half a shovelful has fallen off . ) evil's mask of innocence .	半个小偷已经失去了 。  恶魔的面具是不起的 。
mt . 10:23 and when they persecute you in this city , flee into another .	10:23 , 当他们在这个城市里打扰你时 , 逃到另一个城市 。
let's look at the curriculum for the robotics engineering program at wpi .	让我们看看wpi的机器人工程课程 。
i think it was you i sent , " he added , addressing the staffofficer . "	我觉得这是我发送的 , " 他补充道 , 解决员工的问题 。
i thenrealizedi had no right to place myself abovehimjust because he was busking .	然后 , 我就没有权利把自己放在上面 , 因为他是公共汽车 。
the train was full of proles , in holiday mood because of the summery weather .	火车充满了灵感 , 因为夏天的天气 。
he spent over ten thousand us dollars to buy a table filled with holes .	他花了十万美元来买一张桌子 , 用孔子买一张桌子 。
diluted earnings per american depositary share came to $1 . 26 .	美国储蓄股价上涨至1.26美元 。
" some were thrilled that caesar had died , and some were horrified , " he said .	他说: " 有些人因为卡萨已经死了 , 有些人受到尊敬 。 "
between history and the eternal i have chosen history because i like certainties .	在历史和永恒之间 , 我选择了历史 , 因为我喜欢某些人 。
the discovery also reveals how male squid compete for female mating partners .	发现还揭示了男性松鼠对女性配合伙伴的竞争 。
improved management of the cadre and personnel files of the rules and regulations .	改进了规则和规范的干部和人事文件的管理 。
red narrating: you could argue he'd done it to carry favor with the guards .	红叙述:你可以争论他能与卫队携带更好的做法 。
it's so nice to have you today . please come and see me again sometime .	今天有你很好 , 请再看看看我 。
thousands of militants traded in guns for stipends and training .	数千名军方在枪中交易 , 用于训练 。
roundtrip economy class air ticket for hong kong and gold coast on sq . .	香港和黄金海岸环境经济课票 。
above , an artist's conception of the space launch system blasting off .	上面 , 艺术家的空间发射系统的概念 。
the idc has a more uniform work function distribution than an oxide cathode .	idc具有比氧化物阴极更均匀的工作功能分布 。
many of jones' old friends join his team , along with some new ones .	乔恩斯的很多老朋友加入了他的团队 , 以及一些新的团队 。
artists using this method of mixing colours to draw are called " pointillism " .	艺术家使用这种混合颜色的方法被称为 " 点击主义 " 。
because i really want to understand what it is like for a son and a father to relate each other .	因为我真的想理解它喜欢儿子和父亲彼此相关的事情 。
scientists are conducting sampling to understand the threats from water pollution .	科学家正在采取采样来理解水污染的威胁 。
just permit the dime that she so shrinks in the carriage , allow her to so wail .	只要允许她那么紧张 , 就允许她那么腰 。
the effects of sedation may make you forget what you were instructed after the procedure .	边缘的影响可能使你忘记在程序之后被指导的事情 。
he chuckled slightly and blushed . " yeah , that was my girl . "	他轻轻轻地冲着 , " 是的 , 那是我的女孩 。 "
cut the fish fillet in chunks , marinate it with some salt and pepper .	用一些盐和辣椒把鱼肉切成块 , 然后用一些盐和辣椒 。
our company is specialized in the production of pet collar , traction with the enterprise .	我公司专业生产宠物焦油 , 与企业牵引 。
after years of ross mooning over rachel , she finally found out that he was in love with her .	经过多年的玫瑰在瑞秋之后 , 她终于发现他在爱上她 。
to spirit , getting is meaningless and giving is all . t5 . i . 1 . 7	为了精神 , 得到的是无意义的 , 给出的是t5.i.1.7
and " change " refers to unleashing staff potential through deepening reform .	" 改变 " 指通过深化改革来解决员工潜力 。
when someone drives a perfect car in an improper manner , no one blames the car...	当有人驾驶完美的汽车时 , 没有人责怪汽车...
the user can also select another language and read content in that language .	用户也可以在这个语言中选择另一个语言和阅读内容 。
if you’re a fan of the bubbly , you could try seltzer water instead .	如果你是泡沫的粉丝 , 你就可以尝试盐水替代 。
therefore hear now this , thou afflicted , and drunken , but not with wine	因此 , 你现在听到了这一点 , 你冲突了 , 喝醉了 , 但不要喝酒 。
abundant kidneyyang warms and promotes all the viscera and organs .	丰富的肾阳暖和促进所有的vicera和器官 。
there are many methods to solve the one kind of ion reactions for the problem of groundwater .	解决地下水问题的离子反应有很多方法 。
lather enhancer advantage in shampoos , soap , and facial wash .	激光增强剂在hampoos、soap和面部洗涤中的优点 。
the best physicians are dr . diet , dr quiet and dr . merryman .	最好的物理学家是饮食、安静和梅里曼博士 。
the longterm bull market trendline drawn from 2001 has remained intact .	长期的牛市市场趋势从2001年开始 , 仍然是完整的 。
meattextured fish protein concentrate is a new product developed in 1980's .	肉制鱼蛋白集中是1980年发展的一种新产品 。
hook the small prawn from tail to head for fishing prawns and small fish .	把尾巴从尾巴上拖到头上 , 为钓鱼和小鱼 。
she waited for narcissus to speak first , and prepared her answer .	她等着纳西西斯等着第一次讲话 , 准备她的答案 。
if i didn't study , i would buy a baby rabbit like mr . wu .	如果我没有学习 , 我就会买一个像吴先生这样的婴儿兔子 。
a group of people starts a business and they say , let's divide up the proceeds .	一群人开始了一个业务 , 他们说 , 让我们分开程序 。
otherwise , you're wasting a bit , so to speak , unnecessarily .	否则 , 你正在浪费一点 , 所以说话 , 毫无必要 。
relationalism is the essence of practical materialism and piagets theory .	关系主义是实用材料主义和pits理论的本质 。
antiaustralia graffiti is sprinkled around the capital , dili .	反澳大利亚grafifti周围在首都迪利 。
lounge patrons desperately wanted to imbibe the essence of all this .	洛杉矶巡逻者绝望想把这一切的本质移除 。
modern cpus contain a subsystem known as the memory management unit .	现代cpus包含一个被称为内存管理单元的子系统 。
police said sunday that the death toll in the shooting rose to 86 .	警方周日表示 , 死亡人数上升至86人 。
the invention discloses a microbial inoculum and a preparation method thereof .	本发明公开了一种微生物细胞和制备方法 。
youth , in particular , are seen as beacons of innovation and creativity .	尤其是青少年 , 被视为创新和创造力的背景 。
she also advises against anything with the words " antiaging . "	她还建议用 " 反老化 " 的话来反对任何东西 。
the editorinchief blue penciled the article written by his reporter .	编辑的蓝色小说是由记者写的文章 。
to date , there have been 63 , 595 sales through the torontomls system this year .	为了日期 , 今年已有63 , 595个销售经过屋顶系统 。
i made a statement on our website that freddie is and will be part of our squad .	我在我们的网站上发表了一份声明 , 弗雷迪将是我们的一部分 。
everyone else tweaking their sites for their own use can do anything they want and will !	其他人都用自己的网站来减弱他们自己的使用能做任何他们想要和愿意的事情 !
later in the season , despite good planning , product starts to run out unevenly .	随后在赛季 , 尽管很好的规划 , 产品开始不均匀运行 。
time for striver is kind of treasure , for lazy person , is a kind of burden .	对于先锋来说 , 对于懒惰的人来说 , 是一种负担 。
our silks are known for good quality . they are one of our traditional exports .	我们的丝绸是很好的质量 , 他们是我们传统的出口之一 。
if you build your team from start , you will have much easyer time in the future .	如果你从开始建立你的团队 , 那么你将会在未来有更容易的时间 。
but even so , the two sister still can not help but think she is the advantage of their home .	但即使如此 , 两妹仍然不能帮助 , 但认为她是他们家的优点 。
figure 1 shows a screen capture of the application , a bar graph of yearly results .	图1显示了应用程序的屏幕捕捉 , 年度结果 。
my mouth was wide open when i entered the cup room in via turati .	我的嘴巴很广泛 , 当我进入了托拉蒂的杯子房间时 , 我的嘴巴就很广泛了 。
imagine another 250 million people urbanising china over the next 20 years .	想象在未来20年中 , 中国的另外一个25000万人城市化中国 。
you can hover over vertical arrows to get details on the locks being held .	您可以在垂直箭头上挂在锁上 。
these landforms were dubbed tiankeng , or " naturally formed pits " .	这些地形被称为天康 , 或者 " 自然形成的坑 " 。
if the ball arrives one second beforehand , will you yield it to the wind ?	如果球到了第二手 , 你会把它放在风中吗 ?
button shaped beads pendant , earing , a meson , welcome to order !	按钮形状的珠支撑 , 耳朵 , 一个儿子 , 欢迎订购 !
as to what and how to release , the authorities will comply with relevant laws .	就如何释放的 , 政府将符合相关法律 。
journalist: mr lin , do you think this is a very nice chance for bening ?	记者:林先生 , 你觉得这是一个非常好的机会吗 ?
twiggy was a little of both boy and girl , a mirror of her time .	twiggy是个小男孩和女孩 , 她的时光镜子 。
if the market goes his way , he waits to be proven even more right bigger is better .	如果市场走了路 , 他等待证明更多的正确更大 。
after a moment’s hesitation , tweener reaches out and takes the burger .	经过一刻的犹豫后 , 温格达到了出来 , 采取了手术 。
the world in general , and even more your briny world , accepts flogging .	世界总体来说 , 甚至更多的briny世界 , 接受了日志 。
stack two 1 . 4x is better than one 2x in terms of picture quality .	堆积两个1.4x在图片质量上比一个2x更好 。
listen to the tape and find out the main idea of this article and how it is organized .	听音带 , 找出本文的主要思想 , 以及如何组织 。
1923 insulin first became generally available for use by diabetics .	1923年胰岛素首次被糖尿病所使用 。
of course , not all longstanding restaurants are celebrity haunts .	当然 , 不一切长期的餐厅都是名人帽子 。
effect analysis: day heart to have the devil body , brandied denied .	效果分析:天心有恶魔的身体 , 分支忽视 。
the bride was delighted , kissed him , and loved him with all of her heart .	新娘很高兴 , 亲吻他 , 爱他一切心 。
you will be able to swap hotbar configurations at the same time you swap specs .	同时 , 您将能够在交换规格时转换热栏配置 。
there are many drove past some rubber estate around in kuala lumpur .	在kalalumpur周围有许多驾驶员过去了 。
vanda miss joaquim is the national flower of singapore .	范达·约奎姆是新加坡的民族花 。
objective to establish quality standard for compound zhuanggu capsule .	目的建立复合张光胶囊的质量标准 。
investigation and study of medicinal plants over yao wang mountain .	姚王山医药植物的调查和研究 。
however , this defeats the strong typing of the anonymous type .	然而 , 这击败了匿名类型的强大类型 。
sun yuwen was an important figure of late qing dynasty .	孙玉文是清末清时期的重要人物 。
the coming of automation is bound tohave important social consequences .	自动化的未来是限制社会产生的重要后果 。
this was the realisation that many children here can’t afford to go school .	这是意识到许多孩子们不能去学校 。
it's proving very difficult to peg him down to a definite date for completion .	对于完成来说 , 很难把他放下来 , 做出确定的日期 。
a lot of the issues we do within epa , or technically , is in nature .	我们在epa内部做的很多问题 , 或者技术上 , 是在自然上 。
the man was an undercover deputy from iredell county sheriff's office .	这个男子是来自爱尔德尔县牧师办公室的地下代表 。
mc: would you please update us about shinhwa members' activities .	mc:请更新我们关于shinhwa成员的活动 。
we are not told why jesus made some mud and placed it over the man's eyes .	我们不告诉耶稣为什么犯了一些泥土 , 把它放在人眼里 。
the captain brought the men to attention as the general arrived .	这名队长带来了男人注意到总体来 。
your father takes on too much . he forgets he's not growing any younger .	你的父亲太多了 , 他忘了他不长的年轻人 。
you need to have an existing project loaded into the integrated development environment .	您需要有一个现有的项目加载到集成开发环境中 。
and , during feiler's battle with cancer , they would fight alongside him .	于是 , 在肥料和癌症战斗中 , 他们将与他一起战斗 。
henceforth it will be more difficult to avoid customs examination .	因此 , 要避免自定制考试更困难 。
american liquor companies are finding inspiration in the financial crisis .	在金融危机中 , 美国酒公司正在寻找激励 。
it is of reference value to control the pollution of the regional environment .	控制区域环境污染是有参考价值的 。
keep track of how much you'll need to pay for insurance and office supplies .	保持跟踪您需要为保险和办公供应付多少钱 。
concise , after receipt of the g frequently reply in turn good mood .	结论 , 在接收g的频繁回答后 , 通常会有好的情绪 。
unclaimed bodies of the victims , such as rehabilitation work is under way .	无声称的受害者的身体 , 例如康复工作在道路上 。
karen: i read about that in a trade mag . it's a new technology .	卡伦:我在贸易杂志阅读这是一个新的技术 。
this is the third in the discussion of the stars that make up the summer triangle .	这是第三个在讨论夏季三角的恒星的讨论中 。
in play garden , his since actor , it is miscellaneous labour ;	在玩花园里 , 他的演员之后 , 它是错误的劳动 ;
using this factory , the following data types used for the service definition were designed .	利用本厂 , 设计了以下数据类型为服务定义的 。
the beaver dammed the stream with mud , branches and leaves .	海滩与泥泞、枝叶坝坝坝坝坝坝坝 。
let's get some more coffee first . i'd like a sandwich , too .	让我们先喝一些咖啡 。 我也喜欢一个三明治 。
i don't want to suggest that sabrina's work is purely erotic here .	我不想建议萨布林纳的工作是在这里纯粹的浪漫 。
i call this italy's “straits of messina phenomenon .	我把这个意大利称为 " 墨西尼亚现象 " 。
read the directions and directly you will be directed in the right direction .	阅读方向 , 直接您将在右向方向直接指导 。
but when the policyholder is mortgages people , the situation should be different .	但当政策持有者是抵押贷款人时 , 应该有不同的情况 。
this helps the doctor estimate how long you have been pregnant and your due date .	这帮助医生估计你已经怀孕了多长时间 , 你的日期 。
this ' honing ' is necessary in my opinion because of some reasons .	这是因为某些原因 , 我的意见是必要的 。
when deciding whether or not to refinance , there are many factors to con sider .	当决定是否还是不要融资时 , 还有许多因素来决定ider 。
we have seven children in my family . all sisters , excepting me .	我们在家里有七个孩子 。 除了我外 , 所有的妹妹 。
it offers the theoretical foundation for the use of this endosperm specific promoter .	它为此提供了理论基础 。
when the weather warms up , ice cream shops have lines out their doors .	当天气温暖的时候 , 冰淇淋店已经走出他们的门 。
in his art world , also an impressive spring waters and autumn hills scene .	在他的艺术世界 , 也是一个令人印象深刻的春水和秋山景色 。
and he has discovered many such grassroots experts on douban . com .	他发现了许多草根专家在双方.com上发现了 。
i made whales , fish , and birds of every size , shape and colour .	我制造了鲸、鱼和鸟类的大小、形状和颜色 。
if two people are meant to be together , eventually they ' ll find their wat back .	如果两个人意味着一起 , 他们最终会发现他们的眼睛回来 。
our evaluation: the parallel web provides no data locality whatsoever .	我们的评价:并行网提供无论是什么数据本地性 。
these restaurant recommendations can be viewed by other friends of yours .	这些餐厅建议可以通过您的其他朋友来看看 。
i’m trying to remove as many impediments to that as possible .	我试图去除许多缺陷 , 就像可能一样 。
that he had fed live kittens to sharks . ( " no kittens . "	那个他曾经吃过美食的厨房去鲨鱼 。 ( ( 没有厨房 。
shield and heraldic mail with surcoat show your custom banner .	盾牌和草本邮件用外衣显示您的自定义禁止器 。
some believe there are concerns among the central government as well .	有些人相信中央政府也有关心 。
and she passed a crime scene where somebody was shot on the street .	她通过了一场犯罪场景 , 有人在街上拍摄 。
the east end of the chapel projects farther eastwards than the great gate .	这个章节的东端比大门更远 。
all others who found—and opened bottles—would be put to death .	所有发现的人都会打开瓶子--------------------------------------
in version 6 . 0 , many additional enhancements have been introduced .	在版本6.0中 , 介绍了许多额外的增强 。
pilate therefore , willing to release jesus , spake again to them .	因此 , 愿释放耶稣 , 再次对他们说话 。
this product has the functions of antifatigue and adjusting immune .	本产品具有抗疲劳和调节免疫功能 。
firstly , i needed to register domain name with a registrant . for e . g .	首先 , 我需要用一个注册器注册域名 。
the cast iron rod bushing provides maximum load bearing support .	铸铁棒轴承提供最大负载支撑 。
flower town: yunnan known as " kingdom of plants " .	花城:云南称为 " 植物王国 " 。
here's a frontispiece with rosenberg in a military coat .	在这里 , 罗森伯格和罗森伯格在军事服装 。
love the team , love the whole team , believe and trust , 4ever .	爱团队 , 爱整个团队 , 相信和信任 , 4岁 。
the machine is with accessories and suitable for the binging of insole .	机器是配件配件和适合于索尔的inging 。
he then changed into overalls and spent the next eight hours as a dustman .	然后他改变了整体 , 把下八个小时作为一个尘土人 。
i gave away a block of cheddar cheese with crumbled bacon in it .	我离开了一块切德达奶酪 , 在它里面有一块破碎的袋子 。
we came in third . that was because ivor caught a crab right at the start .	第三 , 我们来到了 。 这是因为ivor在开始时抓到了一只蟹 。
the beekeepers did not find dead adult bees as they often do after winter .	蜜蜂保持者在冬天经常会发现死亡成年蜜蜂 。
stiga has now managed to combine speed and touch in the same blade .	现在 , stiga已经管理在同样的刀片中结合速度和触摸 。
you may override this behavior with the n , or maxargs , parameter .	你可以用n , 或者maxargs , 参数覆盖这个行为 。
no , you may keep him out the whole night for me , '' i answered .	不 , 你可以把他留在我整个晚上 , " 我回答说 。
at the same time , their sensitivity to the absurd is sharper than ever .	与此同时 , 他们对吸收的敏感性比以往的敏感性更高 。
all good chinese writers who to my mind are worth anything have repudiated it .	所有对我的心灵的中国作家都值得任何东西都值得重新解释 。
for whom , for whom , who has waited for eternity in a thousand years ?	对于谁来说 , 对谁来说 , 谁在千年里等待永恒 ?
however , the injunction means it will miss out on the opportunity .	然而 , 注射意味着它会错过机会 。
these were led by arthur's halfsister , morgan , who was a witch .	这些都是由阿瑟的半姐摩根 , 他是个巫师 。
under kelly , westpac merged with st . george's in 2008 .	在kelly下 , 西方广播公司在2008年与圣乔治合并 。
i ' m calling you because the boy comes from your city , said dr . haydon .	我打电话叫你 , 因为这个男孩来自你的城市 , 海登博士说 。
it was a gloomy picture , but even so we were glad to be back in formosa .	这是一幅漂亮的照片 , 但即使我们很高兴地回到正式奥萨 。
though it would mean in reality we would probably look much different or not exist at all .	尽管这意味着我们可能会在现实中看到很多不同或不存在 。
the housing cost is concerned with the vital interests of the billions of people .	房屋成本与数十亿人民的重要利益有关 。
nominations and eight marriages , has died in los angeles at age 79 .	提名和八个婚姻 , 在79岁的洛杉矶死于洛杉矶 。
wild campaign charges were made against both polk and clay .	野外竞选指控是针对波尔克和粘土的 。
and these were different from the areas activated during the initial learning of the sequence .	这些区域在初步学习序列的初步学习中不同 。
a large press , inlaid with agate and lapislazuli , filled one .	一个大型的新闻 , 用agate和lapislazuli , 填充了一个 。
iron the fly area of the pants , then the seams and hem of the first leg .	铁裤的飞行区域 , 然后第一腿的缝纫和海姆 。
objective:to observe the action of ningxue decrease piles suppository .	目的:观察宁津津市的作用 。
breastfeeding pamphlets are available in our hospital to help you .	在我们的医院里 , 乳喂牧牧师可以帮助你 。
in order to properly handle criticism , you also need to properly handle praise .	为了正确处理批评 , 您也需要正确处理赞扬 。
horrible . unwilling to die ! can not be married , and divorce !	可怕 。 不愿死 ! 不能结婚 , 离婚 !
for it is just as when i feed myself – i don't expect to be rewarded .	就像我喂的那样 , 我不期待得到奖励 。
poor barry stopped a packet when his car was in collision with a lorry .	当他和一辆罗里碰撞时 , 巴里就停止了一包包包 。
when someone says , " i'm a speaker , " this is generally what they mean .	当有人说话时 , " 我是一个演讲者 , " 这通常是他们的意思 。
saponification slagfly ash can be used in the high fill sections of highway .	可以在高速公路高速填充段使用盐化渣灰 。
the discovery was made by nasa's planethunting telescope kepler .	美国宇航局的飞机飞机飞机望远镜卡普尔制造的发现 。
his daily work is to riddle coal cinders to get out the larger pieces .	他的日常工作是要骑着煤器去找出更大的碎片 。
an applied study of radioligand binding assay on some different receptors ;	对某些不同受体的辐射和绑定进行了研究 ;
it is far away in the country , but always with me , wherever i am .	这远处于这个国家 , 但总是跟我一起 , 不管我在哪里 。
to him , all the farewell sentiments are something one has to endure in life .	对于他来说 , 所有的福尔情绪都是某种事情 , 都必须持续生活 。
" this project was interesting for manyreasons , " says mr . rochon .	" 这个项目对许多原因很有兴趣 , " 罗克森先生说 。
in fact , the world of friendship there are jealous , that nothing less than love .	事实上 , 友谊世界有嫉妒 , 没有什么比爱更少 。
the inmates burst out laughing: " where do you think you are , sweden ? "	" 你认为你是在哪里 , 瑞典 ? "
neil webb got injured and i got my chance to play for england .	尼尔网络受伤并且我得到了机会为英格兰打球 。
so i made some metal tips for my fingers and learned to play again .	所以我为我的手指做了一些金属提示 , 学会再次演奏 。
if you can keep your cool under stressful situations , she'll notice .	如果你能保持冷却在强烈的情况下 , 她会注意到 。
with these sprigs just fly ahead of the other pocket bikes in the race .	随着这些脚步只是飞在赛跑的其他口袋自行车之前 。
improving the water desalting efficient is also an important method to saving water .	改善水处理效率也是节约水的重要方法 。
jeremy's eyes widened as he looked down at the city lights .	杰里米的眼睛在看着城市灯光的时候 , 他的眼睛越来越宽 。
we left there at 5:00pm , and we were all very happy for this excursion .	我们在那里离开了5:00pm , 我们都很高兴这次练习 。
how you find " smart " people who know the technology and the business ?	你怎么找到 " 聪明 " 的人知道技术和业务 ?
yes , i must thank you for organizing that . i found it most interesting .	是的 , 我必须感谢您组织 , 我发现它最有趣 。
the spring water is of dark green , deep and running all the year round .	春水是深绿、深、运行全年的 。
this means they will also have access to compulsory education for free .	这意味着他们也将有访问自由的强制教育 。
to recognize the disease , the review and report are as follows .	为了识别疾病 , 审查和报告就像随后一样 。
jeanie is right . here inuit can hunt and shoottokill freely .	简妮是对的 , 这里的诱导可以自由打猎和拍摄 。
" i dance rather well for a cowboy , " he told her amusedly .	" 我跳得很好 , 为了一个牛仔 , " 他告诉她很忙 。
meshing the research and marketing operations will be mr . furlaud's job .	把研究和营销运作刷成弗拉德先生的工作 。
homicides are also rare , which makes new zealand a safe place to live in .	同类药物也很罕见 , 这使新西兰成为一个安全生活的地方 。
at citigroup , revenue fell by $28 billion , or 34% .	在citigroup中 , 收入下降了28亿美元 , 或34% 。
could your faith remain firm and immoveable through these challenging times ?	你的信仰仍然坚定 , 并且可以通过这些挑战的时候移动 ?
it is no good hen that crackles in your house and lay in another's .	在你的房子里没有好的亨恩 , 还是在另一个房子里躺在一起 。
mr . abas said the talk with powell was deep , severe and hopeful...	阿巴斯先生说 , 与波威尔谈话深刻、严重和希望...
the codification of china's private law should model led on german one .	中国私法的编码应该模拟德国一个 。
as a writer , i make my life known and woven into the fabric of literature .	作为一位作家 , 我把我的生命和创造成文学的织物 。
before then , operating systems were handcoded in assembly and were not portable .	在此之前 , 操作系统在组装中处理并不可移植 。
at least now , you will have something to show for it . it may even end up on youtube .	至少现在 , 你会有一些东西为它展示出来 , 甚至可能结束在youtubube上 。
getting this one in the fairway is a must to avoid the canyon left .	在公平公路上 , 要避免峡谷离开 。
the little mermaid is one of anderson's more moving fairytales .	小合并的是安德森更加活跃的童话之一 。
as soon as the baby cormorant breaks the eggs , it is watched by damin himself .	就像婴儿的腐蚀性一样 , 就像小孩一样 , 它被戴明自己看着 。
chinese translations shall be attached to the documents and forms done in foreign languages .	中国翻译应当附在外国语言中进行文档和形式 。
navy blue is a trusted colour and gives us confidence , " lindsay said . "	林德西说: " 海军蓝是一种真实的色彩 , 给我们信心 。 "
except it's difficult to analyze the genes of the extinct mosasaurs .	除了分析灭绝的莫萨尔基因很难 。
therefore , collectivity design on the underwater ship hull cleaning robot is finished .	因此 , 完成了水下船壳清洗机器人集体设计 。
grasp planning is the most important subject of the masterslave dexterous hand grasping .	grasp规划是主奴隶脱毒手抓握的最重要课题 。
using the latest technologies and procedures in manufacturing , officemanagement and design .	采用最新技术和工艺 , 制造、办公管理和设计 。
returns the zerobased index of the item at the specified coordinates .	返回指定的协调项目的零基本指标 。
he extended along to see an outside and started to grip a duck leg to bite all alone .	他沿着看到外面 , 开始抓一只鸭腿 , 单独咬一切 。
chanel's dedication to the apparel industry will never be forgotten by people of the world .	通道对服装行业的奉献永远不会被世界人忘记 。
some discussions concerning the application and selected method of power line carrier equipment are also given .	给出了关于电力线载波设备的应用和选择方法 。
a soa is an enterprisescale it architecture for linking resources on demand .	soa是一个企业规模it架构 , 用于链接资源的需求 。
total firsttime enrolment of international graduate students rose 12 per cent this year .	今年国际大学毕业生总收入总额上升了12% 。
the soviet commitment to the destruction of capitalism is not purely ritualistic and proforma .	资本主义破坏的苏联承诺并非纯粹的仪式主义和表现 。
the town of lunenburg just like tongli is also a world cultural heritage site .	午餐城 , 就像通利一样 , 也是一个世界文化遗产网站 。
in this paper , a kind of new catalysts for olefins hydroformylation was studied .	本文研究了一种新型的olefins水解催化剂 。
finally , the key issues for future development and solving strategies were discussed .	最后讨论了未来发展和解决策略的关键问题 。
objective to study the protective effects of pts on focal cerebral ischemia in rats .	目的探讨pts对大鼠焦点脑缺血的保护作用 。
ftlauderdalesun — stark contrast to the violent and swift water of the beach .	ftlauderdalesun-星星与海滩的暴力和漂浮水相比 。
tarpaulin , can be seen everywhere in china and is said not only very unique landscape .	塔尔帕林 , 可以看到中国各地的地方 , 说不仅是非常独特的景观 。
a deep change is coming and it aims to transform several life phellolosophelloes .	一个深刻的变化 , 它旨在转换几个生命的phellosophellosophellos 。
during the summer months , mice will generally live outside and remain contended there .	夏季 , 小鼠一般生活在外面 , 仍然在那里 。
the key to making a skidded parallel turn is the controlled sideslip .	滑动并行转换的关键是控制侧滑动 。
the next step is to instantiate the runtime wires that connect the components .	下一步就是实例连接组件的运行时线 。
one free draft beer for purchasing draft beer at lunch time in de bistro .	一个自由的抽屉啤酒 , 用于购买午餐时间的啤酒 。
the judge told the prisoner the jury had acquitted him of the charge of bigamy .	法官告诉监狱官 , 陪审团已经收到了他大麻的指控 。
the six u . s . schools have awarded more than 2 , 250 degrees here .	美国六所学校获得了超过2 , 250摄氏度 。
these attacks must stop and so must the smuggling of weapons into gaza .	这些攻击必须停止 , 所以必须把武器吸入加沙 。
i am very satisfied , from 2001 to the present the past few years amounted to more than live .	我很满意 , 从2001年到2001年 , 到目前几年来 , 数量超过生活 。
figure 4: mapping the various abd workflows across several projects	图4:将各种abd工作流映射到几个项目中 。
the medieval worlds in its everyday transactions , had never insisted upon ready money .	日常交易中世纪的世界 , 从来没有坚持准备金钱 。
you cannot abuse and torture people and expect to get results that are accurate and credible .	你不能滥用和扭曲人们 , 并且期待得到准确的和可信的结果 。
clark's sgmls is the most widelyused sgml parser in the world .	克拉克的sgmls是世界上最广泛的sgml解析器 。
" look , nanny , perfume , " eleanor holds up a bottle of cologne .	" 看 , 南妮 , 香水 , " 埃伦诺举行了一瓶cologne 。
have you ever tried to answer questions like these , either for yourself or for someone else ?	你曾经试过如此这样的答案 , 还是为了你自己还是为别人来回答问题 ?
the catalog contains the latest releases of projects and their descriptions .	目录包含最新发布的项目和其描述 。
it sets out tax policy for the year . since 1997 there has also been a prebudget report .	自1997年以来 , 它为今年的税收政策建立了税收政策 。 自1997年以来 , 也有一份预期的报告 。
objective to establish the qualitative identification methods of ninxin capsules .	目的建立中毒胶囊的定性鉴定方法 。
objective: to set up the fast immune method in detecting ureaplasma urealyticum .	目的:建立快速免疫检测尿浆尿浆尿管分析方法 。
he al ays makes full preparations for his classes and corrects our home ork carefully .	他alys为他的课程做了完整的准备 , 并仔细地纠正我们的家庭轨道 。
lady gaga: for halloween i'm going to be...a little monster ! ! ! !	女士ga:为了我要做的 , 我要做的是...小怪物 ! !
and the living creatures ran and returned as the appearance of a flash of lightning .	生命的生物跑回来 , 作为闪烁的光芒的出现 。
we caught up with a variety of lawyers and legal academics on the deal .	我们以各种律师和法律学术在交易上采取了各种法律学术 。
when poissons ratio is zero , tile exact solution of displacement is obtained .	当毒子比为零时 , 得到了轮胎正确的位移方案 。
affects a maximum of 5 friendly targets and 5 enemy targets .	影响5个友好目标和5个敌人目标的最大目标 。
he apparently expected to see only lattesipping , scriptwriting spectators .	他显然预计只能看到晚期的sipping , 脚本写作观众 。
it's a smile , a rather dorky smile , but there's a smile .	这是一笑 , 一个宁静的多尔基微笑 , 但有一笑 。
minimizes penetration , which may help prevent burnthrough on thin materials .	最小化渗透 , 这可能有助于防止薄材料烧伤 。
the state space equation of rigidflexible coupled isolation system is established .	建立了刚性耦合分离系统的状态空间方程 。
her louboutin ankle boots provide that highfashion edge she's become famous for .	她的路板脚踝靴子提供了高时尚的边缘 , 她成为著名的 。
high cortisol levels can affect sleep , weight and immune resistance .	高纤维醇水平能影响睡眠、体重和免疫抵抗 。
resultsincidence rate of psychological problems was 15 . 79% in the editors ;	结果在编辑中 , 心理问题的发生率为15.79% ;
our publication house plans to publish a series of modern versions of the classics .	我们的出版社计划发布一系列现代版本的经典版本 。
made out of chestnut wood , and all the blocks and cleats are made out of cherry wood .	从胸部木制成 , 所有的块块和清洁都是从樱桃木制成的 。
his artwork has been compiled into the series collected art work of jao tsungi .	他的艺术作品一直被编译成了一系列集合的jaotsungi艺术作品 。
if you run into crocodiles , just kick them with your boots . you want to catch me up ?	如果你跑进鳄鱼 , 只是用你的靴子打开它们 。 你想抓住我吗 ?
when you’re enjoying what you do , you’re more likely to do it well and to be successful .	当你喜欢做什么时候 , 你更可能做得很好 , 成功 。
their insights were invaluable to me in putting the " how to " parts of these posts together .	他们的注意力对我来说 , " 如何把这些邮件的部分放在一起 。
this can be made a skip test to try to ping localhost if apache is in the process list .	如果apache在过程列表中 , 这可以做到一个滑动测试来尝试ping本地主机 。
tom: that is weird . if every comment was left at 2:08 , it must be a clue .	汤姆:这是奇怪的 , 如果每个评论都在2:08左右 , 那就必须是一个线索 。
andrew feustel , an astronaut , got soap in his eye and started tearing up .	安德鲁·费斯特尔 , 一名宇航员安德鲁·费斯特尔在眼睛里得到了肥皂 , 开始泪水 。
experimentation proved that tdd digital handset is feasible in technology .	实验证明 , tdd数字手机是可行的 。
we will provide you some inquiry or reference about view , food , residence during the journey .	我们将为您提供一些关于观看、食品、居住在旅行期间的询问或参考 。
enrico letta of the democratic party of the left said the violence must be deplored .	左派的民主党的恩科·卡塔说 , 暴力必须被探讨 。
joe:well , it's a ...ok . let me teach you . one plus one equals two .	乔:好吧 , 让我教你 。 一个等于两个 。
this paper makes a further development on the basis of the study made by the traditional grammarians .	本文对传统语法学家制作的研究进一步发展进行了深入的研究 。
reference:help improve . . . . therefore , it is in the basic interestes of all chinese .	参考:help改进 。 因此 , 它是在中国的基本利益 。
this moment will nap , you will have a dream ; but this moment study , you will interpret a dream .	这个时刻你会有梦想 ; 但这时的研究 , 你会解释梦想 。
like i mentioned , you can also use " i want to " to ask if you may do something indirectly .	就像我提到的那样 , 你也可以使用 " 我想问 " 如果你可以直接做一些事情 。
i did ask and the guy said he was neg and only ever played safe but hadnt been tested in over a year .	我做了问 , 这个家伙说他是网 , 只有在一年里没有测试过 。
thee guy replies , " oh , that was his mother . she wanted him tobe a doctor . " "	家伙回答说: " 哦 , 那是他的母亲 。 她想要他成为医生 。 "
well it is a watch but it is a steampunk watch and that is what makes all the difference .	哦 , 这是一个观察 , 但它是一个蒸汽的观察 , 这就是使所有的差异 。
butterflies , flying around della , said , " can you smell the spring in the air ?	戴拉周围飞行的蝴蝶 , 说: " 你能闻到空气中的春天吗 ? "
i swear to god . i'll throw you out of this house and never look at you again !	我向上帝发誓 , 我将把你从这栋房子里扔出来 , 再也从不再看你 !
every time you touch your face , you're oepositing dirt and oil , which can clog pores .	每当你触摸你的脸部时 , 你都会接受污泥和石油 , 可以登录石油 。
the premium line will be designed by tara members , and include their writing and pictures .	第一行将由塔拉成员设计 , 包括他们的写作和图片 。
if an amount is not stated in the appendix to tender this sub clause shall not apply .	如果申请人在附件中没有发布数量 , 则不得申请本子条款 。
and ebay claims it does a better job of preventing fraud than other payment services .	而ebay声称 , 预防诈骗的工作比其他支付服务更好 。
correlation of different tnm stages in the overall correlation coefficient is0 . 569 .	在整体相关系数中 , 不同的tnm阶段的关系是0.569 。
if you give up the right , anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law .	如果你放弃权利 , 你所说的任何东西都可以用来反对你在法院的法院 。
at the same time . the interference in the detection caused by the presence of m50 alkyl...	同时 , 由m50烷基的存在引起的检测干扰 。
may you remain strong and continue praying for us , most honoured and reverent lord .	愿你依然坚强 , 继续为我们祈祷 , 大多数荣誉和尊敬耶和华 。
you can also design your own modules , so webmin can always be adapted to fit your needs .	你还可以设计自己的模块 , 因此webmin总是可以适应您的需要 。
the dialer makes out going phone calls on the pc with a usb phone or headset .	透析器用usb手机或头部调用电话 。
we want to try to solve problems that have troubled our nations and our relationship for decades .	我们要试图解决我们的国家和我们的关系几十年来遇到的问题 。
there are many many ways round it , i think that at every occasion we need to look for the best fingering .	有许多方式 , 我认为每次我们都需要寻找最好的手指 。
finally , when she turned fortyfive years old , she found the courage to walk away .	最后 , 当她转了四十五岁的时候 , 她发现了勇气去走 。
there is nothing more damaging than not having a single question at the end of an interview .	采访结束时 , 没有什么伤害更多 , 没有一个问题 。
sundress in chiffon with adjustable shoulder straps and layered sweep .	适合调节肩带和层扫描的雪佛松的声音 。
in addition , bba could increase the expression of hsp60 at 12 h after sn lesion .	此外 , bba可以在sn病变后提高hsp60的表达 。
merrie shook her head . “i don’t think they’ve figured out yet how to live . ”	梅丽摇晃着头 , " 我不认为他们还是如何生活了 。 "
the second newly confirmed case was a 23yearold man from bogor , west java .	第二个新确认的案例是一个23岁的男人 , 来自西杰瓦 。
single flagship product with potential integrations to other aspects of the sccm suite	单国旗舰产品与潜在集成到其它方面的scm套件的scm套件 。
i'm carl azuz , welcome to a new week of cnn student news .	我是卡尔·阿兹 , 欢迎新周的cnn学生新闻 。
last time john flow to hong kong he was so ill he had to use the airsickness bag .	上次约翰流到香港 , 他是如此疾病 , 他必须使用空气病袋 。
when i got it out of the trash , it was covered in soggy , sticky garbage .	当我从垃圾里出来时 , 它被覆盖在蛋中 , 粘着垃圾 。
listen to the reports , know the landscape , plug your ears , and go on ahead .	聆听报告 , 了解景观 , 把你的耳朵插在前面 。
lest the lord see it , and it displease him , and he turn away his wrath from him .	让耶和华看见它 , 让他解散了他 , 他从他那里转过来 。
plg and antibiotic group exhibited significantly lower scores than others .	plg和抗生素组显著低于其他人 。
if they do something good , no matter how small , celebrate like they just landed on the moon !	如果他们做一些好事情 , 无论如何小 , 庆祝他们只是在月球上登陆 !
idiographic type , each technical parameter , please call oremail !	身份图形类型 , 每个技术参数 , 请打电话邮件 !
there's someone who loves you far more than you know with a love that kee growing as days come and go .	有些人喜欢你远远超过你了解的爱 , 就像日子一样长 , 去了 。
globalisation is a catchall to describe increased international trade .	全球化是描述增加国际贸易的捕捉者 。
use the " i'm frustrated " pattern to express yourself when you feel stifled ,	用 " 我感到沮丧 " 的模式来表达自己 , 当你感到僵硬时 , 就会感到自己表达自己了 。
my parents speak and act like " old children " , often make people laugh .	我的父母说话和行为如 " 老孩子 " , 常让人们笑 。
buffalo has offered many insights into the human dance in the materials we have shared .	在我们共享的材料中 , 巴菲洛提供了许多关注 。
the u . s . emerged from the grueling 20072009 recession just over two years ago .	美国2007-2009年刚刚刚刚刚刚出现过两年前的经济衰退 。
kneed for 10 minutes and set aside in a large bowl until double in size .	膝盖10分钟 , 然后在大碗里设置 , 直到两个尺寸 。
her children vetoed the idea , saying mr . diez just wants her money .	她的孩子们对这个想法说 , 迪埃兹先生只是想要她的钱 。
things between us you can't hide , a stranger's hand weighs upon your mind .	我们之间的东西不能隐藏 , 陌生人的手重在你的脑海上 。
however , when the snow continued to the south sala , has become a disaster .	然而 , 当雪继续南沙拉的时候 , 已经成为灾难 。
here is the reddest rose in all the world . you will wear it tonight next your heart .	这里是世界上最红色的玫瑰 , 你今晚会穿着它的夜晚 。
love is our true destiny . we do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone .	爱是我们真正的命运 , 我们不会发现自己的生活意义 。
out of his trance jim seemed quickly to wake . he enfolded his della .	他从火车里出来的吉姆似乎很快醒来了 。 他把他的戴拉放进去 。
the breed is only one in a gallery of bizarre variations of the common goldfish .	这种种子只是在一个奇异的金鱼园里 。
ceaselessly musing , venturing , throwing , seeking the spheres to connect them .	不断的音乐 , 静脉 , 抛动 , 寻找螺旋连接它们 。
how can a side , the spot asked zhu xiaoshui is a small shewolf .	如何可以一边 , 被问朱小淑是一个小的羊毛 。
dragons are terrifying and aweinspiring as they take wing and breathe fire .	龙正在困扰和激励他们采取翅膀和呼吸的时候 。
but your precious hours are probably better spent thinking about whether you like your date .	但是你珍贵的几小时可能会更好地花费考虑你是否喜欢你的日期 。
yet others advertise their services – known as escort services – on the internet .	然而 , 其他人广告他们的服务 , 称为scort服务-scort服务在互联网上 。
if they add artificial intelligence , we can find out if the device is happy as a clam .	如果他们增加了人工智能 , 我们就可以发现设备是否快乐 , 那么我们就可以找到 。
in addition , 2/84 cases could not be detected by rsca for their poor pcr results .	此外 , 2/84例并不能被rsca检测为他们的pcr结果 。
i'll live my life apart from you , just glimpsing you across the sky .	我将远离你 , 只是在天空里闪耀你 。
people , but i don't know , at the same time , i think people are really interested in what they're doing .	人们 , 但我不知道 , 同时我觉得人们真的很感兴趣他们正在做什么 。
greek , made in athens , 510 – 490 bc , from vulci , italy .	希腊 , 在雅典 , 510年-490年代 , 意大利的维尔奇 。
this not only recite a long time , will be known to the " cooked " to " fine " , as i can .	这不仅是很长的时间 , 就会被人们所知的 " 烹饪 " 到 " 精美 " , 就像我可以 。
young plants of the wheat and the grass were the best to feed the nymphae .	小麦的年轻植物和草是最好的喂养nympha 。
nowadays as more and more people study abroad , the returnees are not so popular as before .	如今 , 国外越来越多的人学习 , 回归不像以前那么受欢迎 。
however , eventually the crowds tire of him and he gets bored just swinging on tires .	然而 , 最后 , 人群的轮胎 , 他只是在轮胎上飞行 。
as we all know the opium war in 1840 china began to the modernization of humiliation .	正如我们所有人都知道 , 1840年中国开始对谦卑现代化的战争 。
jeb wilkinson: a man has only one life time . but history can remember you forever .	杰布·威尔金森:一个人只有一生 , 但历史才能记得永远 。
the heat then propels the seawater back up through the crust , where it meets colder water .	然后 , 热将海水沿着地壳回来 , 它遇到冷水 。
david k . cohen's teaching and its predicaments takes on that paradox .	大卫k.con的教学和其预言是在那个悖论上 。
in late 1970s , some npos have realized that marketing may be helpful to reach their goal .	在1970年代末 , 一些npos已经意识到营销可能有助于达到他们的目标 。
crop scientist jess lowenbergdeboer says this helps local farmers relate to them .	农作物科学家jessss低伯格德波尔说 , 这帮助当地农民与他们有关 。
say , " mary is my friend , and it makes me feel bad to hear you talk this way . "	说: " 玛丽是我的朋友 , 让我感觉不好 , 听到你说话 。 "
nitrate was the mainly form of dissolved inorganic nitrogen in zhelin bay .	硝酸盐是锌湾溶解无机氮的主要形式 。
consider purchasing a hepa filter to remove the greatest amount of allergens .	考虑购买一台肝滤波器去除最大的过敏原子 。
if you decide to have a more featurerich database later , you will have to change the code in your application .	如果您决定稍后有更多的特性丰富的数据库 , 那么您就必须在应用程序中改变代码 。
one day , when they do find time to stop to smell the flowers , it might be too late .	有一天 , 当他们找到时间停止闻到花朵时 , 可能太晚了 。
kra could not be applied to uncertain data directly because uncertain data has probability .	kra不能直接应用于不确定数据 , 因为不确定数据具有概率 。
please send your resumes , expected salary and photos to address by post .	请发送您的恢复 , 预计薪水和照片通过邮件来解决 。
li bai said there is a place near the hot springs , is an excellent place to cultivate .	李白说 , 在热泉附近有一个地方 , 是培养优秀的地方 。
but perhaps you'd like to see it in hires on a huge screen ? maybe in 3d ?	但可能你想在大屏幕上看到它吗 ? 也许在3d里 ?
he kept his strong and vigorous mien . the water bottle in his bag wobbled .	他保持强壮壮壮壮壮壮的米 , 水瓶里的袋子里的水瓶被困扰了 。
as logistics sites , cities are of higher risk of harmful biological invasion .	随着物流网站 , 城市的危险越来越高 。
in joint offense has transitional form of crimes , also exists surplus behavior .	在联合犯罪的过渡形式 , 也存在超过行为 。
in certain circumstances the capabilities of a human observer are limited .	在某些情况下 , 人类观察器的能力有限 。
careful examination of the orings confirmed that there was no blowby whatsoever .	仔细的检查证实 , 无论是什么都没有吹嘘 。
most of the time this will apply to cutting up visual designs or helping troubleshoot a bug .	大多数时间 , 这将适用于切割视觉设计或帮助麻烦 。
no matter where i go , yangzhou's snacks will never leave my mind .	不管我去哪里 , 杨州的小吃会永远不会留下我的心 。
the increasing speed of internet connections is the main reason for the fastgrowth .	互联网连接的增加速度是快速增长的主要原因 。
here's hoping that more of his work gets translated into english . and soon , please !	这里希望更多的作品都能翻译成英语 。 很快 , 请快 !
representation of cancer in the medical literature a bibliometric analysis	医学文献中癌症的表现 , 是一项实验室的分析 。
the mayfly is to trout fly fishing , what the microchip is to the personal computer .	飞机是要把飞钓 , 微芯片到个人计算机上是什么 。
we pissed our teacher off again today , horsing around and acting up .	我们今天再次把我们的老师放下来 , 骑马周围 , 跑起来 。
the findings of physical examination correlated with the different nerve root deficits .	与不同神经根缺陷相关的物理检查结果 。
disabling , refractory knee pain that meets both of the following criteria .	令人难以置信 , 难以置信的膝疼痛 , 满足以下标准 。
village environment safety is beautiful and clean , vegetation is rich !	村庄环境安全是美丽而清洁的 , 植被丰富 !
you can air dry sports bras to prolong the life of the moisturewicking fabrics .	您可以空气干燥的体育勇气 , 延长湿润的织物的生活 。
chill winter didn't affect the trend of outbreak of summer and fall .	寒冷的冬天并没有影响夏季爆发的趋势 。
in xikang , for instance , a number of problems have cropped up in this field .	例如 , 在西康 , 许多问题已经在这个领域作了 。
minute fragments of shoot apices are proverbially difficult to culture .	几分钟的射击功能的分数可能是很难文化的 。
a tipical reset technique for five transistors active pixel is proposed .	提出了一种用于五个转换器活性pixel的提高重新恢复技术 。
well , the answer is simple , the answer is found using a counterexample .	嗯 , 答案简单 , 使用反例来找到答案 。
objective: nutrients in northern hibiscus syriacus are determined .	目的:确定北部hibiscus综合征营养成分 。
burning fire dragon in huanglongxi dated back to the southern song dynasty .	黄隆西燃烧火龙回到南宋 。
cu sidhe are huge , dark green fay hounds from the land of ever young .	cusidhe是巨大的 , 黑色的脸庞从未经年轻的土地上走出来 。
print a machine parsable list of features the specified plugin provides .	打印一个机器可解析的特点列表 , 指定的插件提供 。
the chinese traditional culture is kind of material form of the chinese thinking , speaking and operating .	中国传统文化是中国思维、讲话和操作的材料形式 。
the workers were frequently beaten and were forced to live in prisonlike conditions .	工人经常被打败 , 被迫在监狱类似的条件下生活 。
an entrylevel position in sales . eventual goal: manager of marketing department .	销售进口水平 。 事件目标:营销部经理 。
in the course of our trip , we have learned a great deal in all the places we visited .	在我们的旅行过程中 , 我们已经在我们访问的所有地方学到了很大的处理 。
oh , i went to this beautiful place in italy . it's called tuscany .	哦 , 我去意大利这个美丽的地方 , 它叫做土斯卡尼 。
that he might sanctify her , cleansing her by the washing of the water in the word .	那时他可能会用水洗净她 , 用词来洗净她 。
how does ability overcome my old selfabased psychology ? very irritated !	如何克服我的老年自助心理 ? 非常激烈 !
there's less than two weeks to go until the start of the shenzhen universiade .	在深圳大学开始之前 , 有两个星期不到两个星期 。
rub the cream , for heating , which is more easily absorbed by the skin .	橡胶 , 用于加热 , 更容易被皮肤吸收 。
the hexapede staggers . it stands , its muscles spasming , then falls over .	它站在身上 , 它的肌肉痉挛 , 然后倒下来 。
to get myself to actually do , my favorite trick is the 50 minutes rule .	为了让自己做到实际上 , 我最喜欢的技巧是50分钟的规则 。
the next step would be to add the such systems to subways in major metropolitan areas .	下一个步骤将是将这些系统添加到主要的都市地铁 。
in old china , eighty per cent of the children received no formal education .	在中国老年 , 8%的儿童接受不正式的教育 。
my dad was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in the prime of hellos life .	我的爸爸被诊断为hellos寿命的多个硬化 。
these projects showed the wisdom and innovativeness of the participating students .	这些项目显示了参与学生的智慧和创新性 。
tour montparnasse , with 209 meters the second highest in europe , paris .	209年 , 在巴黎的第二个最高的巴黎 , 旅游蒙特帕纳斯 。
during the month the house was under repair , we lived with our cousins next door .	几个月 , 房子在修理之下 , 我们住在下一个门口 。
the news isn't all bad , according to an accompanying editorial .	根据一份适合编辑的报道 , 新闻并不坏 。
an object of the present invention is to miniaturize a circuit board connector .	本发明的对象是模拟电路板连接器 。
uzma mehboob worked as a program manager when the shelter was for women .	uzmamehboob作为一个程序经理 , 当她是为妇女工作的时候 , uzmamehboob是一个程序经理 。
the paper gives an introduction to the research and produce of the product of base wallpaper .	本文介绍了基墙纸生产的研究和生产 。
we substituted red balls for blue balls , to see if the baby could notice .	我们将红球替换为蓝球 , 看看婴儿是否能注意到 。
the great will of combating the yushu earthquake continuously inspired me .	伟大的愿望不断地震战斗 , 继续激励我 。
this is because the outer cuticle layer of the hair fiber is broken and flaked .	这是因为头发纤维的外部纹状层被破碎 , 被破碎 。
compound of protease , amylase , diastatic enzyme , mannase etc .	复合蛋白酶、氨酸、糖化酶、糖化酶等 。
has destroyed argentina's 5 " the super colors " the attack airplane .	已经摧毁了阿根廷5号 " 超级色彩 " 的袭击飞机 。
stress shelter of iesn was less than that of intramedullary interlocking nail .	yn的应力剪切比inmullary相关钉少 。
this furnace is used at the anshan iron and steel co . as demonstration furnace .	本炉用于安山铁和钢铁 。 如示范炉 。
china's reform on the election system of presiding judge has been implemented for 5 years .	中国对总统法官选举制度的改革已达到5年 。
feel the body relax , feel the tenseness disappear , but do not fall asleep .	感觉到身体放松 , 感觉张力消失 , 但不要睡觉 。
after about 6 months of silence , there have been some significant updates .	在大约6个月的沉默之后 , 有很大的更新 。
they at once take up their nephews' cause , free them , and kill their guards .	他们曾经拿起他们的网络的原因 , 免费他们 , 杀死他们的警卫 。
quest , question , there is no coincidence that there is an etymological link between the two .	问问 , 问题是 , 两者之间没有一致的相互联系 。
the reason behind this is that it makes the products seem to have higher protein levels .	这后面的原因是 , 它使产品似乎具有较高的蛋白水平 。
azo is deposited by electronic beam evaporation on the k9 substrates .	azo是由电子束蒸发在k9基底上沉积的 。
a polling station is where i vote and is listed on my elector information card .	一个投票站是我投票的地方 , 是在我的电梯信息卡上列出的 。
pvc insulated and pvc sheathed fine steel wire armoured power cables .	pvc绝缘和pvc表面细钢电缆 。
the membrane technology has been widely used in the water treatment industry .	膜技术已广泛应用于水处理工业 。
when the tank is filled , it will fill in all the gaps and pull the plastic tight .	当罐子填满时 , 它将填满所有的空间 , 然后拉紧塑料 。
in the marmoset kitchen , peter prepares the monkeys' daily menu .	在马尔摩塞厨房里 , 彼得准备了猴子的日常菜单 。
gold apt to look for in the world , human world bosom friend difficult to seek .	黄金apt寻找世界 , 人类天下的朋友难以寻找 。
the paper also describes descaling scheme , control conditions and cleaning results .	文章还详细介绍了模拟方案、控制条件和清洗结果 。
my recommendation is to choose one of these activities , most days of the week .	我的建议是选择这些活动之一 , 最多的一周 。
the theory of tidal friction is the concern of dynamic oceanography .	潮摩擦理论是动态异常的关注 。
the excited o_2 molecule oxidizes a free radical in the solvent .	激活的o2分子在溶剂中氧化自由基 。
jenna: an australian accused a chinese restaurant of cooking koalas .	詹娜:澳大利亚指责一家中国餐厅烹饪koalas 。
the homotopy operator of difference complex is an important result .	差异复杂的同步操作符是一个重要的结果 。
well , if i had the option , i would really like to go to grad school for linguistics .	好吧 , 如果我有选项 , 我真的想去学习语言学校 。
they found that individuals have reduced selfconcept clarity after a breakup .	他们发现 , 在突破之后 , 个人已经减少自我概念清晰度 。
tonight tis zhichunlu warm air of new insect sound through the green screens .	今晚的组织在绿色的屏幕上透过新昆虫的温暖空气 。
the rotating slip ring is insulated from the shaft by a laminated plastic bushing .	旋转滑环由拉伸塑料布置绝缘 。
while arousing more , then such as mercury xian ground , the glory yi shoot ;	尽管引起更多的时候 , 如水星xian地面 , 荣耀的yi射击 ;
preparation of manpower , funds and materials for rescue and disaster relief ;	制备人力、资金和材料为救援和灾难救济 ;
this painting is of no use to draw the shades of images of light distribution .	这幅画没有用来绘制光分布的形象 。
the candidates will received their test report forms with one month after they finished their test .	候选人将在完成他们的测试结果之后接受他们的测试报告表 。
when disturbed , the fish inflates itself and becomes globular in form .	当被扰乱的时候 , 鱼类自身膨胀 , 变成了形式的全球 。
content schematics show concise pictures of what makes a data structure big .	内容模式显示了什么使数据结构大 。
its nine points are numbered 100 through 900 for easy citation and reference .	它的9个点是100到900个 , 简单的引用和参考 。
i'd love to stay later , but my mom would pitch a fit i'm not home by 10 .	我很喜欢呆在后面 , 但我妈妈会在10岁的时候打个适合我不会回家 。
and when you go there , the first thing you think is " oh my god , this place is amazing . "	当你去那里时 , 你认为的第一件事是 " 哦 , 这个地方令人惊讶 。 "
she realised then that horrific sexual violence was taking place in every village round goma .	她意识到 , 恐怖的性暴力在每个村庄周围的各个村庄都在发生 。
in time , maybe two weeks , you'll be ready for a sight and a target .	时间 , 也许两个星期 , 你会准备好准备看一下和目标 。
the character of dividing frequency of granite double fractal is discussed also .	讨论了颗粒双分形的分形频率的特点 。
pro: the report based on high resolution image component would be printed in high quality .	前言:基于高分辨率图像组件的报告将在高质量印刷 。
love does not consist in gazing at each other but looking forward together in the same direction .	爱情并不一致 , 彼此不一致 , 但希望在同一方向上共同努力 。
city is a big source of geo environmental polution and its victim as well .	城市是地球环境污染和其受害者的大源泉 。
so what should i do ? actually i lied , by the way , when i said the answer was over there .	所以我应该做什么呢 ? 实际上我躺在那里 , 当我说的答案是在那里 。
we would quickly find out that our presentation was doomed before we ever set foot into the meeting .	我们很快就会发现我们的表演是在我们曾经设置足以进入会议之前 。
walnut creek is just outside oakland , loves apple products , and has great internet .	沃伦特·克里克只是在奥克兰外面 , 爱苹果产品 , 拥有很大的互联网 。
they tend to forage out into the gulf , where the oil is dominating the seascape , " he says .	他说 , 他们倾向于挖掘海湾 , 那里的石油正在挖掘海洋 。
this test is interesting because stringbuffers are optimized for performing fast appends .	这个测试很有趣 , 因为stringbuffers优化为执行快速的应用程序 。
then you can you create helpful checklists or other articles as pdfs that people can download .	然后 , 您可以创建有益的检查列表或其他文章 , 如人们可以下载的pdfs 。
" if you wait for things to be perfect , you're going to wait a long time .	" 如果你等待事情完美 , 你就会等待很长时间等待 。 "
view the people who have access to the site you’ll be on the people . aspx page .	看看你将在人群上访问的网站的人 , aspx页面 。
your eyes show sternness , but more kindness and care . thank you for me feel important .	你的眼睛显得很稳定 , 但更加友好 , 感谢你对我感到非常重要 。
in some cases , yes , but the inherent skepticism lives on , experts say .	专家说 , 在某些情况下 , 是的 , 是的 , 但内在的怀疑主义生活 。
1967 suharto takes over from sukarno to become president of indonesia .	1967年苏哈托从苏卡诺开始成为印尼总统 。
not only can walking fish live out of water but they can also travel short distances over land .	不仅可以从水中走出鱼 , 而且它们也可以在土地上旅行短距离 。
the boy dropped the apples he had stolen and cut away across the orchard .	这个男孩把苹果扔了下来 , 他已经偷了下来 , 砍掉了过去 。
as a new method , ree tracer technique has been widely used in soil erosion research .	作为一种新方法 , 在土壤侵蚀研究中广泛应用ree牵引器技术 。
they also converted one species of bacterium into another through a “genome transplant” .	他们还通过 " 基因组移植 " 转化了一种细菌 。
it compares well enough with my nikon 50mm f1 . 4 at max aperture .	与我的nikon50mf1.4相比 , 在最大孔度上比较了足够好 。
reducing the date rate by onehalf will double the duration of each symbol interval .	减少一半的日期率将双倍的符号间隔时间 。
" then why are you crying ? " asks the bird . " you are making me wet ! "	" 那么你为什么哭呢 ? " 鸟问道 , " 你是让我湿了 ! "
since then 16 years , the war stretches continuously , but are relatively small .	自那时16年以来 , 战争延伸不断 , 但战争相对较小 。
i'm actually a little bit sad because i really like michigan state university .	我实际上很伤心 , 因为我真喜欢密歇根州立大学 。
the competition : “i watch all my competitors closely and with lots of respect .	竞争: " 我关注我的竞争对手 , 很多人都尊重 。 "
but dobby had to come . dobby has to protect harry potter . to warn him .	但多比要来 。 多比要保护哈利波特 。 要警告他 。
ben had it out with his roommate about coming back home so late and making a lot of noise .	本和他的室友们一起回到家 , 这样晚些时候 , 就会有很多噪音 。
when the language in literature is artful , i would choose to read every word .	当文学中的语言是艺术的时候 , 我会选择阅读每个字 。
and a lawless afghanistan could again become alqaeda’s base .	阿富汗没有法律的阿富汗再次会变成基地 。
also , all of my teammates were courteous , kind and available in the dressing room .	另外 , 我所有的团队都是勇敢的 , 类型的 , 可以在衣室里 。
we have to exclude certain causes , like suicide , in the case of life insurance .	我们必须排除某些原因 , 如自杀 , 在生命保险的情况下 , 就像自杀 。
i love tuktuks , the motoring equivalent of putting your head in a blender .	我喜欢土豆 , 等于把头放在混合物中 。
you can make water roll off guo's metals by tilting them less than five degrees .	你可以通过减少5摄氏度 , 把水卷掉郭的金属 。
maggie said , 'i know , but it's only a year and a half away from graduating .	麦琪说 , " 我知道 , 但只有一年一半远离毕业 。
even when seeking only a casual liaison , do not go out dressed like an unmade bed .	即使只要寻找一只残酷的狮子 , 也不要穿着像一个不制的床子 。
it arrived on plastic plates with the meat dropping off the bone by the handful .	它到达塑料板上 , 用肉滴下骨头 。
botos forage among flooded trees for fish , crabs , and turtles .	botosagefish、蟹类和龟类之间的洪水树 。
boilers not replaced by 2030 would need to be modified to meet the new regulations .	锅炉2030年不需要修改 , 以满足新规定 。
our lives will be filled with joy and hope and all the blessings god wants for us .	我们的生活将充满欢乐和希望 , 所有的祝福神都希望我们 。
last year we had 30 mayors from the chongqing area in my city of chattanooga .	去年 , 我们从重庆市的重庆市有30名市长 。
after all , it doesn’t matter what you have access to if you can’t read it .	毕竟 , 如果你不能阅读它 , 那就不管你有什么访问 。
they are selfconfident and have strong opinions on a variety of issues .	他们是自信的 , 并且对各种问题有着强烈的意见 。
designating who ihr contact points at the headquarters or the regional level ;	指定ihr联系点在总部或区域水平 ;
i think we're in for a longer trend of either malaise or just a down channel .	我觉得我们在一个更长的疟疾或只是一个下游渠道 。
but the effect is too unspecific and will rarely lead to clearance and seroconversion .	但效果太不具体 , 很少会导致清除和分泌转换 。
needless to say it's a welcome drenching but it still isn't all that much fun .	无需说这是一个欢迎的开车 , 但它仍然没有那么多的乐趣 。
highback booster seat designed to fit a growing child up to 120 lbs .	高反馈提升座位设计适合长达120个lbs的孩子 。
stone is a gogetter . he'll make an excellent student body president .	石头是一个目标 , 他会做出一个优秀的学生身体总裁 。
the cause of corrosion and elimination method of 188 stainless steel are discussed .	讨论了18888不锈钢的腐蚀和消除原因 。
she says she's considering reopening once the residents are allowed to move back .	她说 , 一旦居民被允许搬回来 , 她正在考虑重新开放 。
so dust off that old diary , or open up a word document , and try it .	所以把那个旧日记丢掉 , 或者打开一个单词文档 , 然后尝试它 。
proper kgm concentration can keep sphere shape and meet constant release rate .	适当的kgm浓度可以保持球形 , 满足常量释放率 。
this is a story about michael berrian , a homeless man from newark , new jersey .	这是关于迈克尔贝里亚的故事 , 来自新泽西纽卡的一个无家的男人 。
and i will feed the flock of slaughter , even you , o poor of the flock .	我要喂那块奴隶 , 即使你们 , 也不能吃到那块地板的贫穷 。
download the ps3 otheros installer from sony and save it as otheros . self .	下载ps3其他os安装器从sony下载 , 并将它作为其他os 。
a scan of 4337 other cases and 2077 controls yielded the same result .	扫描437其他病例和2077年控制产生相同的结果 。
for instance , if your boss is late for your meeting , then you have more time to prepare .	例如 , 如果你的老板迟到会议 , 那么你有更多的时间来准备 。
the " she " serial works show the living condition of chinese women of different backgrounds .	" 她 " 系列作品展示了中国女性不同背景的生活状况 。
it mounts just behind your shower head , so you won’t even notice it’s there .	它只是在你的淋浴头后面 , 所以你甚至不会注意到它是在那里 。
if i could choose between his life and bill gate's life , it's a nobrainer .	如果我可以选择自己的生活和比尔盖特的生活 , 那么它是一个诺贝尔大脑 。
cable has good earthing and bending performance and high electric insulating performance .	电缆具有良好的地球性能和弯曲性能和高电绝缘性能 。
paradoxically , the principle of voluntary join caused a low attendance of farmers .	矛盾的是 , 志愿加入的原则导致农民的关注较低 。
the cross location is the uppermost location mode for the shipborne microwave oth radar .	交叉位置是船舶微波雷达最高的位置方式 。
this indicates the general historical trend and this is what the people aspire , which nobody can defy .	这表明了一般的历史趋势 , 这就是人们渴望的东西 , 没有人能防御 。
i managed to persuade quite a few people to see me , and i must keep the appointments .	我经常说服几个人看见我 , 我必须保持任命 。
the control of hydrogen sulfide using biological fixedfilm filter is an economical and effective method .	利用生物固定膜滤波器控制氢化硫是一种经济有效的方法 。
different strides of different personalities captured in fullbody shots while strolling in orchard road .	不同的个性不同 , 不同的角度都在全身拍摄 , 而在奥尔查德路上散步 。
for the employees and between enterprises , the enterprises should be the staff after the first win win .	对于企业和企业之间的员工来说 , 企业应该是第一赢得的员工 。
then cics eci connection factory then supplies the connection properties for the cics server .	然后cicseci连接工厂为cics服务器提供连接性能 。
bladesystem presents a hierarchical and interrelated infrastructure to the management console .	bladesystem为管理台提供了层次和相关的基础设施 。
qin territory for the late warring states , qin unified china after a county in the north .	秦统一中国在北方一县以后 , 秦统一了中国 。
virtualization gives cloud administrators the ability to handle more requests with fewer systems .	虚拟化给云管理员提供了更少的系统处理更多的请求 。
the answer has got to be this is what the objection says the answer has got to be , obviously not .	答案已经得到了 , 这就是对象说 , 答案已经得到了 , 显然没有 。
methods the ink print of fingerprint and palmar patterns were obtained with informed consent .	方法采用信息共识获得手指印刷和手指模式的印刷 。
the flooding reignites one of the key debates over the construction of the three gorges dam .	洪水主权对三峡坝建设的关键辩论之一 。
while ea quarter of adults would prefer to live into their 90s somewhat longer than expected .	虽然成年人的四分之一会比预期的时间要长得多 。
for this reason , we continue to remain bearish on indian equities over the intermediateterm trend .	因此 , 我们继续在中期趋势下继续承担印度股票 。
distance two labeling ( or l—labeling ) is motivated by the channel assignment problem .	距离两个标记 " 或l-labeing " 是由通道分配问题引起的 。
bamboo fibre after thorough degreasing , take off sugar , to take off the protein processing .	竹纤维在进一步增加后 , 取消糖 , 去脱离蛋白处理 。
sequence analysis showed that it contained the basic characteristic of primary structure of promoter .	序列分析表明 , 它包含了推进器的主要结构的基本特点 。
the synthesis of carbon nanotubes was conducted in a quartz tube furnace .	在石英管炉中进行了碳纳米管的合成 。
amethyst assists in learning the frequencies necessary for the transcendence of karma .	甲基酯协助学习卡马超越频率的频率 。
methods the model of alcoholic hepatic disorder was established by feeding alcohol liquor .	方法采用饲料酒精液建立酒精肝障碍模型 。
it assures us a promising season of summer and also the most iportant havvest seasonautum .	它确保我们在夏季的承诺季节 , 也是最重要的季节 。
the chlorination equilibrium of cupric oxide has been investigated using the circulation method .	采用循环法研究了氧化铜的氯化平衡性 。
honeypot skill is one of the active defense network security techniques .	蜂蜜pot技巧是一种活跃的防御网络安全技术 。
extensible authentication protocol can support a lot of authentication mechanisms .	可扩展的验证协议可以支持许多验证机制 。
they abused their power and bullied the people , thus arousing intense discontent among the masses .	他们滥用了他们的力量 , 使人民受到了强烈的反对 , 因此在群众中引起了强烈的反对 。
however , other file types , from psds to rtfs , are accepted and up and downloadable .	然而 , 其他文件类型从psds到rtfs , 被接受并且可下载 。
qian xuesen is one of the greatest scientists who have made great contributions to the science cause .	钱雪森是科学造成巨大贡献的最伟大的科学家之一 。
when ed finds out , sam agrees to help the fbi capture several key members of the cartel .	当爱德发现时 , 萨姆同意帮助fbi捕捉几个关键成员卡特尔 。
he was shocked to find his 20yearold daughter wearing them after she returned home from studying in the us .	他被震惊地找到了20岁的女儿在她回家学习后穿着她的女儿 。
lin came back to china in 1925 to work as principal of the beiping state vocational art school .	林于1925年回到中国 , 作为北京国家职业艺术学校的主要工作 。
resultsthe patients were followed up for 312 months . all cases obtained satisfactory results .	结果312个月患者随访 , 所有患者满意结果 。
then leaning over , paderewski reached down with his left hand and began filling in a bass part .	然后 , 帕德rewski和左手接下来 , 开始填满基本部分 。
the former operator appends to the existing file , and the latter overwrites existing content .	前面操作符适用于现有文件 , 后者重写了现有内容 。
it can be obtained that quantity of the martensitic transformation reduces with the increase of these factors .	结果表明 , 马氏体转化数量随着这些因素的增加而降低 。
then the king called in one hundred and eighty maids of honor and ordered sun wu to train them .	然后 , 王在一百八个女子荣誉和命令孙武训练他们 。
fuk golden words below to apply the same process for " fu as the east china sea water " font .	福克金字下面应用 " 福岛东海水 " 字 。
rosenberg told the brothers only that the target was a man who had been extorting and threatening him .	罗森伯格告诉弟弟 , 只有那个目标是一个人 , 他一直在争夺和威胁他 。
afternoon: the queen hosts an official wedding lunch for 650 guests at the palace .	下午:女王主持了一个正式的婚礼午餐 , 在宫殿上650名客人 。
the real right means one right that the country and others shouldn't and have no capability to invade optionally .	真正的正的意思是 , 国家和其他人不应该有能力来选择侵犯 。
upon installation , brea will be the largest municipal user of solar power in orange county .	在安装之后 , brea将是橙色县最大的太阳能用户 。
as of tuesday , the volcano in iceland was still erupting , though the cloud was lower .	星期二 , 冰岛火山仍在爆发 , 虽然云下降 。
helps to even out my skin tone , and hydrates the skin as i have very dry skin .	甚至帮助我脱掉皮肤 , 水化皮肤 , 因为我很干燥的皮肤 。
convective clouds had come to an end only when the road is sadly maek maek red dust storms .	交流云只有在道路悲伤的麦克红尘暴雨时才来到一端 。
sooner or later , the wave will come along and knock down what we have worked so hard to build up .	早或晚些时候 , 波浪会沿着 , 打击我们所工作的那么艰难的建筑 。
a noble professional virtue is in accord with the fundamental interests of the party and the people .	根据党的基本利益和人民的基本利益来说 , 贵族专业美德是根据党和民族的 。
they could also encourage their employees to donate their time to a local entrepreneurs’ club .	他们也可以鼓励他们的员工捐给当地企业家俱乐部的时间 。
it means that the teams we are matching you against have average mmrs well under 1500 .	这意味着我们正在与你相匹配的队伍平均在1500岁以下 。
street photographer four wonderful marketing ideas , marketing way to force invincible !	街道摄影师四位美妙的营销理念 , 营销方式力量不可调 !
expert comment: this little filly will be the star in the short , symmetrical shape .	专家评论:这小片小片将是恒星在短期的对称形状 。
the two women leaned upon the wroughtiron window rail in the shadow of the curtains .	两个女人在窗帘的阴影中留下了铁窗铁路 。
indoctrination in education is the one of patterns of the great influence of education in west .	教育产业是西方教育的重要模式之一 。
lewis . a mars rampant with life . a watercovered venus populated with floating , living islands .	刘易斯 。 一个火星随着生命的冲击 , 一个水资源的金星人口浮动 , 生活岛 。
and likewise also james and john , the sons of zebedee , who were partners with simon .	同样也有詹姆斯和约翰 , 泽比迪的儿子 , 和西蒙一起 。
kwan insisted on into the pioneer battalion , along with ellen pau kill children .	kwan坚持进入先锋战斗 , 随着ellenpau杀死孩子 。
he's getting barraged with new scripts every month from filmmakers across asia .	他每个月从亚洲各地电影制作商的新脚本都会受到破坏 。
they carried banners advocating religious freedom and sang “we shall overcome . ”	他们携带禁止者推荐宗教自由和歌唱 " 我们应该克服 " 。
was he simply obeying a sort of instinctive impulse which was obscure even to himself ?	他是否只是肥胖了一系列的本能冲动 , 甚至是对自己来说是不可思议的 ?
the piezoelectricity as the function material is extensive applied in automobile .	压电作为功能材料广泛应用于汽车 。
dobby is a free elf , and dobby has come to save harry potter and his friends !	多比是自由的 , 多比来拯救哈利波特和他的朋友 !
if encounter without , although fine but can be trapped large prey , tenacity and clinking .	如果遇到不到 , 虽然细腻但可以陷入大量的猎物 , 张力和闭合 。
we strolled through the old town and watched a very old house being demolished .	我们穿过旧镇 , 看着一个很老的房子被拆毁了 。
the first thing you see when you walk in the door . our little friends are from anthropologie .	你第一次看到你在门前走的时候 , 我们的小朋友来自人类学 。
and while some flareups need immediate attention , your involvement isn't always required .	虽然有些空白需要立即注意 , 但是你的参与并不总是需要 。
price risk arises in nontrading portfolios , as well as in trading portfolios .	价格风险在非交易组合中出现 , 以及交易组合 。
this kind of instrument has many features , such as high s/n , good equability and nondeliquescence .	这种仪器具有很多特点 , 如高s/n、良好的平等性和非水平性 。
this leads then to the account of the birth of moses , and his exposure to the nile river .	这就导致了摩西诞生的帐户 , 他对尼尔河的暴露 。
he hasnot claimed libya had weapons of mass destruction to be used against us .	他没有声称利比亚有武器的破坏武器来反对我们 。
subsequent investigations by japanese authorities confirmed the teacher had been taguchi .	随后 , 日本当局的调查证实 , 老师已经被淘汰了 。
you need a better productivity approach so you can collaborate with others on a common project .	你需要更好的生产力方法 , 因此您可以与其他的共同项目合作 。
the content is available for reuse in your new and existing solution information center projects .	内容可以在您新的和现有的解决方案中心项目中重用 。
if you must have whale , cetacean biltong is more palatable than the fresh stuff .	如果你必须有鲸 , cetacetaceanbiltong比新鲜的东西更容易 。
right click control the knuckle angle , left click control the slewing and topping angle .	右键单击knuck角 , 左右点击控制slewing和顶角 。
yanzi went to the palace in a broken carriage pulled by thin and weak horses .	燕子走到宫殿里 , 被薄而弱的马拉着 。
to promote local food culture , mining native dishes lay a good foundation for the essence .	为促进当地食品文化 , 矿产菜为本土菜奠定了良好的基础 。
the statistical breakdown property of a vacuum contact has been studied experimentally .	实验研究了真空接触的统计断裂性能 。
database resources can be accessed using both jdbc and recordlevel access .	可以使用jdbc和记录级访问访问数据库资源 。
the background , objective , challenge , and main efforts toward the research of hpcs are presented here .	介绍了hpcs的背景、目标、挑战和主要努力 。
we does the servant girl in the yard listen to your still listen to qiao jean ?	我们在院里的仆人女孩听你仍然听到乔玉安 ?
and also if some of are familiar with buddha's twelve deeds , buddha's life story .	还有如果有些人熟悉佛的十二个死亡 , 佛陀的生活故事 。
now here's the good news we've discovered that your other leg doesn't need to be removed after all .	现在 , 这里是我们发现的好消息 , 你的其他腿不需要在所有之后删除 。
objective to investigate the value of ct diagnosing intraluminal masses of small intestine .	目的探讨小肠内肿瘤ct诊断的价值 。
the doctrine of umberrimae fidei is a basic principle of marine insurance law .	数字保险理论是海军保险法的基本原则 。
frederick lam , executive director of the hong kong trade development council , hong kong .	fredericklam , 香港贸易开发委员会执行董事 。
this , it appears , is the legacy i have received and have now bequeathed to my own child .	这看起来 , 是我收到的遗产 , 现在已经被送到了自己的孩子 。
the distant galaxy was detected using a phenomenon called gravitational lensing .	利用称为重力透镜的现象检测了遥远的星系 。
in this review , the study history and the definition of starburst galaxies are introduced first .	本文首先介绍了星球星系的研究历史和定义 。
this paper discusses how to do novelty searches on line for a phd dissertation proposal .	本文讨论了如何在phd论文提出的线上寻找新颖的方法 。
they also say they like the design flexibility they get by eliminating the spaceconsuming spare tyre .	他们还说他们喜欢通过消除空间消耗空间轮胎的设计灵活性 。
one of globalization's key features is the ability to handle multiple languages .	全球化的关键特点之一是处理多种语言的能力 。
you harshly scold your daughter for knocking the cup over . she breaks down in tears .	你很高兴把你的女儿打开杯子 , 她在泪水中断了下来 。
editor's note: the original version of this story misstated dr . markel's name .	编辑的注意:这个故事的原始版本错过马克尔博士的名字 。
wooden materials in various tones and factures are used as the predominant materials in the design .	木材在各种内容和事实上被用作设计中主要的材料 。
the money collected was used to build a statue of zeus at the entrance to the stadium .	用来收集的钱被用来建立一个在进入体育场的宙斯雕像 。
he turns and scolds a group of local fighters lounging at a nearby roadblock .	他转过来 , 把一群当地战斗机放在附近的路段 。
his roommate’s bed was tightly close to the window , while he could only lie in bed all day long .	他的房间床紧紧靠在窗户上 , 虽然他只能躺在床上 。
the paper describes the development and tests of model cjk 200 automatic suction and discharge changer .	本文介绍了cjk200自动吸附和放电变换器的开发和测试 。
a lot of people also sit outdoors , enjoying the cool , breezy nighttime air .	很多人也坐在室外 , 享受凉爽的夜气 。
the curious feature of superstrings , however , is that they can only vibrate in 10 dimensions .	然而 , 超字符串的奇怪特性是 , 他们只能在10维内振动 。
i'm always confused when people rave about how much they " save " at warehouse club stores .	当人们在仓库俱乐部的 " 拯救 " 的时候 , 我总是很混淆 。
bill coore graduated from wake forest university in 1968 and began working for pete dye .	比尔科尔于1968年毕业于华克森林大学 , 开始为pete染色工作 。
john menard and paul menard , father and son of menard's hardware superstores .	约翰·梅纳德和保罗·梅纳德 , 孟加德的硬件超级器的父亲和儿子 。
the multistaged castle sieges and character progression are two of my favourite new additions .	我最喜欢的新添加剂是多年级的城堡筛选和字符进展 。
we started off with a cocktail at the hotel bar , the libertine and it knocked my socks off .	我们在酒店酒吧里开始了一个鸡尾酒 , 自由车和它打开了我的袜子 。
western europe's 10% jobless rate is expected to hit 12% by mid1995 .	西欧10%的无职率预计在1995年中期打12% 。
all of the following criteria must be met in order to have what is considered to be a durable model	下面的所有标准都必须满足以下 , 以便有所考虑的是可持久的模型 。
and god will only prosper our study if we continually exercise ourselves to live by what we learn .	如果我们继续锻炼自己生活在我们学习的话 , 上帝就会增加我们的研究 。
since 1984 , hiv infection in hong kong report has been accumulated to 4047 people .	自1984年以来 , 香港艾滋病毒感染已积累到4047人 。
and that research found individual brain cells that would respond to one accent — but not another .	这项研究发现 , 单个脑细胞会反应一个声音 , 但不再是另一个 。
proverbs 19: 29 penalties are prepared for mockers , and beatings for the backs of fools .	证明了19:29个企鹅准备为模具制备 , 并且打击了愚蠢的背部 。
subsequently , directsequence and hybrid dsth were proposed to facilitate irma .	随后 , 提出了直接序列和混合dsth来促进irma 。
the nobel committee described the three physicists as " masters of light " .	诺贝尔委员会将这三名物理学家描述为 " 光 " 。
of course aside from those characters , alphanumerics are allowed and don't need to be encoded .	当然 , 除了这些字符外 , 字母则允许并不需要编码 。
and if you start feeling frisky , and you have eight of ten seconds before work , you know where to find me .	如果你开始感觉冰川 , 你在工作前有八秒的时间 , 你知道哪里找到我 。
but we all know , in fact , every time timer is less than 50ms in the mind is under the precision is very poor .	但事实上 , 我们都知道 , 每次时间都不到50毫米 , 精度很差 。
the serum of immunized rabbits could suppress the hemolytic activity of tdh .	免疫兔血清可以抑制tdh的血液活性 。
we have a very tightknit , super group of lads and i'm sure he'll enjoy his time here .	我们有一个非常紧密的 , 超级的女孩 , 我确定他在这里享受了他的时间 。
sensors are also used on the starting platforms to monitor false starts and correct relay changeovers .	传感器还在启动平台上使用 , 以监测虚拟起始和正确的继电变化 。
heat a pan and a little olive oil , add the langoustine rolls and gently brown .	加热锅和少量橄榄油 , 加入喉咙卷 , 轻轻棕色 。
atb is widely used abroad , but seldom used at home . the study on atb has just started in our country .	ab广泛应用于国外 , 但很少在国内使用 。 关于atb的研究只是在我国开始 。
so they jazzed up the story with all of that " huff and puff and blow your house down " .	因此 , 他们用那个 " 丈夫和推动你的房子 " 的故事 , 把你的房子吹下来 。
ibm has more than 50 different programmes promoting worklife balance and bank of america over 30 .	ibm有超过50个不同的程序促进美国的工作平衡和银行 。
but there may be problems along the way , as the us and the traditional european powerbrokers have to give way .	但是 , 正如美国和传统的欧洲电力代理商一样 , 可能会存在问题 , 就像美国和传统的欧洲电力代理商一样 。
brio reserves the right to modify this terms and conditions without any prior notice .	英国保留权利修改这个术语和条件 , 没有任何先前通知 。
he heard the creak of greyback's boots as he crouched down in front of hermione .	他听到了灰色背景的破裂 , 就像他在赫敏的前面一样 , 他听到了他的靴子 。
musing , pondering , a breath , a briny tear , a dab of liquid or soil .	音乐 , 潮湿 , 呼吸 , 新鲜的泪水 , 液体或土壤 。
the contributing plugin fulfills this contract by defining specific values through xml .	通过通过xml定义特定值来实现该合同 。
the government understood this as well as the parties ; the most insignificant bourgeois felt it .	政府理解这一点和党 ; 最重要的资产阶级感觉到它 。
among them , isochromosome imay be a characteristic of adenocarcinomas of the lung .	其中 , 异染色体模拟是肺的腺癌特征 。
you may opt for stones all of the same color , or add one or two offcolor stones for some punch .	你可以选择石头所有相同的颜色 , 或者添加一个或两个色彩的石头 。
sure , i'd campaigned all over the country , for my husband and for other candidates .	当然 , 我将在全国各地竞选 , 为我的丈夫和其他候选人 。
the protocols and standards for anycast are under the discussion , but have not reached a consensus .	任何预测的协议和标准都在讨论下 , 但没有达成共识 。
i would be interested to hear more — what values should we prioritize in assessing censorship ?	我会感兴趣听到更多的是 , 我们应该在评估审审查中优先的价值 ?
and this party has a better than even chance of retaking at least one house of congress this november .	这个党比今111月至少一家国会的一个房子更好 。
for lan/wan connections , lower settings of audio frames per packet are recommended .	对于lan/wan连接 , 推荐每包的音频框架下设置 。
the test results indicated that there were markedly effects of space flight , cultivar and storage time .	试验结果表明:空间飞行、文化和存储时间显著影响 。
these files , as we might call them , are both sweepingly inclusive and penetratingly minute .	这些文件 , 就像我们所说的那样 , 都是汗水的包含和透明的分钟 。
what sets the onion apart , however , is that mr obama has not blunted its barbs at all .	然而 , 奥巴马先生还没有把洋葱放在一起 。
all this is what it takes to do transactional business messaging , and this is what amqp delivers .	所有这些都是要做的事务通讯 , 这就是amqp交付的 。
the blood and sweat of the intersection , mud and fire passion , in a dripping color on .	交叉、泥火和火灾激情的血液和汗水 , 在滴滴的颜色上 。
in 2010 , of spandex industry boom will continue to rise , union holdings will benefit .	2010年 , 跨国工业繁荣将继续上升 , 联合国持有利于 。
the optimized rtl is then fed to the code generator , which produces target code .	然后 , 优化rtl将美联储到代码生成器中 , 它产生目标代码 。
troy dumais , an american olympian , finished third at 484 . 25 points .	特里·杜马尼斯 , 美国奥运会 , 第三次在484.25点完成 。
but in the case of weaver ants in africa , this description may be more than just a metaphor .	但是在非洲 , 这个描述可能比喻更多 。
you can head for the outer remote islands in bahamas if you are looking for seclusion and romance .	如果你正在寻找独立和浪漫 , 你可以在巴哈马的外部远程岛屿 。
the risk detection rate in the middleaged group and the old group was higher than the young group .	中年组和老组的风险检测率高于年轻组 。
the story in the advertisement in china is neither mild nor smooth , but has some false .	在中国广告中 , 故事并不冷 , 而且有一些错误 。
whose is that ? ah , zuhair murad . it was the very first choice . i saw it on the rack .	那是谁呢 ? 啊 , 朱毛·穆拉德 , 这是第一个选择 。 我看到它在赛车上 。
all he can say is , this is his shirt . he holds out an arm so she can see the gaping sleeve .	他说的是 , 这是他的衬衫 , 他拿出手臂 , 所以她可以看到那个隔离套 。
" ) i never felt winded , but still got that great " workout sore feeling " the next day .	" 我从来没有感觉到风 , 但仍然得到那么伟大的 " 劳动力 " 下一天的感觉 。
then he lay awake at night thinking of all the charming gallantries he might have employed ;	然后他在夜间醒来思考他可能雇佣的所有魅力的花园 。
with a little tweaking , and some helpful tips , swype can be better than what you're using .	随着一些弱点 , 一些有帮助的提示 , 瑞典可以比你使用的更好 。
my journey from las vegas to iowa , at the time when i was young , childish and naive...	我从拉斯维加斯到爱荷华的旅程 , 当时我年轻时 , 孩子和海军...
i wish they called me that because it shows he has had success with the players he's brought in .	我希望他们叫我 , 因为它显示他和他带来的球员成功 。
one day , the heavens would part and a perfect , precious cherub would descend on a sunbeam .	有一天 , 天堂会部分和一个完美的 , 珍贵的樱桃会在阳光下降 。
it's called a blueprint , a blueprint for reform of our financial regulation .	它被称为蓝印 , 是我们的金融调节改革的蓝印刷 。
i have a truant here . " said constable johnny . " drive him straight to school . "	约翰尼说: " 我在这里有一个真正的 。 "
the battle lines of the new world order were exposed at the world trade organization this week .	这个星期 , 新世界秩序的战线在世界贸易组织暴露 。
the nabe forecast appears to be in line with other u . s . economic signals .	纳贝预测似乎与其它美国经济信号相同 。
this article presents a model that can calculate milling forces in complex surface machining .	本文介绍了一种可计算复杂表面加工中磨削力的模型 。
the part of 3th discusses the role of the theory of comparative advantage for chinese foreign trade .	第三部分讨论了中国外贸相对优势理论的角色 。
all men's miseries derive from not being able to sit quietly in a room alone .	所有男性的错误都不能孤独坐在房间里 。
fishing is my favourite sport . i often fish for hours without catching anything .	钓鱼是我最喜欢的运动 , 我经常钓鱼几个小时 , 没有捕捉任何东西 。
while kian had the luxury of retreating westwards , he remained committed to his iran .	虽然康有回归西方的奢侈 , 但他仍然承诺他伊朗 。
warlords built private gardens in chinese and west styles with literatus' help .	战争人士在中国和西方风格建立私人园林 。
but the 32inch model we'd like to buy was temporarily out of stock . we had to wait .	但是 , 我们想买的32英寸的模式是暂时出现股票 。 我们必须等待 。
located in the west of the planned area , adjacent to the tourism zone and the downtown area .	位于计划区西部 , 邻近旅游区和城市区 。
write a docstring that explains everything someone would need to know in order to use this function .	写一篇文章 , 解释一切有人需要知道 , 以便使用这个函数 。
and then people choose subconsciously , not consciously to ignore the research and go with her heart .	然后 , 人们在意识上选择潜意识上 , 不意识上忽视研究并与她的心脏去 。
when rafik gindy graduated from high school , he knew he wanted to become an engineer .	当拉菲金迪毕业于高中时 , 他知道他想成为工程师 。
today i'll drill a little hole in the tooth for pusdrainage to stop the pain .	今天我将在牙齿里钻一个小洞 , 以阻止疼痛 。
that's setting emotion , efficient process , and the adams have to be selfdiscinplined .	这正在设置情感、有效的过程 , 以及adams必须自我插入 。
when winter came , the grasshopper had nothing , but the ant complained of chest pains .	当冬天来临时 , 草坪上没有什么东西 , 可是蚂蚁抱怨胸部疼痛 。
if this emotional style applies to you , realize that lowering your standards will be a relief .	如果这种情感风格适用于你 , 那么意识到降低你的标准将会是一个缓解 。
our schoolwide academic contest will be held this saturday , 12/11/04 .	我们的学校学术竞赛将于本周六举行 , 12/1/04 。
we want peace , freedom and a stable environment for development , ” the ralliers chanted .	我们希望和平、自由和发展稳定的环境 , " 拉利斯说 。
mather gave his flock no fewer than four such dates , beginning with the year 1697 .	数学的数学给了他的那四个日期 , 开始了一年的1697年 。
government could contribute to the growth of economy , and it could holdback it meanwhile .	政府可以为经济增长提供贡献 , 同时也可以阻止它 。
they think that there's some freudian answer to solvingthese problems , " said the asa's kline .	他们认为有一些自由的解决问题 , " 亚洲的k线说 。
''our research shows one potential reason why swearing developed and why it persists .	" 我们的研究表明 , 为什么开发发出了一个潜在的原因 , 为什么它持续 。 "
energyintensive industrial cluster ; circular economy ; coordinated development ;	能源集群 ; 循环经济 ; 协调发展 ;
cao xiu donned his armor and rode into the city with 1 , 000 men to stop the enemy .	曹秀为了阻止敌人 , 把他的装甲和骑行到城里 , 用10000名男人来停止敌人 。
this is the first time that stamps portraying chinese zodiac animals have been issued globally .	这是第一次在全球发布的中国zodiac动物的邮票 。
the children use water wings to keep themselves up in the water while they are learning to swim .	孩子们用水翅膀保持自己在水里 , 学会游泳 。
to pave and break concrete foundation installing engineering to break other hard things .	为了保护和破坏混凝土基础安装工程来破坏其他硬件 。
allow the baby to touch the book , chew on it , and otherwise physically touch it .	允许婴儿触摸书 , 咀嚼它 , 否则物理上触摸它 。
save time dramatically reduce the time you spend making print and contact sheet projects .	节省时间大幅减少你花费的印刷和联系表项目的时间 。
the little girl was fascinated by all the fish swimming in the aquarium tanks .	小女孩被所有的鱼游泳在水库里面的水域游泳 。
the third board to sights on the next spin , the spin attack and put shortbased .	第三个董事会在下一次旋转、旋转攻击和基于短期的情况下看到 。
objective:in order to demonstrate the etiological diagnosis of acute retinal necrosis .	目的:探讨急性视网膜坏死的病理诊断 。
despondently , the husband replied: 'i missed a new job opportunity .	居然 , 丈夫回答说: " 我错过了一个新的工作机会 。
he uttered the word indifferently , and as though his mind were on something else .	他不明显地说了这句话 , 就像他的思想在其他的东西上 。
tutti executed a fabulous fake faint , swooning cartoonishly right to the floor .	特塔蒂执行了一场令人震惊的假冒 , 摇摇晃着地板的右翼 。
" an internal sense of righteousness dwindles into an external concern for reputation "	" 公义dwindles的内部感觉 , 成为一个外部关注的声誉 " 。
the people of the philipines have a great leader and must be proud of him . mr pres . duterte !	菲律宾人民有一个伟大的领导人 , 必须骄傲他 。 压力先生 !
worldwide , $162 billion was spent in new cleantech investments in 2009 alone .	2009年 , 世界范围内 , 花费了162亿美元的新清洁投资 。
anything “street” – funky clothes that are casual and sporty – works well .	任何东西都是 " 街道 " ----有趣的衣服-------------------------------------
it improves your dps , but the down side it , your images can't trigger any bashes .	它提高了你的dps , 但是下面的它 , 你的图片不能触发任何bash 。
the timeless colouring of the tanzanite crystal makes this piece ideal for everyday wear .	坦桑石晶体的无时间色彩使这一片理想的日常磨损 。
here , this is a more modern example with a little hash cafe next to it or something .	在这里 , 这是一个更加现代的例子 , 附近的hah咖啡还是一些东西 。
jesus was born that night , and he had to sleep in a manger6 because there was no bed for him .	耶稣出生在那个晚上 , 他必须睡在一个manger6 , 因为没有床给他 。
leather spirit with a mountain to explain , at the same time the old leather also orders .	皮革精神与山一起解释 , 同时老皮革也顺序 。
if you can force your heart and nerve and sinew to serve your turn long after they are gone .	如果你能迫使你的心脏和神经和神经 , 那么在他们离开之后就会长久 。
from the app developers: the astro file manager helps you get the most out of your android smart phone .	从应用程序开发人员:天文文文件管理器帮助您获得最多的android智能手机 。
the location is directly opposite shinagawa jr station , and so was easy to find .	这个位置直接相反的shinagawajr站 , 所以很容易找到 。
m . castells , the urban question: a marxist approach , london , 1977 ;	1977年 , 城市问题:马克思主义方法 , 伦敦 , 1977年 ;
after that i kept thinking about why would someone be so unmannered instead of thinking about my games .	在这之后 , 我仍然想到为什么有人会如此不合格地想到我的游戏 。
we turned out all the cupboards and drawers and found things we hadn't seen for years .	我们把所有的杯子和抽屉都转了出来 , 发现我们没有看过几年的东西 。
all the things i cherished , how can they influence the people who are lying on the streets ?	我珍惜的东西 , 他们怎么能影响那些躺在街上的人 ?
the nbs also announced the consumer price index for may was down 1 . 4 percent year on year .	nbs还宣布 , 五月份消费者价格指数下跌1.4% 。
the movement of the waves , of winds , of the earth is ever in the same lasting harmony .	波浪的运动 , 风 , 地球的运动是同一持久的和谐 。
as a working group , during the crisis , so as not to resign , notforwork , not to change jobs .	作为一个工作组 , 在危机期间 , 所以不辞职 , 不要改变工作 。
this paper summarizes the application of proteinase inhibitor in agriculture and clinic treatment .	综述了蛋白酶抑制剂在农业和临床治疗中的应用 。
they rehearse through diligent practice and preparation ; they remain disciplined and professional .	他们通过勤奋的实践和制备 , 他们仍然是学科和专业的 。
since then , however , superstrings have proved a lot more complex than anyone expected .	然而 , 从那以后 , 超弦比预期的任何人要复杂得多 。
push off on your back and come up right away ! you should be spinning your arms before you get to the flags .	把你的背部推下来 , 走上右边 ! 你应该在你进入国旗之前旋转你的胳膊 。
in addition , notetaking is more helpful in answering the general questions than the detailed ones .	另外 , 注意力更有助于回答一般的问题 , 比详细的问题 。
" it was a great save , " he added , of de gea's vital stop from robin van persie .	他补充道: " 这是一个很好的节省 , " 他在德格拉的重要停止了罗宾范佩西 。
the interbank bond market stock and trading volume accounted for about 90% of the total market .	银行债券市场股票和交易量占总市场的90%左右 。
bin laden’s vow in the 1990’s to bankrupt the us has been partly achieved .	本拉登在1990年代对破产的投票一直是一部分实现的 。
those giving other people of their patience and tolerance can win love and care as well as friendship of others .	那些给别人带来耐心和耐心的人 , 能够赢得爱和关心和其他人友谊 。
they think in the next 25to 30years , robots and humans will be able to talk .	他们认为在接下来的25-30年里 , 机器人和人类将能够谈论 。
financial scams are also a threat , with senior citizens often being targeted .	金融范围也是威胁 , 高级公民通常被目标 。
later in the week , the kenyans waltzed off with gold medal in the steeplechase .	上周后 , 肯尼亚人在斯蒂普莱购买黄金医疗 。
jesus raised his friend lazarus from the dead . lazarus had been dead for four days .	耶稣从死亡中提起了他的朋友拉撒罗斯 。 拉扎罗斯已经死了四天 。
there are many rays of innovation between lines in the reprot of the sixteenth congress .	十六届国会重申行线之间的创新有许多光线 。
q: did the myanmar government give china any indication that it was about to move on the kokang area ?	问:缅甸政府给中国任何指示 , 要在库塘地区移动吗 ?
third , learn english , study abroad , studies abroad , marry a foreigner .	第三 , 学习英语 , 国外学习 , 国外学习 , 结婚外国人 。
the bright meteor was spotted across the uk , leaving a vivid green trail .	光明的气象被发现在英国 , 离开了一个绿色的轨道 。
nuon chea , in his early 80s , is the group's senior surviving member .	在80年代早期 , nuonchea是集团的高级生存成员 。
we might tell him that what he really needs to do is just look deep within and be true to himself .	我们可能告诉他 , 他真正需要做的事情只是在自己内部看起来很深 , 真的是真正的 。
michael leechin crystal , royal ontario museum ; toronto , canada	英国皇家安大略博物馆michaelleechin晶体 ; 多伦多 , 加拿大 。
however , in 1555 , her spiritual pilgrimage took a more serious turn .	然而 , 15555年 , 她的精神刑事越来越严重 。
now we discussed her fear of death and doubts about – yet yearning for – an afterlife .	现在我们讨论了她对死亡的恐惧和怀疑 , 然而 , 还是为了年轻的生活 。
thirty minutes later , she presented simran with a cd of her first recorded song .	三十分钟后 , 她带着她第一个记录的歌曲的cd 。
so it was no wonder that strippy was so highstrung , lacking freedom and exercise .	所以 , 很难想到 , 严格的是那么高的 , 缺乏自由和运动 。
scenario 2: modeling cyclic behavior focuses on the modeling of iterative behaviors .	场景2:建模周期行为是关注迭代行为的建模 。
george romney , english portrait painter , died at kendal in cumbria .	乔治·罗姆尼 , 英国肖像画家 , 在克布里亚的昆特拉尔死亡 。
i mean , we're losing our people skills because of the wonderful technology is there .	我的意思是 , 我们正在失去人们的技能 , 因为这里的技术是在那里 。
as we continue to improve , though , our techniques should become more and more transparent .	然而 , 随着我们继续提高 , 我们的技术应该变得越来越透明 。
well , i got into bed again , and five minutes later there came a bang at the door .	好吧 , 我又进床了 , 五分钟后 , 门上有个爆炸 。
the sense of ownership of a poem: ask vast earth , who advocate ups and downs ?	诗的所有感觉:问大地 , 谁倡导上升和下降 ?
bradley was able to witness his parents' marriage at christmastime that year .	布拉德利今年能见证他的父母的婚姻 。
and the only difference between this and what's written conventionally is the way the constant is labeled .	与此之间的唯一差异 , 传统的写作是标记常数的方法 。
he had learned from earlier writers , like ring lardner and sherwood anderson .	他从早期的作家学习过 , 就像是戒指lardner和sherwood安德森 。
small instruments are inserted through the incisions to remove the tissue and adhesions .	小型仪器通过切口来消除组织和粘附 。
physical tests , health tests , all those kind of things , like screenings , you know .	物理测试 , 健康测试 , 各种各样的东西 , 比如筛选 , 你知道 。
q mr . president , tied in with the jobs situation i think is the education system .	问先生 , 我认为是教育体系 。
our club invites a great deal of famous martial names as coaches and consultants .	我们的俱乐部邀请了很多著名的武术名字 , 作为教练和顾问 。
pants with " juicy " written across the heinie . i'm gonna wear that ?	裤子和 " 朱丽 " 写在海尼 , 我穿着那件衣服吗 ?
the chapter ended all too quickly ; war , fear and politics divided us again .	第四章完全太快了 ; 战争、恐惧和政治又分裂了我们 。
it could have been corrupted because a virus was inside of it so it was making foreign proteins .	这可能是因为病毒在内部被腐败 , 所以它正在制作外部蛋白 。
the ointment of montmorillonite oxide fit the nation standard and is safety to human .	蒙山氧化物的臭氧适合国家标准 , 对人类是安全的 。
so i'm on the road a bit , and i hold meetings , sometimes at the client's place .	所以我正在路上 , 我举行会议 , 有时候在客户的地方 。
the author adds some new code to the basic kiva3v program and makes compilation of it .	作者将一些新的代码添加到基本kiva3v程序 , 并使其编译 。
if i owned only walking shoes , i wouldn’t be able to wear skirts or dresses .	如果我只是走鞋 , 我就不会穿裙子或裙子 。
he obtained , however , the recognition and approbation of the congregation of albi .	然而 , 他获得了阿尔比的认知和批准 。
discuss the effectiveness of sexual abstinence programs in the fight against stds .	讨论了对抗stds的性不稳定性程序的有效性 。
have you ever found that the corners of the square things always damage easily ?	你曾经发现 , 广场的角落总是很容易损坏 ?
i thought of the early polar explorers as i braced myself for the walk .	我以为这位早期极端探索家 , 就像我在走路上一样 , 我想到了自己 。
nu wa felt sorrowful at all these happenings and decided to repair the sky .	努华在这些事情上感到很抱歉 , 决定修理天空 。
concurrent chemoradio therapy might be the mainstream approach of cervical cancer .	并发化疗可能是宫颈癌的主要流行途径 。
family counselors remind parents not to take what a child says as the gospel truth .	家庭顾问提醒父母不要采取孩子说的话 , 就像福音真理 。
net . py displays the energy level of any given pattern or node array .	py显示了任何给定模式或节点阵列的能量水平 。
usually , switching to the midgrade or premiumgrade gasoline will remove the knock .	通常 , 交换到中级或高级汽油将消除打击 。
but in future chips , cores’ bandwidth requirements could fluctuate wildly .	但在未来的芯片中 , 芯片的带宽要求可能会大幅波动 。
in this project , we plan to design an audiovisual aid system based on the virtual acoustics .	在这个项目中 , 我们计划设计基于虚拟声学的音频辅助系统 。
rice , cotton and vegetable seeds are sometimes grown in special seedbeds .	大米、棉和蔬菜种子有时在特殊种子中生长 。
enjoying life takes time to appreciate the natural and cultural richness around us .	享受生活需要时间来欣赏我们周围的自然和文化丰富 。
wakeboarding festivals and competitions have been held in singapore and hong kong .	在新加坡和香港举行的醒板节和竞争活动 。
the mother of one of the girls , ronnda zezula , welcomed the apology .	一个女孩的母亲罗伦达·zezula , 欢迎道歉 。
the polish writer sought out gran , then in her late 80s , in paris in 2003 .	波兰作家在2003年末80年代 , 然后在巴黎 。
seventeen bike , with the wind , you wore she walked through the life of flowering splendid .	十七辆车 , 随着风 , 你穿着她穿过花花的生活 。
where mr kirchner seemed to relish confrontation , she ran as a consensusbuilder .	克尔切纳先生似乎在哪里看起来是新鲜的面对 , 她就像一个共识的建筑师一样跑 。
dioxins are highly poisonous to the cells of our bodies . don't freeze your .	二氧素高度有毒于我们的身体的细胞 。 不要冻结你的 。
but i need to deal with such issues in person . my source will not be based on this grapevine manner .	但是我需要处理这样的问题 , 我的来源不会根据这个葡萄牙的方式来源 。
" well , " said the child , " she went into the church with one man and came out with another ! "	" 好吧 , " 孩子说 , " 她和一个男人一起去教堂 , 又来了 ! "
i can't do anything in america . i just don't want to have any stories written about me .	我不能在美国做任何事情 , 我只是不想有任何故事写给我 。
here , in three installments , are overthetransom reports from people who have written in from china .	在这里 , 在三个安装中 , 是来自中国写作的人过度的报告 。
in the case presented in this article , the documentliteral with unwrapped style is a fit .	在本文提出的案例中 , 文档文档文档文档文档文档文档是一种适合的 。
the swans rose again , hovered in a circle , awaiting the results of their labors .	天鹅再次上升 , 站在一圈 , 等待他们的劳动结果 。
i wrote this one in the middle of recording and it really all happened by accident !	我在记录中写了这篇文章 , 真的是事故发生了 !
kneed me in the chest and pounded my lower belly with their fists until i passed out .	把我跪在胸部 , 把我的下肚子和他们的拳头 , 直到我走出去 。
the same is true of major quest mobs – they all appear in instanced areas of the world .	同样的是 , 他们都出现了世界上所有的实例区域 。
mottaki said washington needs to " change its behavior " if it wants new relations with iran .	莫塔卡尼说 , 如果它想要与伊朗关系 , 华盛顿需要 " 改变其行为 " 。
you could simply set width to 200 and height to 45 , and then accept the consequences .	你只能把宽度设置为200 , 高达45 , 然后接受后果 。
this is a table that can be used for working , entertaining and , well , just generally swooning over .	这是一个可以用于工作、娱乐和娱乐的桌子 , 只是通常在翻转 。
so when i move the circle it will act as a real axe . this image makes it more clear .	所以当我移动循环时 , 它会像真正的轴一样行动 。 这张图像使它更清晰 。
anticatholicism is very much strongly entrenched in the british sense of who they were .	反权主义在英国的意义上非常强烈地进入了 。
astronomers have unveiled the most complete 3d map of the local universe ever created .	天文学家已经揭示了当地宇宙最完整的3d地图 。
for any enquiries , please contact us at 2406 8050 or visit our website .	对于任何查询 , 请在24068050或访问我们的网站联系我们 。
it may not be as glitzy as the past one but could be better for average working men and woman .	这可能不像过去一个人一样闪烁 , 但对于平均工作男人和女人来说 , 平均工作更好 。
outbreaks in numerous other african countries are currently under investigation .	目前 , 许多非洲国家的爆发正在调查 。
by 1920 , the rules mandating three hits per side and backrow attacks were instituted .	到1920年 , 制定了每个侧面和后行攻击的规则 。
you can only be blest and have peace and sweet rest , as you yield him your body and soul .	你只能在你们的身体和灵魂的时候 , 才能有和平和的休息 。
in this paper , a decomposability theorem is presented and proved by differentiable manifolds theories .	本文提出了一种可分解的可分解定理 , 并证明了可分解的表现理论 。
they toured the forbidden city , where the chinese emperors had once lived in lofty splendor .	他们旅游禁令城市 , 中国皇帝曾经生活在那里 。
many people on kauai believe that this is lemuria – a lost island in the atlantic .	许多人相信这是雷米利亚----在大西洋失去的岛屿 。
results: no toxicities , teratogenicity and mutagenicity were founded during the tests in above .	结果:在上述试验中建立了无毒性、地源性和突变性 。
instead of taking days to complete , the simulated process can run in mere seconds .	相反 , 要完成几天 , 模拟过程可以在仅二秒内运行 。
performance isn't linked to pay pay is really determined by market forces and budget .	表现并不连接付款 , 实际上是由市场力量和预算决定的 。
" i want to keep going . at least for another decade or two , " he said with a smile .	他笑着说: " 我想继续走 。 至少有十年或两年 。 "
squatting by one of the walls , i took a little book from my knapsack .	墙上一边 , 我从knapsack上拿了一本小本书 。
abbr . wa , wash . a state of the northwest united states on the pacific ocean .	华盛 , 北美西北部的一个国家在太平洋 。
rappaccini looked surprised . " what do you mean , my daughter ? " he asked .	拉帕奇尼看起来很惊讶 , " 你是什么意思 , 我的女儿 ? " 他问 。
however , these i don't care , only to find the drinks here no sands tastiness just .	然而 , 这些我不关心 , 只要在这里找不到喝沙的味道 。
bonera has a problem to the adductor and we hope to recover him and seedorf for next week .	骨架对增加剂有一个问题 , 我们希望在下周恢复他和种子 。
if you smell me , smell the smell of thick come really makes people want to eat one .	如果你闻到我 , 闻到厚的味道真的让人们想吃一顿 。
when you are finished testing your new action , close the editor for helloapp . pli .	当你正在完成测试你的新操作时 , 关闭helloapp.pli的编辑器 。
art requires you to spend some time with it , to contemplate and think , leave and return .	艺术要求你花一些时间和它一起花费 , 来思考和思考 , 叶子和返回 。
the nonlinear kinetic characters of landslip action are complex , exoteric and dissipated .	滑坡的非线性动力学特征是复杂、外部和消散的 。
book value per share was $5 . 33 , up from $5 . 28 in the prior quarter .	每股每股价值为5.3美元 , 上涨5.28美元 。
what are the real barriers to effective implementation and how have some organizations been able to overcome these ?	真正的障碍是有效的实施和组织如何克服这些呢 ?
effects of broccoli with 1 mcp treatment and ma package during storage were studied .	研究了1毫克p处理和填料在存储过程中的作用 。
jim can't move the mouth of his mask . he doesn't have enough muscle in his lips .	吉姆不能移动他的面罩的嘴巴 , 他没有足够的肌肉 。
in the front of the shaoxing work received the letter , sister szabics with myriad heart .	在绍兴工作的前面 , 收到信信 , 姐妹用我的心脏 。
now , it turns out that that assumption , standardly built into the usual label , may be false .	现在 , 这个假设 , 标准建立成通常标签 , 可能是错误的 。
based on this , g5 dynamic system measuring online of membrane thickness has been designed successfully .	在此基础上 , 设计了g5在线测量膜厚度的g5动态系统 。
the project also sought to store the information so that it would be available for research and medical purposes .	这个项目还试图存储信息 , 以便它可以用于研究和医学目的 。
this paper putted forward countermeasure and suggestion through comparing domestic and foreign real estate finance .	本文通过对国内外房地产金融比较 , 提出了对策和建议 。
in this paper , the work is concerned with a class of fuzzy retarded integrodifferential equations .	本文讨论了一类模糊回归的综合差分方程 。
floodwaters are still rising after this week's heavy downpours across parts of ohio .	本周 , 洪水仍在上升 , 俄亥俄州的重量下降 。
this is that little extracritical voice in our heads , externalized and projected onto others ;	这就是我们的头部 , 外部化和投影到其他人 ;
somatic nuclear transfer in mammalian has achieved many offspring during the development in the past a few years .	过去几年来 , 哺乳动物核转移实现了很多突破 。
in a sense the price of oil is playing the role that interest rates often play when an economy overheats .	在感知石油价格的意义上 , 当经济过热时 , 通常会发挥利率的作用 。
tonnage of whiteflecked stone quarried in spain and finished in italy: 430 tons .	西班牙的白色石头 , 在意大利的完成了:430吨 。
all the above motivate people , but few bosses have the ability to truly inspire their employees .	上述激励人民 , 但很少老板有能力真正激励他们的员工 。
fuzhou boland garments co . , ltd . is your most trusted supplier of apparel inventory .	福州波兰服装有限公司是您最信任的服装库存供应商 。
and though we have no control over genetics , there are other contributing factors that cause cellulite you can control .	虽然我们没有对遗传控制 , 但有其他的贡献因素 , 会导致你可以控制细胞 。
so how do you create a personal brand ? cloth boy network point of view of the following points .	所以你如何创建个人品牌 ? 布莱斯男孩网络点看下面的点 。
chapter 53 is regional anesthesia superior to general anesthesia for hip surgery ?	第53章是区域麻醉优于一般麻醉治疗hip手术 ?
features 6 opening windows , a telescope and sextant as well as 3 deck lanterns !	特色为6个开窗口 , 望远镜和性别的窗口 , 还有3个桌灯 !
when i visited beijing , a student of mr . xia presented me with a photo of his teacher .	当我访问北京时 , 一名小先生带着他老师照片给我 。
boseeinstein condensate is that a large number of identical particles occupy the same quantum state .	波西汀斯坦凝聚是 , 大量相同的粒子占据相同量子状态 。
the company says having two kinds of high definition dvds on the market has led to confusion with the buying public .	公司说 , 市场上有两种高定义dvds , 导致与购买公众混乱 。
you said that they called out to our imaginations in a way that big budget films can no longer achieve .	你说 , 他们称之为我们的想象 , 大型预算电影不再能实现 。
bruce lindsey , clinton's close friend and special assistant for personnel , supported her .	克林顿亲近的朋友和特别助理人员 , 支持她 。
humans cannot hunt our kingdom as another fully conscious species without hunting yourselves ;	人类不能把我们的王国当作另外一个完全意识的物种 , 没有狩猎自己 ;
the act of blipping refers to the act of linking to a song and attaching a 150 character comment to it .	翻译的行为是指连接到一个歌曲的行为 , 附着一个150个字符对它的评论 。
do not use in condition of pregnancy , epilepsy , cardiac , hypertension , braindamage .	不要使用妊娠、癫痫、心脏、高血压、脑损伤 。
the dynamical model of the system was developed , and the numerical results of the dynamical equations were obtained .	建立了系统的动态模型 , 得出了动态方程的数值计算结果 。
these will help you to progress improve technic , tone and of course embouchure , if done dilligently .	这些都会帮助你进步提高技术、内容和当然的实施 , 如果不知意做到 。
the formulation and evaluation of a 10w/30 qe/cc grade engine oil are presented in this article .	本文介绍了一种10w/30qe/cc级发动机油的配方和评价 。
all of these artifacts require maintenance , have to be worked around , and scrapped if business needs change .	所有这些工件都需要维护 , 必须在周围工作 , 并且如果业务需要改变 。
no questions . caldwellhad made a living riding the consoles of the union's capsule hotels .	没有问题 。 卡尔德威尔德在联合国的胶囊酒店里做出了一个生活 。
a new thyristor mediumfrequency power supply startup circuit is introduced in this article .	本文介绍了一种新型的甲状中频电源开发电路 。
dr . albert schweitzer's vocation led him to set up a medical clinic in africa .	阿尔伯特·施威茨博士的职业使他在非洲设立医疗诊所 。
the cells were passaged by mechanical methods , frozen and thawed by general procedure .	通过机械方法、冻结和一般程序 , 经过细胞传递 。
chapter four analyzes the influence of patronage on translation in the late qing dynasty .	第四章对清末清代翻译的影响进行了分析 。
the evaporation step is followed by calcination to produce the desired nanosized structure .	随后通过计算来产生所需的纳米结构的蒸发步骤 。
common relaxation techniques include meditation , mindfulness , tai chi and yoga .	常见的放松技术包括冥想、心灵、太极和瑜伽 。
that is a leapingoff point . you can also register a . mobi domain that is dedicated to mobile content .	这是一个跳跃点 , 你也可以注册一个.mobi域 , 它被指定为移动内容 。
the obtained cryptosystem modifies the class of mc public key cryptosystems .	得到的密码系统修改了mc公钥密钥密码系统的类 。
my home country is croatia . i was born in and raised in what used to be the former yugoslavia ,	我的家乡是克罗地亚 , 我出生在那里 , 曾经是前奥斯拉维亚 。
the present invention relates to one kind of decalcomania paper for porcelain surface decoration and its usage .	本发明涉及一种用于瓷表面装饰及其使用的解析纸 。
in the second part , the litigation value and theory basis of discretional nonprosecution was discussed .	第二部分 , 讨论了离散非诉讼的诉讼价值和理论基础 。
an iodinebased contrast is injected into the bloodstream and watched as it travels around .	基于碘的对比被注射到血流中 , 周围观察着它的旅行 。
if you want to get rid of your old computer , options include recycling , reselling , and donating .	如果你想把你的旧电脑丢掉 , 选择包括回收、回收和捐赠 。
in this paper , the solutions of distributed index construction and distributed retrieval are also discoursed .	本文还讨论了分布式索引建设和分布式检索的解决方法 。
because we had this kind of antiseptic separation between suffering and nonsuffering until we are the one suffering .	由于我们有这样的防静脉分离 , 直到我们是痛苦的 。
the environmental resources have rareness , should consider the environmental cost in economic development .	环境资源稀缺 , 应考虑经济发展环境成本 。
all major policy changes in china have been the result of a process of trial and error on a limited scale .	中国各大政策变化都是一项有限范围内试验和误差的过程 。
he sent his sinless son to bear the full brunt of the penalty we deserved to suffer .	他送他无罪的儿子去承受我们所要的罚款的充分破坏 。
our teachers encouraged us to find as many ways as possible to work out this mathematics problem . 34 .	我们的老师鼓励我们找到许多方式 , 尽可能工作这个数学问题 。 34 。
so , when supply chains shriveled , entrepreneurial ohmori became a manufacturer .	因此 , 当供应链缓冲时 , 企业家奥哈莫里成为制造商 。
thangkas are usually rectangular in shape , and the square ones are reserved for mandalas .	感谢卡斯通常是形状的矩形 , 方形的方形储备在曼达拉斯 。
be that as it may, the nerve poison does its business with man far more quickly than the blood poison .	就像它一样 , 神经毒素与男人比血毒更快地做出了它的业务 。
the main sound box uses the edges and corners distinct rectangle design , the line succinct sprightly .	主要的声箱使用边缘和角落区分方形设计 , 线路成功 。
webapp . net use xml to allow multipart asynchronous rendering and contnt update .	webapp.net使用xml来允许多区域异步渲染和符合更新 。
from time to time , " peeping " gloomy alley came from the missing job workers of drinking voice .	从时间到时 , " 佩宁 " 的盟友来自于缺乏饮用声音的工作人员 。
patricia neal raised money for children and adults who had suffered brain injuries .	帕特里亚尼尔为患有脑损伤的儿童和成年人提高了资金 。
kiting – an inexperienced player will attempt to follow a mechapede with their vehicles .	厨房-一名经验丰富的球员将试图跟随车辆的变化 。
timmy: but i'm 1 ) allergic to cats . keeping a cat wouldn't be fun for me .	蒂姆米:但是我是1 ) 过敏猫 。 保持猫不会对我感兴趣 。
define templates—the rules architect defines artifacts and templates using the brm tool .	定义模板-规则架构师使用brm工具定义工具和模板 。
bush will more than likely wait until this month , when his secondterm officially starts , to make a move .	布什将比本月等到更多等待 , 当他的第二季官方开始时 , 就会做一个动作 。
for example , you can combine one feed from bugzilla and another feed from the source control management systems .	例如 , 您可以从bugzilla和另一个来自源控制系统的饲料组合 。
kolli says the drought in the horn of africa came as no surprise to meteorologists .	kolli说 , 在非洲的恐怖中 , 这种干旱就像没有令人惊讶的气象学家 。
because the fire mechanism of a small cluster tear bomb is complex , there is not a set of sophisticated theories .	由于小集群泪弹的火焰机理复杂 , 没有一组复杂的理论 。
multicore and gpu based systems are here and harnessing that power is hard with todays programming models .	基于多孔和gpu的系统在这里 , 和今天的编程模式很难实现 。
after treatment with shen fu tang , some patients's symptoms have improved evidently .	临床治疗后 , 有些患者的症状明显改善 。
you're too much for me , ennis , you son of a whoreson bitch . i wish i knew how to quit you .	你对我来说太多 , 恩尼斯 , 你们的儿子是一个理由的苦痛 。 我希望我知道如何辞去你 。
in addition , there is a 1015 page final term paper based on a topic of the student's choice .	此外 , 根据学生选择的话题 , 还有一个1015页最后一篇文章 。
mary eventually left maimi , obtained a good education , and fostered her natural music ability .	玛丽最后离开马米 , 获得了一个好的教育 , 培养了她的自然音乐能力 。
anger can cause you to blame others for your problems and you may feel like getting revenge on those that have mistreated you .	愤怒可以导致你为了你的问题责怪别人 , 你可能会感觉到像你错过你那样的仇恨 。
the judge previously has said he might approve the contracts even over katherine jackson's objection .	前面的法官表示 , 他甚至在凯瑟琳杰克逊的对象上批准了合同 。
we have two major categories of products , one is file centric apps and another is database centric apps .	我们拥有两个主要的产品类别 , 其中一个是文件中心应用程序 , 另一个是数据库中心应用程序 。
teachers often told me to see the patient after the talk saying that a lot of reason all i have been heeded .	老师经常告诉我在谈话后看到病人说 , 很多原因是我所接受过的 。
and then there's that second , threefootlong horn on the woolly rhino: it was wide and flat .	然后 , 第二 , 三英尺长的角色在毛毛的rhino上:它是广泛的 , 平坦的 。
yet i would rather see a young person pray prayers from the heart than the most eloquent rote prayer .	然而我宁愿看到一位年轻人祈祷的祈祷者比最熟悉的罗特祷告 。
“it’s an arcane means of communication , which for the most part should be abolished , ” she told me .	她告诉我: " 这是一个弧形的通信手段 , 因为最应该被废除 。 "
i am happy to see her play much better in hong kong ; i think she will not disappoint in the final round .	我很高兴看到她在香港玩得更好 , 我认为她不会在最后一轮失望 。
" being plucked from obscurity is a bit like , you know , going on a long journey , " boyle said .	鲍伊尔说: " 从障碍中抽出来是个点像 , 你知道 , 你会去长途旅行 。 "
'the obvious advantage of using your hands is that you always have them with you , ' says sian porter .	" 使用你的手的明显优点是你总是和你一起拥有它们 , " 西安porter说 。
he said , during a drinking session in pub , one of his staffs joked that they should put vitamin in their undies .	他说 , 在俱乐部饮用会议期间 , 他的一名员工会议上 , 他们应该在他们的星期间放下维生素 。
on the other hand , your weight loss is in fact a continuous function , so each piece of data should be attached .	另一方面 , 你的重量损失实际上是连续的函数 , 因此应该附着每一块数据 。
no problem is permanent . storms always give way to the sun . winter always thaws into springtime .	无论是永久 , 风暴总是给太阳带来了 , 冬天总是会变成春天 。
the stamps depict the actress as holly golightly in the film breakfast at tiffany's .	邮票描绘了女演员 , 就像泰富尼的电影早餐里的好莱一样 。
my wife went through my phone and uhm , may be calling you . so if you can , please take your name off that .	我的妻子经过我的电话和uhm , 可能会叫你 。 所以如果你可以 , 请把你的名字放下来 。
right . this is the brochure for mexico , yucatan is at the back , and this is the brochure for guatemala .	好吧 , 这是墨西哥的青蛙 , 尤卡塔是背后的 , 这是古特马拉的青蛙 。
our identity is tied to the value that we bring into the world and historically that value means our profession .	我们的身份与我们带来的价值有关 , 历史上 , 价值意味着我们的职业 。
functionally , pump station are either gathering stations or trunk line stations , and in some cases both .	功能上 , 泵站是聚集站或链路站 , 在某些情况下 , 两者都是 。
experiment boldly . rip off the greats , and the goods as well . mimick and make it your own . try and err .	实验很大 。 跳出大量 , 货物也很好 。 米米克 , 让它变成自己 。 尝试和错误 。
compared the two methods , the results of power characteristic number method are better than that of shearing force decomposition method .	比较了两种方法 , 电力特性数法比剪切力分解法更好 。
m: well , i would not try to feed those little critters if i were you , they bite and can carry diseases .	嗯 , 如果我是你 , 我不会尝试喂这些小的作家 , 他们咬着 , 可以携带疾病 。
researches on pure shear behaviors of dd3 single crystal are experimentally carried out for the first time .	第一次对dd3单晶纯剪切行为进行了实验研究 。
under a series of the decoration of the clever and witty , commandos firefight , outwit the armory .	在一系列的清洁和智慧的装饰下 , 命令司令消防 , 外出军队 。
you'll see two councilmen , a union official , a couple of offduty cops , and a judge .	你会看到两个议员 , 联合国官员 , 两个犯罪副本和法官 。
avoid alcohol and aspirin while using methotrexate and misoprostol for a medical abortion .	避免酒精和阿司匹林 , 同时使用甲酸盐和米斯托罗斯托醇用于医疗出产 。
thirdly , commercial banks should speed up disposing of nonperforming loan by various means .	第三 , 商业银行应通过各种方式来加快非绩效贷款的速度 。
which brings us to my final piece of advice ; don’t try to extract from what doesn’t exist .	这给我们带来的最后一块建议 ; 不要尝试从什么不存在的东西提取 。
talking about the fast charge of accumulator for the mine explosionproof electric locomotive ;	讨论了矿山爆炸防爆电站积极器的快速电荷 ;
some cities are studying the halfway measure of banning them from bicycle lanes while permitting them on streets .	一些城市正在学习自行车巷的半路措施 , 同时允许他们在街上 。
li founded dayang in september 1979 with 85 employees , according to its web site .	李建于1979年9月 , 据其网站的85名员工 。
in this network the regional concept is limitlessly extended on informationization express highway .	在这个网络中 , 区域概念无限扩展在信息化表达公路上 。
i suggest we go to xxxx factory tomorrow morning , and go back to hangzhou from there , is that ok ?	我建议明天早上我们去xxxxx工厂 , 回到杭州 , 那好吗 ?
we should learn how to face failure or misfortune bravely and generously and to try to deal with it .	我们应该学习如何面对失败或不幸的勇敢 , 广泛而且试图处理它 。
that means big birds have to evolve different molting patterns to deal with their slowpoke feathers .	这意味着大鸟必须进化不同的熔化模式来处理它们的缓慢的羽毛 。
table iii: solubility of the drugs , polymer and filler used in the study , in water and alcohol .	表二:药物溶解度、聚合物和填充剂在水和酒精中使用 。
" so , when it comes time for dinner , " he says , " pasta sauce without added sugar tastes bland .	" 所以 , 当它来到晚餐时 , " 他说 , " 帕斯塔酱没有加入糖味的英国 。
china hp also hosts another important it event each year aimed for endusers called hp electronic world .	中国hp也主持另外一个重要it活动 , 旨在为最终用户称为hp电子世界的终端用户 。
he knew that xinjian was considered inferior and that a better school might help her find a better life .	他知道新疆被认为是不利的 , 更好的学校可能帮助她找到更好的生活 。
this example is an ifthen rule ; therefore , you would see the if condition and its corresponding action .	这个例子是一个ifthen规则 ; 因此 , 您会看到如果条件和相应的操作 。
they introduced bittorrent support ; browser gestures ; a nice mobile version . . .	它们引入了逆流支持 ; 浏览器姿势 ; 一个漂亮的移动版本 。
in such situations , the endpoint address used at development time is simply a placeholder , and is rarely used .	在这样的情况下 , 开发时间使用的端点地址只是一个位置符 , 而且很少使用 。
impressed with her abilities , vozda offered fiolla a job in corporate sector law enforcement .	与她的能力感到印象 , vozda在企业法律执行中提供了一份工作 。
pincer and shock trooper ships were falling out of the sky like ducks on a bad day at the marsh .	皮克和冲击部队的舰队正在从天空中落出来 , 像鸭子在马什那样坏的一天 。
objective: to analyse the effects of intertrochanteric fracture with dhs internal fixation in 60 cases .	目的:分析60例dhs内固定的干扰性骨折的疗效 。
the measurement of vector voltage can be got from the discrete sequential data of a sampled singal .	测量矢量电压的测量可以从抽样单元离散序列数据中得到 。
lillian:what if i tell her in a very nice way and bring her a sandwich to make her happy ?	莉莉莉安:如果我告诉她在很漂亮的路上 , 给她带来一个三明治来快乐吗 ?
the rockery , or peak , or shore , or mound or point to the role of the park in a certain extent .	岩石 , 或高峰 , 或海岸 , 或是指向公园的角色 。
you may want to say , " what do you mean by 'the self is vast' isn't that just spiritual claptrap ? "	你可能想说 , " 你认为 " 自我是什么意思 " 不仅仅仅仅仅仅是精神剪辑 ? "
nasolabial angle only reflected change of upper lip , but could not reflect characters of facial profile .	纳索拉角只反映上唇的变化 , 但不能反映面部剖面的特点 。
mavs coach rick carlisle said: " i'm so happy for him . i'm so happy for dirk . "	马夫斯教练里克·卡里斯勒说: " 我很高兴他 。 我很高兴的是迪克 。 "
a new orders subindex fell slightly to 52 . 5 in october from 52 . 8 in september .	一项新的订单子指数从9月份下跌至52.5点 。
ibm filed an application for his green card for permanent residence in 2004 , and he has yet to receive it .	ibm在2004年为了永久居住的绿卡申请 , 他还没有收到它 。
3 coal mine , the article puts forward an automatic control system of mine pump house based on plc .	本文提出了一种基于plc的矿井泵房自动控制系统 。
in those early days it moved men , it opened prison doors and made missionaries out of members .	早些时候 , 它搬了男人 , 它打开了监狱门 , 使使命人从成员中发出了任务 。
conversely , using ctrl+c and ctrl+v to build new implementations takes only seconds .	相反 , 使用ctrl+c和ctrl+v构建新的实现只需要二秒 。
the release of seawater from the rock will raise sea levels over time , but not by much , says schrag .	schrag说 , 从岩石中释放的海水将会随时间增加海平面 , 但并不多 。
anyone diving from it to the pool would have to make an almost perfect dive or be splattered on the rocks .	任何人离开它的水池 , 都必须让几乎完美的潜水或在岩石上喷洒 。
the serum was transported from anchorage to nenana by train where the first musher picked up the serum .	血清由锚杆传送到尼娜 , 第一辆穆斯勒在那里挑起血清 。
and love happens to people of all ages , because one's internal life changes , as well as one's opportunities .	爱情发生在所有年龄的人们 , 因为一个人是内在生活变化 , 以及一个人的机会 。
the chief suspect in the attack was al shabaab , a u . s . designated terrorist group that u .	袭击的首席嫌疑是美国指定的恐怖分子 。
for you this year , cheers for you today , tomorrow for your blessing: appearance and youth beautiful mood !	对于你今年来来来说 , 今天为你欢乐 , 明天为你的祝福:出现和青春的情绪 !
the reason we say nondual though is because anytime you think of one , it’s always in reference to many .	虽然我们说的原因是因为任何时候你想到一个 , 总是参考很多 。
this year , he's getting 30 percent of his baskets off dunks , and only 68 percent are assisted .	今年 , 他正在找到30%的篮子 , 只有68%的篮子帮助 。
equipment is also much more basic , involves fewer slots , and is all handled on a 3d paperdoll .	设备也比较基本 , 涉及更少的槽 , 并且全部在3d纸币上处理 。
fig2 . the ring only shows up in meetings with vip clients to label its owner married and reliable...	图2 。 只有与vip客户见面 , 才能标记自己的所有者结婚和可靠...
gas prices alone surged 3 . 3% in april , and are up 33 . 1% over the past year .	四月份汽油价格上涨3.3% , 去年上涨33.1% 。
obama stood and walked over to make small talk with pool reporters as roberts donned his black robe .	奥巴马站着 , 走过去跟池塘记者谈话 , 因为罗伯特斯捐赠了他的黑色绳子 。
situated at the beautiful and fertile town—ruian , which is " the motorcycle of china " .	位于美丽和肥沃的乡镇-俄罗斯 , 这是 " 中国摩托车 " 。
strongly appeal on the change in the role of primary school teachers in curriculum innovation .	强烈的呼吁在课程创新中的主要学校教师的角色 。
the slope mine under the town was slowly filled with salt brine making the surface subside .	镇下滑坡缓慢地满满满满盐盐碎片 , 使表面沉降 。
ingredients :wheat germ oil , chamomile , lavender , orange blossom , rose .	成分:小麦胚油 , 花米 , 薰衣 , 橙色花 , 玫瑰 。
look at my feet , grandma frozen stiff decided to make a pair of cloth padded boots .	看看我的脚 , 爷爷冻结了 , 决定做一双布垫的靴子 。
it jumped up and down disrespectfully , mocking the hunting soldiers . it threw a nut at them .	它分别跳起来跳下来 , 模仿猎人士 。 它在他们身上扔了一块刀 。
of course you are bronbron , you're 19 years old . you haven't reached your prime yet .	当然你是青铜 , 你是19岁的 。 你还没有达到你的主人 。
the methods of how to use additive reasonably and improve the quality of cathode coppers are discussed .	讨论了如何合理使用添加剂 , 提高阴极铜质量的方法 。
the machine is a set of sharpening and polishing highprecision dualfunction in one of the sharpener .	机器是一组尖锐、高精度双功能的机器 。
one thing absolute monarchs don't want is they don't want impediments to their personal rule .	一个绝对的君主不想要的事情是他们不想阻碍他们的个人规则 。
lapd swat is very highly regarded as probably the best urban swat team in the country .	笔记本扫描非常高度被认为是全国最好的城市游泳团队 。
room 905 , jinli mansion , no . 115 beizhan road , shenhe district , shenyang .	905房间 , 金利大厦 , 115号北山路 , 深圳地区沈阳 。
our girls never second guess themselves and they don’t talk themselves out of anything .	我们的女孩从来没有第二次猜到自己 , 他们不会谈论自己的东西 。
methods:the serological results of measles uncertain patients of 2006 in tangshan were analyzed .	方法:分析2006年唐山市2006例不确定患者的血液学成果 。
trash , wooden pallets and any other flammable material must be removed from areas of hot work .	垃圾、木板和其他可燃材料必须从热工作领域删除 。
does the existence of this informal relationship give you the right to stretch the rules of the work environment ?	这个非正式关系的存在给你带来权力来强化工作环境的规则 ?
third , cover your tactics , psychological tactics is to protect the manipulation tool .	第三 , 覆盖你的策略 , 心理策略是保护操作工具 。
in the third part of my paper i mainly elaborate the theory of ecosocialism and the commence on it .	第三章主要阐述了生态社会主义的理论及其在其中的作用 。
in this paper , the audio file stored format and the method of restoration the audio waveform are analysed .	本文分析了音频文件存储格式和恢复音频波形的方法 。
the material can be scorched rubber , flash overflow and unacceptable vulcanized product .	材料可分为橡胶 , 闪过量流和不可接受的紫外线产品 。
many a whale catties battle scars that were left by a squid's fierce struggles .	许多鲸猫都被松鼠的激烈斗争所留下的痕迹 。
property damage was estimated to be between $81 and $108 billion , according to noaa .	根据诺亚说 , 财产损害估计在81美元和108亿美元之间 。
if it’s a business trip , i am clearly going to bring mostly business casual items .	如果它是一个商业旅行 , 我很明显会带来大多数商业通常的项目 。
at last , literature were unscrambled , arranged , summarized and analyzed earnestly .	最后 , 文献不满足 , 安排 , 总结并分析了耳朵 。
it hasn't been reported that the coelomic fluid of earthworm shows nuclease activity .	据报道 , 地球气体的燃烧液显示了核活性 。
to achieve this in the above example , you use a regular expression to perform the replacement .	为了实现上述例子 , 您使用常规表达式来执行替换 。
this paper has described the application of remote sensing technology in environmental monitoring .	本文介绍了远程传感技术在环境监测中的应用 。
simulation ceramics ashes , straight safety mini crystal ceramics glass ;	模拟陶瓷 , 直安全微晶陶瓷玻璃 ;
they take themselves seriously the appearance of other in part , with be concerned about facesaving about .	他们把自己认真地认真地看到了其他的外表 , 关注了面对面对的关注 。
the allergopharma allergic abstraction was used to detect the allergens with the skin prick test .	采用过敏药物过敏抽象检测皮肤冲击试验的过敏原子 。
image: coral bleaching in australia’s great barrier reef/matt kiefer , flickr	图片:澳大利亚珊瑚漂亮的珊瑚礁礁礁/mattkiefer , flickr
for a quick , authentic meal , try the snack stalls down one of the side streets .	为了快速 , 真正的吃饭 , 尝试小吃在街上停下来 。
a father , who is working hardly as an ironsmith , brings up his son under the hardship of living .	一位父亲 , 几乎不像铁匠一样工作 , 使他的儿子在生活困难下 。
in the first chapter of the paper , a review of qsar and docking methods , progress and applications is presented .	本文第一章介绍了qsar和docking方法、进展和应用 。
the research development in catalysts for syndiotactic polymerization of styrene is reviewed .	综述了苯乙烯催化剂的研究进展 。
have you attended a hospital to receive medical treatment or been hospitalised in the past two years ?	过去两年你参加了一家医院接受医疗治疗或医院吗 ?
abdominal tenderness is noted , and pelvic examination reveals cervical motion tenderness .	注意到腹部紧张度 , 颈部检查显示颈部运动张力 。
cats and snakes are traditionally cooked together , given the name " dragon tiger fight " .	猫和蛇是传统烹饪的 , 给了名字 " 龙虎战斗 " 。
the id is also refereed to the pleasure principle , which also represents selfgratification .	id也被称为快乐原理 , 这也代表了自我感谢 。
banks are not lining up to lend money on their own for construction of the newest generation of indian points .	银行并不在于为了建设最新一代印度点的建设赚钱 。
this system can utilize the transmission bandwidth more efficiently and achieve frequency diversity .	该系统可以更有效地利用传输带宽 , 实现频率多样性 。
eventually it puts forward the focus of studying vbased solid solution type hydrogen stora...	最后提出了基于v的固体解决方案类型的研究重点 。
and the largest source of funds is the sales back to subsection , and has been carried out according to plan .	根据计划 , 最大的资金来源是销售回归订单 , 已根据规划进行 。
activated clay is prepared via reation of bentonite and sulfuric acid at high temperature .	通过高温条件下 , 制备了活性粘土 。
does your current lease allow you to request that your tenant vacate within a certain period of time ?	您的目前租赁是否允许你在某些时期内请求你的十个假期吗 ?
wise investing is the surest path to financial independence and it's something everyone can work on .	智慧投资是金融独立的最确定路径 , 它是每个人都可以工作的东西 。
with thoughtful service and harmonious atmosphere , the nursing home is really the home of the aged .	随着思维服务和谐的氛围 , 护理家庭真正是老年的家园 。
college staff bought 332 magazines , 44 fiction and 29 nonfiction books .	大学员工购买了332本杂志 , 44本小说和29本非小说书 。
mrs . cronin: my dear , why don't you tell me what it is . i'm sure i can help you .	克林林先生:我亲爱的 , 你为什么不告诉我这是什么 。 我确定我能帮助你 。
of course , humans could take over for the missing birds , pollinating by hand and sowing the seeds .	当然 , 人类可能会采取错误的鸟类 , 通过手柄和排种来污染 。
past efforts to reach a meeting of the minds on health care reform have ended in stalemate .	过去努力达到健康护理改革的心理会议已经结束了稳定的 。
the company has its own research and development bases , and production bases in shangdong , shanghai and shanxi province .	公司拥有自己的研究和开发基地 , 上海和山西省生产基地 。
" let's stay at one of the cheap motels on the edge of town , " kathleen suggested .	凯瑟琳建议: " 让我们住在城镇边缘的廉价摩托车之一 。 "
" so questions remain concerning both accuracy and also applicability to other solar cycles , " she said .	她说: " 因此 , 问题仍然关注精度 , 同时也适用于其他太阳周期 。 "
a tall man with white hair got out . it was albert , the husband of molly's sister .	一个高大的男人拿着白头发出来 , 是阿尔伯特 , 莫莉的妹妹的丈夫 。
it's pouring in thailand ! a man walks down a bangkok street in heavy rains .	这正在泰国 , 一个男人走在泰国的街道上 , 大雨中 。
in the 1970's , americans avoiding service in the vietnam war arrived and put down roots .	在1970年代 , 美国人避免越南战争的服务 , 放下根 。
major components: cactus extract cream , olive oil , vitamin b5 , geraniums .	主要成分:提取奶油 , 橄榄油 , 维生素b5 。
in other words , even our worst jobsearch errors are the training ground for greater success .	换句话说 , 即使我们最糟糕的工作搜索错误是成功训练的地方 。
but of the many contrasts given here what i find mostinteresting is sorrowful yet always rejoicing .	但我在这里发现最令人感兴趣的事情中 , 很多对比都是很抱歉的 。
we are surprised to hear about the damage . the order was carefully packed at our factory before shipment .	我们很惊讶地听到伤害 , 船舶之前的订单小心包装在我们的工厂 。
winners take chances . like everyone else , they fear failing , but they refuse to let fear control them .	胜利者采取机会 , 像其他人一样 , 他们担心失败 , 但他们拒绝让恐惧控制他们 。
police officers in the city aren't being fully paid and may not even have enough money for gas .	城市警察没有充分支付 , 甚至没有足够的钱给气体 。
part 4 learn the process of writing news articles like a reporter in this free journalism training video .	第四部分 , 学习了写作新闻文章的过程 , 比如在这个免费期刊教学视频记者 。
when there's a strong job market , organizations need to do whatever they can to attract top candidates .	当有很强的工作市场时 , 组织需要做任何能吸引顶级候选人 。
being put in front of a client for the first time and asked to explain something was a daunting experience .	第一次在客户机前面 , 请求解释某些东西是一个日常的经验 。
don't fall into the trap of believing that because you can't test every line of code , you must test nothing .	不要落入信仰的陷阱 , 因为你不能测试每行代码 , 你必须测试一下 。
the fifth partita was " the worst bach recording i've ever made . it was also the most pianistic . "	第五部分是 " 我曾经做过的最糟糕的记录 , 这也是最好的钢琴 。 "
fire and wind raged all around , snapping juniper trees and incinerating the sagebrush .	火和风在周围散步 , 轻松的青春树和激烈的青春树木 。
the content of this page is from the illy port or illy customs import and export company directory ;	本页的内容是来自illiport或illy海关进出口公司目录 ;
i have expressed my concern through my paintings which visualising the tension between human and environment .	我曾经通过我的画面表达出关注 , 视觉人与环境之间的张力 。
the high efficient allocation of system resource by using multithread application highly improved the system performance .	采用多线程应用高效分配系统资源 , 提高了系统性能 。
in britain , men are recommended not to drink more than 21 units a week and women 14 .	在英国 , 男性建议不要喝超过21个单位和女性14个单位 。
the time constant for pnipam in the collapsed state is nearly temperature and concentrationindependent .	崩溃状态下pnipam的时间常数几乎是温度和浓度依赖的 。
the exterior joinery elements will be in thermosprayed aluminum tinted charcoal gray .	外部jinery元素将会在热处理的铝灰中 。
rotating packed bed is a new highgravity gasliquid masstransfer equipment developed in 1980 .	旋转封装床是1980年开发的一种新型高重力气体质量大规模设备 。
no matter what language i learn , i always try to look at my cup as ‘half full’ .	不管我学到什么语言 , 我总是试着看看我的杯子 , 如 " 一半 " 。
don’t be insulted if a cashier holds your bill up to the light to check its authenticity .	不要被绝缘 , 如果一名卡什尔拿起你的账单来检查它的身份 。
despite the disappointments , milner , lammie and houston argue that dec salt can succeed .	尽管失望 , 米尔纳 , 拉米和休斯顿认为 , 衰退盐可以成功 。
the airbus a320 was flying from moscow to geneva when the attempted hijacking occurred .	空中汽车a320正在从莫斯科飞到日内瓦时 , 试图出现劫持的时候 。
owning to the arrangement of the course , 50 students found 6 companies and cheerz company is one of them .	拥有安排课程 , 50名学生发现6家公司和切尔兹公司是其中之一 。
since that time , mcdonald's and its franchises have remodeled 11 , 000 stores .	自那时以来 , mcdonald和它的支持已经删除了11 , 000家店 。
can the bookstores and libraries of this world stay viable and relevant in this age of edownloads ?	这个世界的书店和图书馆可以在这个时代的爱德华人载荷吗 ?
physicists could solve it for only a small number of cases , such as that of two parallel plates .	物理学家可以解决它只有很多情况 , 例如两个并行板 。
this finding adds yet more confusion to determining the best strategy for women with ntse acs .	这项发现还增加了更多的混乱 , 以确定与ntseacs的女性最好的策略 。
nor did i agree with his somewhat emotional assessment of me as a " unique moron . "	我并不同意他的情感评估我是一个 " 独特的摩隆 " 。
ehrlich’s book , the population bomb , made him the mostfamous of modern malthusians .	埃哈里奇的书 , 人口炸弹 , 使他成为现代马尔托斯人最著名的 。
for example , there are restrictions that make it all but impossible to sell f22s to japan .	例如 , 有限制使它全部不可能销售f222到日本 。
mathias is a typical midfielder with important potential which he will have to show on the pitch .	数学家是一个典型的中场球员 , 他必须在球场上展现的重要潜力 。
just last saturday we saw each other again in berlin , along with mikhail gorbachev .	上周六我们再次在柏林看到彼此的 , 随着迈克海尔戈尔巴切夫 。
the name of this fruit , yes , this is technically a fruit , comes from nahuatl , too .	这个水果的名字 , 是的 , 这也是一种水果 , 来自纳华特尔 。
as soon as the monkey king goes into the cave , the other animals cover the cave door with rocks .	就像猴王走进洞穴时 , 另外一个动物覆盖了洞穴门和岩石 。
its way more m2m than is necessary , but it certainly does the job of giving the best of them .	它的路比m2m要多 , 但是它肯定要做到最好的工作 。
founded as a furtrading post , it developed rapidly after the coming of the railroad in1881 .	1881年 , 铁路到来后迅速发展 。
i found the distance to our main tent hard enough going , never mind a trek to the north pole .	我发现距离到我们的主要帐篷很难 , 永远不介意朝北极走路 。
the reactions were manifested by allergic shock , purpura , urticaria and angioedema .	由过敏震动、紫外线、尿尿和血管瘤表现出反应 。
there are many minor gold deposits in the periphery of huanglin anticlinal . nucleus .	黄lin抗lin.核的周围有许多少量的金矿 。
a bottomup itcentric approach focusing on discovery and characterization of existing it assets .	关注于现有it资产的发现和特点的底部中心方法 。
to be engaged in studying a role so as to be able to replace the regular performer when required .	学习角色 , 因此 , 可以在需要时替换常规的表演员 。
the average skews higher than the median because of a few very high incomes , deaton explained .	德顿解释说 , 由于几个很高的收入 , 平均水平比媒体高得多 。
furthermore , the plugin may overwrite your changes the next time it regenerates the site .	此外 , 插件可以重新编写您的下一次改变它再生这个网站 。
now we never completed the study so we never wrote it up , but we did find some interesting preliminary things .	现在我们从来没有完成这项研究 , 所以我们从未写过它 , 但我们发现一些有趣的初步事情 。
it will have to fight against that , even if the new ngage delivers an excellent gaming experience .	即使新语言交付了一个优秀的游戏经验 。
if you find an apartment you like , submit an application to the landlord or property manager immediately .	如果你发现你喜欢的公寓 , 立即向土地主或财产经理提交应用程序 。
the date can also recruit superior nodachi units as well: attack is a date watchword !	日期也可以重新招募优秀的诺达奇单位:攻击是一个日期的观看字 !
the single chromosome obtained in the study is rice field eel chromosome 3 ;	本研究所得到的单色染色体是稻田染色体3 ;
hesse created minimal sculptures that retain a relationship to the organic through shape and texture .	赫斯创造了最小雕塑 , 这些雕塑是通过形状和纹理来保持关系的 。
there was no history of trauma , apart from her having undergone acupuncture several years previously .	除了前几年以前 , 还没有历史的创伤历史 。
in addition to myers , also described by western tourists by nontibetans cruel attack .	除了神秘之外 , 还描述了西方旅游者在非tibetanscruel攻击中 。
other countries , notably india , must calibrate their government finances even more carefully .	其他国家 , 通常印度 , 必须更谨慎地准备他们的政府财务 。
production begins in the fall and the film is expected to be released in the summer of 2011 .	生产开始在秋季 , 电影预计在2011年夏季发布 。
boring but serious english you are the redthreadwoven ball that i have dreamed to obtain .	烦恼但是英语你是我梦想得到的红线宽带的球 。
the shabab now control only 40% of mogadishu proper , down from about 60% a few months ago .	沙巴现在只控制40%的摩加迪苏合适 , 从几个月前下降了60% 。
and with warm weather predicted in spain , the german said his day of karting should stand him in good stead .	德国人说 , 随着西班牙温暖的天气预测 , 他的日子应该站在很好的稳定 。
results: 108 canals were successfully reopened with a successful rate of 92 . 3% .	结果:108例运河成功重建 , 成功率为92.3% 。
some complex flow characteristics such as separation , circumfluence appears around spur dikes .	一些复杂的流动特性如分离、循环影响出现周围的spurdike 。
well , that was very decided indeed that does seem as if but , however , it may all come to nothing , you know .	然而 , 这确实是非常确定的 , 看起来似乎没有什么 , 你知道 。
van der sloot has said he left holloway on a beach near her hotel after they had kissed .	范德·斯洛特说 , 在亲吻之后 , 他离开旅馆附近的海滩 。
here she talks not only about real risk factors , she also rules out signs that could be misread .	在这里 , 她不仅谈论真正的风险因素 , 她也规定出可能是错误的标志 。
this is no more effective than prayer which when it does seem to work can be explained away as coincidence .	这并不比祷告更有效 , 当它似乎可以解释为合理的时候 , 就能解释出来 。
twopieces adjustable ladder can be designed and manufactured according to order demand .	根据订单需求 , 可以根据可调整梯度设计和制造 。
no sign of an epic clash of the titans such as the 1980's maradona platini one .	在1980年代马拉多娜·普拉蒂尼亚的马拉多尼亚 。
ltd . dongguan branch is a good faith for the purpose of formal professional decoration company .	东莞分行有限公司是我国正式专业装饰公司的一个好信仰 。
'all of the sudden , everything i loved about the city was just so frightening to me , ' she said .	" 突然 , 我喜欢这个城市的一切都是如此恐惧的 , " 她说 。
several theoretical examples given in the paper show that the terrain correction of the surface ...	本文给出了几个理论实例 , 证明了表面的地形修正 。
the second instance indicates the code page used at the source , which is also windows usenglish .	第二个实例显示了在源中使用的代码页 , 这也是窗口使用nglish 。
however , the reelability has a negative relationship with the speed of heating if the set temperature is high .	然而 , 如果设置温度高 , 可溶性与加热速度有负相关 。
yea , chinese history is great , and chinese food is awesome . let's enjoy our lunch man .	是的 , 中国历史很棒 , 中国的食物很好 。 让我们享受我们的午餐男人 。
charlotte wrote as currer bell , emily as ellis bell , and anne as acton bell .	查洛特写到了当前的钟 , 艾米莉如ellisbell , 安妮像演员钟一样 。
i shall never forget those days when i lived in the army with the soldiershas a great effect on my life .	当我住在军队的时候 , 我永远不会忘记那个日子 , 士兵们对我的生活有很大的影响 。
the first thing bram did upon his return was run to mo , giving her hugs and kisses .	布莱姆第一次回来的事情是跑到莫姆 , 给她的巨大和亲吻 。
fortunately , gout is treatable , and there are ways to reduce the risk that gout will recur .	幸运的是 , 路透是可处理的 , 而且有办法减少路透会恢复的风险 。
every element has a method to return the label of its category and a method to bind the clicking action .	每个元素都有一种方法来返回其类别的标签 , 还有一个方法结合闭合操作 。
england setup with a stopper and cover , this exploits the talents of terry and ferdinand .	英格兰设置了停止器和封面 , 探索了恐怖和费丁南德的才华 。
this underlines that you should use double indexes if you want semantically correct numeric comparisons .	如果你想要语义上正确的数字比较 , 您应该使用双指数 。
university of the freedom of living people to temporarily forget the past , and floated up to enjoy the present .	居住大学的自由 , 暂时忘记过去 , 浮跃起来享受现今 。
tritium emits a weak form of radiation that does not travel very far in the air and cannot penetrate the skin .	水果发出了一种弱的辐射形式 , 没有在空气中旅行非常远 , 不能渗透皮肤 。
finally , concrete suggestions and measures are proposed for the implementation of the group' s development strategy .	最后提出了混凝土建议和措施 , 为集团开发策略实施 。
in general and basically , i'm still one of those who are beneficial and harmless to the mankind and our society .	总体来说 , 我仍然是那些对人类和我们的社会有益和无害的人之一 。
this erosional basin was closed and evolved into a depositional basin during middle late pleistocene .	这种腐蚀盆地闭合 , 进化为中晚聚丙烯沉积盆地 。
additionally , enthalpy and entropy both contributed to enantioseparation when mobile phase was acetonitrile .	另外 , 当移动相是醋酸时 , 能量和熵都有助于分离 。
each change brought fresh accessories , clothing , jewelry and body colors to the new collection .	每个变化都带来了新鲜的配件 , 服装 , 珠宝和身体颜色到新收藏 。
while meeting financial group influence in foreign hotel to press on to the border , is because " wolf " come .	尽管会议金融集团对外国酒店出现压力 , 但是因为 " 狼 " 来临 。
" of the four wars in my lifetime none came about because the u . s . was too strong . " ronald reagan .	" 我生命中的四个战争中没有人会因为美国太强了 。 " 罗纳德雷根 。
in september , the company slashed its sales forecast for 2010 by 25% to 600 , 000 vehicles .	九月份 , 该公司推出了2010年9月的销售预测 , 达到25%至600万辆汽车 。
isn't that against china's principle of noninterference in the internal affairs of other countries ?	反对中国的非干扰原则是否在其他国家内部事务中不干扰 ?
objective:to investigate the electroneuographical characteristics in patients with guillianbarre syndrome .	目的:探讨吉利亚酒吧综合征患者的电神学特点 。
because the kidneys produce carnitine , kidney disease could lead to a deficiency of carnitine in the body .	由于肾脏产生癌症 , 肾脏疾病可能导致体内不足 。
to worship others blindly and belittle others at will are both factually the display of lack of selfconfidence .	为了敬拜别人 , 将会有别人都是缺乏自信的显示 。
he posited that animals acquired certain traits during their lifetimes because of their environment and choices .	他正在说 , 由于它们的环境和选择 , 动物在生命期间获得了某些特点 。
gaps are left between the outer cylinder and the inner cylinder , and air in gaps is pumped into vacuum .	外缸和内缸之间的差距离开 , 空气在空气中被泵入真空 。
we'd like someone to design a vector illustration of this fun , cute , accessible monstertype character .	我们喜欢有人设计这个乐趣、可爱、可访问的怪物类型的矢量图表 。
913 and , he didn't publish anything related to the lewis structure until about 1912 or 1913 .	913和1912年至1913年 , 他没有出版任何与左翼结构有关的事情 。
dynamic program data from backend business logic can also be placed at the specified location in the html .	后端业务逻辑的动态程序数据也可以放置在html中的指定位置 。
experimental results on plasma instability and potential confinement configuration in mm4u tandem mirror are presented .	介绍了mmm4utm4u线镜中等离子不稳定性和潜在限制配置的实验结果 。
so , these onchanging properties that describe the state of the equilibrium state of the system are called state variables .	因此 , 描述系统平衡状态的这些交换属性被称为状态变量 。
an optimal sequencing of the storage elements in the single scan chain design for testability is presented in the paper .	本文介绍了单扫描链设计中存储元素的最佳序列 。
in this paper , macroporous resin was used to treat wastewater resulting from manufacturing sulfanilamide .	本文采用宏孔树脂处理废水来处理硫胺生产废水 。
to be responsible for the partymasses work of administration and its directly affiliated institutions .	负责党大规模的行政工作和直接实施的机构 。
the gentleman was infinitely resourceful and had close contacts in the army and in political circles .	绅士无限是资源丰富的 , 在军队和政治界接触密切 。
a motor vehicle which reaches the standards for being discarded as unserviceable shall not run on road .	一辆汽车到达标准的车辆应当不能在路上运行 。
used for the treatment of acute and chronic enteritis and diarrhea caused by bacterium or fungus .	用于急性慢性肠炎和腹泻的治疗 , 是由细菌或真菌引起的 。
other agreements in 1880 and 1892 sealed the protectorate status of bahrain to the british .	1880年 , 1892年和1892年的其他协议封闭了巴赫林的保护地位 。
objective: to observe the effects of synthetical rehabilitation cure on guillainbarre syndrome .	目的:观察合成康复治疗豚鼠胆囊综合征的疗效 。
small doohickey 2: sunshine fades not more easily than be being cleaned in day of overcast and rainy .	小多希基2:太阳降落不容易清理 , 而且在过度和雨天天清理 。
the four vessels were then reinforced by two type 037 antisubmarine patrol crafts .	然后采用两种037型抗潜艇巡逻工艺加强了四艘船舶 。
so research and development as a new treatment for burns and wound healing of the drug become yet to resolve the issue .	因此 , 研究和发展作为烧伤和伤口愈合的新治疗 , 仍然成为解决该问题的解决方案 。
represent medicine: much pepsin , pancreatin , more enzymatic piece , mai feiming wait .	代表药:很多pepsin , 胰腺素 , 更多酶 , 肥料等待 。
increasing starch concentration had little influence on the gab parameters but nonetheless decreased aw .	增加淀粉浓度对gab参数的影响不大 , 但无法减少aw 。
deputy mayor he jihua meets with principal members of kagoshima cultural exchange group .	他副市长jihua会见了卡加希马文化交流集团的主要成员 。
current champion ronnie o'sullivan believes ding junhui has what it takes to go all the way .	目前的冠军罗尼奥·奥纳维安相信 , 丁俊惠有必要走的东西 。
timely deployment of work safety , strict implementation of territorial regulatory responsibility .	时间部署工作安全 , 严格实施领土监管责任 。
the public security work in poor areas will face favorable opportunities of development and confront grim challenges .	贫困地区公共安全工作将面临良好的发展机会和面临严峻挑战 。
today's dynamic business needs are driving it departments to implement standardsbased computing .	今天的动态业务需求正在驱动it部门实现基于标准的计算 。
it plans to equip other ultralight kits with electric motors ranging from 10 to 60 kilowatts .	它计划设备其他超光电动机 , 从10到60公里的电动汽车 。
mgm has now been taken over by new owners , however , and its money troubles appear to be a thing of the past .	然而 , mgm现在已经被新老板采取了 , 而它的资金问题似乎是过去的事情 。
let us consider that we are all insane . it will explain us to teach each other . it will unriddle many riddles .	让我们考虑到我们都是愚蠢的 , 它会解释我们彼此相互教学 。 它会不会让许多谜 。
but there are a variety of things about people who can communicate from the dead or ghosts or seances or what have you .	然而 , 有各种关于人们可以从死亡或鬼魂或类型交流的东西 , 或者你有什么东西 。
sift together the dry ingredients into mixing bowl . add in diced butter and knead to form dough .	sift将干燥成分混合碗 , 加入方向蝴蝶和膝盖形成干燥的成分 。
yet despite much speechifying from bankerbashing politicians , such views do not seem to have taken hold .	然而 , 尽管从银行基于银行的政治家来说很多演讲 , 但如此的观点似乎没有举行 。
customers will pay 2 star prices for a 5 star offering , a value proposition unmatched in the market place .	客户将支付2颗明星价格为5颗恒星提供 , 在市场上不匹配的价值建议 。
i think the reader gets the point . at some point we're all acted like this: we've been too busy to do god's work .	我认为读者得到了这一点 , 在某些时候我们都像这样做:我们一直忙于做上帝的工作 。
and basically everything what agassi and rios , and some other guys , what they have in life is thanks to the tennis .	基本上 , 阿加西和里索斯的所有东西 , 以及其他一些家伙 , 他们在生活中有什么感谢网球 。
in many cases they interfere with the normal economic order in our country affecting the market of many highquality goods .	在许多情况下 , 他们干涉了我国正常的经济秩序 , 影响了许多高质量货品市场的影响 。
tax related crimes include all kinds of offence aganist china's tax system according to chinese criminal law .	根据中国刑事法 , 税收相关犯罪包括各种犯罪机构的税收制度 。
first , image capture and pantilt control are firstly achieved based on hikivision's image capture board .	首先 , 基于hikivision的图像捕获板 , 首先实现了图像捕获和pantilt控制 。
the other part may be steeped in the principles of debate , such as identifying fallacies , or understanding bias .	另一部分可能是在辩论的原理上 , 例如识别瀑布 , 或者理解偏见 。
this is true whether you are doing street photography or visiting a natural or manmade site .	这是真正的 , 你是否在做街道摄影或访问自然或人造网站 。
if you can't make a lateral leap , look for ways to expand your current position in the direction of your interests .	如果你不能做到侧跳 , 寻找方法扩大目前的位置在你的利益方向上 。
your breath will come in through the crown of your head and will fill your body in a manner you are not really accustomed to .	你的呼吸将会经历你的头冠 , 将会填满你的身体 , 你的身体真正不习惯 。
according to the variation of pressure and speed , optimize the model to reduce the pressure loss .	根据压力和速度的变化 , 优化模型 , 降低压力损失 。
it becomes a hot topic these years . the major characteristics of channel are multipath transmission and shadow effect .	这是今年的热点 , 通道的主要特点是多路径传输和阴影效应 。
" every time negotiations are underway , money always makes the decision , " pellegrino told sport . es .	" 每次谈判都是低估的 , 金钱总是让决策 , " 普莱格里诺告诉体育 。
shampoos and other products designed to open scalp pores do not stop hair loss or promote regrowth of hair .	山坡及其它产品设计开放螺纹孔不停止发损失或促进头发的增长 。
the results from greenhouse experiment showed that the efficiency of biocontrol could arrived at 72 . 1% .	实验结果表明 , 生物控制效率可达72.1% 。
of course , none of us thought we'd be sitting on top of that peak in the not too distant future .	当然 , 没有人认为我们在不太远的未来 , 就坐在那峰顶上 。
this week in our series , larry west and tony riggs describe an antiwar movement that was growing .	本周 , 我们系列 , 拉里西部和托尼里·里格斯描述了一个反war运动正在增长的反war运动 。
even tutoring at a forprofit learning center or leading tours at a historic site required a master’s .	即使在前利润学习中心 , 还是在一个历史的网站上领导旅游 , 还需要一个硕士学习 。
the bct fee will be waived for all singaporeans and singapore prs above 16 years old .	bct费用将在16岁以上所有新加坡人和新加坡人士等待 。
so in this paper , the way of realization of the hl7 middleware on multiparameters monitor is intro duced .	介绍了hl7中间件在多参数监测中的实现方法 。
i’m on the shit list in my platoon for quitting , and my chain of command won’t move me if i ask .	我在我的柏拉图上列表 , 如果我问话 , 我的命令链不会移动我 。
the chongqing upt head hunting company is taken as an example to do a preliminary research in operating pattern .	重庆上海猎头公司是一家在运营模式下进行初步研究的例子 。
the model of effect information entropy project risk analysis has its unique theory and method in solving these problems .	信息熵风险分析模型有其独特的理论和解决这些问题的方法 。
the businessschool method of valuing shares is based on the discounted value of future dividend payments .	基于未来分支价值分支的折扣价值的商业学校方法 。
how can you say so ? without breach in continuity how can there be rebirth ? can there be renewal without death ?	你怎么说呢 ? 无论如何在连续不断的情况下 , 你怎么能再生 ? 无法死亡 ?
censure: a punishment in which the mage is warned against future violations , similar to parole .	审查:警告mage的惩罚是对未来暴力的警告 , 类似于恐怖 。
the next section explains this cost more fully as it explores how startup costs are initially incurred .	下一节解释了这个成本更全面 , 因为它探讨了创业成本如何初始创业成本 。
a scientific study of athletics is the process of cognition to reveal the essence in things and their objective laws .	运动员的科学研究是揭示事物的本质及其客观法的认知过程 。
but feiler's wife , linda , had a hunch that something was wrong: " you know as a wife , as a spouse .	但是费勒的妻子林达 , 还有一只猎人 , 那是错误的: " 你知道是一个妻子 , 就像一个怀疑 。 "
in principle , each copy of the genome ; s estimated 60 , 000 genes is exactly the same .	在原理上 , 每个基因组的复制 ; s估计60 , 000基因是相同的 。
if there are no or not enough researchers looking into this subject , what should this author be entreating the government to do ?	如果没有足够的研究人员查看这个课题 , 这个作者应该把政府发送呢 ?
again , if you want to match either of these characters verbatim , you must use an escaping backslash .	再次 , 如果你想匹配这些字符verbatim , 那么你必须使用一个逃跑的背部 。
however , when using the model for the 2008 european championship , the forecast winner did not make it to the second round .	然而 , 当使用2008年欧洲冠军的模式时 , 预测赢得者没有把它变成第二轮 。
with multifunctional die , the square and round hole angle steel flange can be manufactured .	采用多功能模具 , 可制造平方和圆孔角钢法兰 。
good mind is broad , generous , and tolerant of the universe for the benefit of mankind the common people .	良好的思想是广泛、广泛、容忍宇宙对人类的利益有益 。
here , i first of all express our most sincere congratulations to the class group achieved outstanding results and classmates !	这里 , 我首先在这里表达了我们最真诚的祝贺课堂团体实现了优秀的结果和同学 !
yalong bay center place , won a national construction " luban award " modern garden plaza .	沿着湾中心 , 赢得了一个国家建设 " luban奖 " 现代园林广场 。
for some weeks , my 26yearold son , david , had been after me to go with him to atlantic city , n .	几个星期 , 我的26岁的儿子大卫大卫一直跟他去大西洋城市 , 曾经和他一起去过 。
the bank had the trust of its customers and had not seen any meaningful outflow of funds , tilmant said .	泰尔曼特说 , 银行拥有其顾客的信任 , 并没有看到任何有意义的资金流出 。
endurance swimmer diana nyad has become the first person to swim from cuba to the us without a shark cage .	保险游泳者戴安娜·尼亚德已经成为第一个游泳来自古巴到美国 , 没有鲨鱼笼子 。
" it would be irresponsible for the president to veto this legislation , " boehner told reporters .	博恩纳告诉记者说: " 对于总统来说 , 这是不负责任的 。 "
their personal stories show the tragic reality of cancer in poor countries and its strong impact on people and their families .	他们的个人故事显示了贫穷国家的癌症现实和其对人民和家庭的强烈影响 。
after akmal shaikh , the mentally ill man , is executed tomorrow – you are on short rations for a year !	在阿克马尔·沙克之后 , 精神疾病人 , 明天被执行-------------------------------------------
anyone who violates the regulations or disobey theexaminer will be handled according to related regulations .	根据相关规定 , 违反规定或解决考试者的任何人都会按照相关规定处理 。
perhaps less than a kiloton , which sounds like a lot but is actually small as nuclear devices go .	也许不到一个kiloton , 听起来像很多 , 但实际上 , 核设备是小的 。
at a more basic level , americans are afraid not just of dying , but of talking and thinking about death .	在更基本的水平上 , 美国人不仅担心死亡 , 而且谈论和思考死亡 。
tan later , " juying lu pen consciousness " that read: " china's great sages , no clouds change also .	后来 , " 朱玲露笔意识 " 这个阅读: " 中国的伟大年代 , 没有云变化 。
prf global inc is a u . s . a . corporation located in huntington beach , california .	prf全球inc是一家位于加州华盛顿海滩的美国公司 。
typically , large manufacturers will have a quality system that exceeds the medical device qs regulation .	通常 , 大型制造商将拥有超过医疗设备qs规范的质量系统 。
a man who likes to moralize is usually a hypocrite , and a woman who does the same is invariably plain .	一个喜欢道德化的男人通常是假犯 , 一个女人也是不可避免的平原 。
though none of us will individually alter the course of the universe , collectively we can do this !	尽管我们中没有人会单独改变宇宙的过程 , 集体上我们可以这样做 !
" but , " he added , " through the grace of god and wisdom of our leaders , these plots were neutralized . "	" 但是 , " 他补充道 , " 通过我们的领导者的神和智慧 , 这些情景是中性化的 。 "
a survey of arbuscular mycorrhizae of wild flowers in longtou mountain area and its application ;	研究了龙乌山地区野生花的阿布斯血管杂草及其应用 ;
remember , the name of god represents the god we name , and the lord god himself is this tower .	记住 , 神的名字代表我们所名的神 , 耶和华上帝是这座塔 。
to safely use wasted onebase propellant , detonation occasion of charge was judged through witness steelplate .	为了安全使用浪费一基推进剂 , 通过目击钢板判断电荷的破坏时刻 。
since fda began scrutinizing the drugs last march , shares of amgen have sunk 27 percent . u .	自3月份fda开始破坏药物 , 阿根的股票占美国的27% 。
this paper is a summary on the experimental investigation of almg alloys with the alloying addition of re .	本文总结了用合金添加的almg合金的试验研究 。
this is unzipped on the broker and saved on the broker's file system according to message set .	根据消息集来说 , 这是未经纪人并且在经纪人文件系统上节省的 。
the book's writer , john b . watson , urged extreme firmness in dealing with children .	这本书的作家约翰·沃森在处理儿童的极端坚定性 。
you shouldn’t need that many more words to explain what the picture means or why you’ve included it .	你不需要那么多字来解释图片的意思 , 或者你包含的原因 。
pepper , basil , oregano , turmeric , thyme , lime , onion and garlic are only a beginning .	辣椒 , 巴西 , 有机 , 土壤 , 你的 , 石灰 , 洋葱和蒜只是开始 。
try and clear your mind before bed time and make an effort to think positive thoughts that aid sleep .	试着在床前清理你的思想 , 努力思考积极的想法 , 帮助睡觉 。
but after china joined the npt in 1992 and the nsg in 2004 , it reined in such help , at least officially .	但在1992年加入了npt和nsg之后 , 在2004年 , 至少在官方的帮助下 , 中国加入了npt 。
haun ni asked molly , whats the matter , molly asked kim she isnt a person can love a person no longer love ?	哈尼问莫莉 , 什么事情 , 莫莉问金 , 她不再爱人吗 ?
the problem lies in the insufficiency and low efficiency of humancapital investment in rural areas in china .	问题在于我国农村资本投资的不足和低效率 。
for a while , aunt fan had large breasts too—they'd open up and she'd pull stuff out .	很多时候 , 阿姨粉也有很大的胸口 , 他们打开了 , 她就会走出去 。
most of the characters have no mouths , dot eyes , and stick limbs ; those with lips are unintelligent .	大多数字符都没有嘴巴 , 点眼睛 , 粘着肢体 ; 嘴唇不聪明 。
grandma , tell me how you make everything so delicious ? someday i want to be the best cook there ever was , just like you .	爷爷 , 告诉我你怎么做这么美味吗 ? 有些天我想做最好的烹饪 , 就像你一样 。
romania , under its president , traian basescu , is a bastion of atlanticism in the black sea region .	罗马尼亚在其总统 , 巴斯库是黑海地区大西洋主义的基础 。
the direct link between alcohol and the liver is well understood but what about the impact of alcohol on other organs ?	酒精与肝脏之间的直接联系是很好的理解 , 但酒精对其他器官的影响是什么 ?
but i do think it is time to reevaluate the things i do have and whether or not they add any value to my existence .	但是我认为 , 要评估我做的事情是否有价值 , 还是不会对我的存在添加任何值 。
the last recipe item in the list , shown in listing 5 , contains an additional html class: onlinerequired .	清单5中所示的最后一个接收项目 , 包含一个额外的html类:在线需要 。
acronym for " thank god its almost friday " , word is only usually used on thursday .	周四 " 感谢上帝 " 的周五 , 言语只是周四使用 。
ed begely jr . , the 61yearold activist and actor , has been doing it for longer than any of them .	埃德伯吉利·约 , 61岁的活动家和演员 , 一直比任何人长得多 。
i'm tough , i'm ambitious , and i know exactly what i want . if that makes a bad woman , okay .	我很艰难 , 我是雄心的 , 我知道我想要的 , 如果这让一个坏女人好的话 , 我知道这是什么 。
we asked relationship experts what you should discuss before getting hitched . here are 13 questions they came up with .	我们问你应该在碰撞之前讨论的关系专家 , 这里有13个问题是他们来到的 。
gady epstein , beijing bureau chief for forbes , has been covering china and asia since 2002 .	北京官长福布斯 , 自2002年以来 , 加迪·epstein已经覆盖了中国和亚洲 。
our first stop was dongcheng , the county seat of dongguan –already an emerging force in export trade .	我们的第一站是东莞的县座位已经成为出口贸易的新兴力量 。
we had legislation about the national health service passed 10 years ago and nothing has happened since .	十年前 , 我们对国家卫生服务的立法已经过去了 , 自从没有发生的事情 。
till now , the paper constructs a framework according to the model which root in theory and tested by practice .	直到现在 , 本文根据实践中根据理论和测试的模型构建了框架 。
the passer touches a person to let them know he needs to get through but allows his hand to linger longer than necessary .	乘客触摸一个人让他们知道他需要穿过但允许他的手比必要长得多 。
he went to her , scolded her gently for her earlier faithlessness , and assured her that her search was over .	他去了她 , 轻轻轻地抓住她的信心 , 保证她的搜索已经结束了 。
unzip sj_tomcat . zip to the root of your tomcat installation’s webapps directory .	unzipsjtomcat.zip到您的tmcat安装的webapps目录 。
the team showed only those cells with ezh2 phosphorylated by cdk1 differentiated into bone cells .	研究小组只显示了由cdk-1分化成骨细胞的ezh2磷的细胞 。
but the chinese does not recognize this fact , nor if he should do so would it diminish his sense of innate superiority .	但中国人并不认识这一事实 , 如果他应该这样做 , 那就会消除他的优越感觉 。
the aim of the study was to investigate the effects of plant growth regulatorliduo was on wheat yield .	研究目的是探讨植物生长调节剂量对小麦产量的影响 。
whenever we forget these basic truths about gifts , it always causes trouble in the church .	每当我们忘记这些关于礼物的基本真理时 , 它总是会导致教会的麻烦 。
in order for the world to realize the coming of maitreya , a number of conditions must be fulfilled .	为了世界实现maitreya的未来 , 必须满足许多条件 。
doctor frank paul is an expert in glaciology from swiss federal institute of technology .	弗兰克博士是瑞士联邦技术研究所的冰川学专家 。
bud film contract and leaf long , lozenge or wedge , have notch shape a toothlike part of anything .	芽膜合同和叶片长 , 叶片或结婚 , 没有像任何东西一样形成牙齿类似的部分 。
perform monitoring , inspection and quality control at inhouse and subcontractor steel fabrication and welding section .	实现监测、检查和质量控制在室内和亚承包钢制造和焊接段 。
this invention describes a hydroxylamine benzene dismutase , its coding gene and applications .	本发明描述了一种羟基氰胺分散酶、其编码基因和应用 。
close shop to try and control monetization and you can only rely on your own internal innovation machine & capital .	关闭商店尝试和控制动力 , 你只能依靠自己的内部创新机械和资本 。
it might be possible to get those same restrictedcalorie benefits from parttime dieting , the researchers said .	研究人员说 , 可能会得到相同的限制卡路里的利益来自部分饮食 。
the relief effort wasn't enough to get assembly lines restarted elsewhere , however .	然而 , 救援努力不足以得到组装线的其他地方重新启动 。
address: room 201 , 4th block , ceramics research insitrute , fengxi road , chaozhou , china .	地址:201 , 4th块 , 陶瓷研究始始始 , 凤西路 , 潮州 , 中国 。
a palladium phthalocyaninepvc membrane electrode for thiocyanate ion was prepared .	制备了一种用于甲酸盐离子的平行磷酸盐膜电极 。
the stub and skeleton objects also take care of beginning and committing containermanaged transactions .	stub和skeleton对象也需要关心开始和委托容器管理事务 。
and i will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth , blood , and fire , and pillars of smoke .	我会在天堂和地球、血液和火焰中心怀疑 。
since the beginning of the new century , the beginning of the largescale introduction of this subject .	自新世纪开始以来 , 本课题的大规模介绍开始 。
he founded an authentic transaction network for famous chinese modern paintings and calligraphies in 2004 .	他在2004年建立了一家著名的中国现代绘画和书法的真正交易网络 。
communication with inotify is established through a system call . the available functions are as follows	通过系统调用 , 建立了与inotify的通信 , 可用函数如下 。
sleepwalking is one of the disturbances of consciousness that fall in the scope of psychopaths .	睡眠行走是心理病学范围下降的意识障碍之一 。
a: those who entered china illegally have violated china's law . they should be handled by china according to the law .	答:根据法律 , 进入中国的非法违法行为的人 , 应当按照中国的法律处理 。
and the blood test is reliable as early as seven weeks into the pregnancy , whereas ultrasound is not .	血液试验早在怀孕7周内可靠 , 而超声也不可靠 。
psc media also increased the amount and the caliber of blood vessel in cam model in vivo .	psc介质也增加了cm模型血管的数量和cliber 。
now read the text , have rarely been touched , and enjoy the film , often tears in your eyes .	现在 , 阅读文本 , 很少被触摸 , 享受电影 , 常在眼睛里泪 。
failing that , his wife will have a sizable dossier with evidence of infidelity to confront him with .	失败这一点 , 他的妻子将会有一个可行的剂量 , 证据证据证明 , 面对他 。
the key is embolic infarction is a focal change , whereas autolytic change is global and diffuse .	关键是实现的梗阻是一个焦点变化 , 而且自动变化是全球和扩散 。
i hope shasha's classmates or friends coming abroad can read your essays if possible .	我希望沙沙沙的同学或来国的朋友可以阅读您的文章 。
the catv graphical components library , which this paper introduces , is just the base of the aided software .	本文介绍了catv图形组件库 , 只是援助软件的基础 。
but the milk is full of white blood cells that thicken and make the milk go bad more quickly .	但是 , 牛奶充满了厚的白细胞 , 使牛奶变得更快 。
also , cooking and edible quality were mostly determined by gca of restorers and sca of f1combinations .	同时 , 烹饪和食用质量主要由f-1组合的gca和sca决定 。
the technique supports euclidean distance measure and lshift euclidean distance measure .	这种技术支持欧氏距离测量和ls移欧氏距离测量 。
" cerasomes were designed as a therapeutic alternative to common chemotherapeutics , " said kester .	克斯特说: " 宫颈切除术是一种治疗常见化疗的替代方式 。 "
the average price for gasoline was down 7 cents at $3 . 70 per gallon in the latest week .	汽油价格平均下跌7美分 , 每周最近3.70美元 。
when her bitter ready to surrender , and found that all video clip in locked in the record has been force than the ;	当她准备下降的时候 , 发现所有的视频剪辑在记录中锁定的所有视频剪辑比起来的力量要多 ;
of course you can buy some unlocked phones right nowbut it's usually a niche way of operating . .	当然你可以购买一些未锁定的电话 , 但是它通常是一个运行的方法 。
experiments showed the effect of metal ions on the shape , size and surface structure of lipid rafts .	实验表明 , 金属离子对脂肪植物的形状、尺寸和表面结构的影响 。
" if i started all from scratch in the united states , i would have spent much more time looking for funding , " jiang said .	" 如果我从美国开始 , 我就花了很多时间去寻找资金 , " 江说 。
if there is a neurological disparity between the genders , it could explain important behavioral differences .	如果患者之间存在神经差异 , 它就可以解释重要行为差异 。
objective discussing the clinic application value of dry chemistry test paper method and urine deposit mirror inspecting method .	目的探讨干化学试验方法和尿沉积镜检测方法的临床应用价值 。
resulting assumption: i am a great employee and make a significant contribution to my team	结果:我是一名伟大的员工 , 为我的团队提供了重要贡献 。
this journal has the right to select and publish the writings and pictures published in this journal .	本期刊有权选择并发布在本期刊发布的写作和图片 。
articke 12 the rate leviable on the smallscale taxpayers goo ds or taxable services shall be 6% .	第12条小规模的纳税人退税人或可纳税服务的利率应当是6% 。
the motor function in the two groups was markedly improved after treatment , especially in treatment group .	两组电机功能明显提高 , 特别是治疗组 。
droughts spread through the subtropics , accompanied by heatwaves and intense wildfires .	干旱通过亚热带传播 , 伴随着热波和强烈的野火 。
i like a picture which john lennon and yoko ono hugging , they are like a smooth circle .	我喜欢一张约翰·莱昂和约翰·莱昂的照片 , 他们就像一个光滑的圆形 。
his mop of black hair and silverrimmed glasses make him a dead ringer for harry potter .	他的头发和银色的玻璃 , 使他成为哈利波特的死戒指 。
a letter generally mails to americaeuropeafrica by airmail . first 20 grams is 20 yuan .	一封信通常邮件到美国的非洲电子邮件 。 第一20克的邮件是20元 。
zakah is a portion of one's wealth that must be given to the poor or to other specified causes .	扎卡是一个财富的一部分 , 必须给穷人或其他指定的原因 。
so what happens almost instantaneously after the collision , the electron up here falls back down .	因此 , 碰撞后几乎发生了什么 , 电子在这里倒下来 。
what's this ? this is what it looks like when you stand at the foot of one of the giant junipers at mount lala .	这是什么 ? 这看起来像你站在拉拉拉的脚下看起来是什么样的 。
breathable leather interior aids in wicking moisture away from your feet so they stay healthy and dry .	可呼吸的皮革内部援助 , 使它们保持健康和干燥 。
she feeds the orphaned calf three to four times a day , the same amount an infant requires in a day .	她每天喂了三到四次 , 同样的婴儿需要一天 。
to the best of our knowledge , brain capillary telangiectasia rarely has been previously reported by swi .	对于我们最好的知识来说 , 大脑毛细管天线炎很少被瑞士报告 。
ann: look , this news is about a post80s girl who spent 3000 yuan for her dog's birth .	安妮:看 , 这个消息在80年代的女孩花了3000元 , 为她的狗出生 。
used the er graph tool to design the system information model , and has constructed the system database physical information model .	利用er图工具设计系统信息模型 , 建立了系统数据库物理信息模型 。
no flooding on our way up to the land , but here and there in the mountain area are fallen branches on the road .	在我们的路上没有洪水 , 但在这里 , 山区的山区也落在路上 。
frame of manufacturing management layer and supervisory control layer network system make out subsection .	制造管理层的框架和监督控制层网络系统做出了补贴 。
results and conclusion the present laboratory examinations do not show obvious help for the early diagnosis of bmt .	结果与结论本实验室检查对bmt早期诊断有明显的帮助 。
and the designed sensor can also be used to measure some other types of linear displacement or rotation angle .	而设计的传感器也可以用来测量其他类型的线性位移或旋转角 。
analysis about some phenomenon of using characters of bronze inscriptions in the han dynasty .	分析汉代铜描述的一些现象 。
there are some different pt conditions between the west and east of the southern area to the chonglichicheng large fracture .	重城大裂缝西部和东部的pt条件有不同的pt条件 。
schoolrunning strategy: adapt actively , advance moderately , and develop independently .	学校运行策略:积极适应 , 进步 , 独立发展 。
the formula is therefore considered as available to the calculation of drawing force on tube sinking .	因此 , 该公式被认为是可用来计算在管道上绘制力的计算 。
the value to set is a reference to either a java . lang . object , or a subclass thereof .	集合值是一个java.lang.对象或子类的参考 。
the national collegiate athletic association governs college sports in the united states .	国家高校运动协会在美国举办大学体育活动 。
" you mean the people who live in the big house next door , don't you ? " asked one of the girls .	" 你意味着那些住在大房子里的人 , 不要你 ? " 一个女孩问道 。
my husband's first coaching experience was with a juniorhighschool basketball team .	我丈夫的第一次教练经验是一支高中的篮球队 。
objective to study the clinical features and treatment of traumatic cerebral intraventricular hemorrhage .	目的探讨创伤性脑室出血的临床特点及治疗 。
there are defects such as wash , blowhole , dispersed shrinkage in the butterfly type valve .	如洗净、吹孔等缺陷 , 分散在蝴蝶型阀内 。
this amount increases each year you're here inline with inflation and subject to government regulations .	这个数额每年增加你在这里与政府的通货膨胀和主体联系在一起 。
the longterm causes of the cold war were fundamentally due to the ideological differences between east and west .	冷战的长期原因是由于东西与西方之间的思想差异 , 根本上是冷战的原因 。
one of the downsides of antidepressant pills is that they can take a long time to work — between two and eight weeks .	其中一个反抑郁剂丸的下面之一是 , 他们可以在两到八个星期之间进行长时间工作 。
i have a great relationship with him , even after the primavera game he called me wanting to know everything about my condition .	我和他有一个很好的关系 , 即使在他打电话之后 , 他打电话给我了解我的条件 。
the society of boys' centres is the main beneficiary of a scholarship & development fund set up by us .	男孩中心的社会是美国建立学术发展基金的主要利益 。
in this paper , the construction management of the modern landscape greening project is analyzed in this paper .	本文分析了现代景观希腊工程建设管理 。
guangzhou city people's congress , canton canton ya huang yongguang said school principals .	广州人民国会 , 华盛顿广东黄永广说 , 学校主任 。
objective :to establish a quality control of compound tetracaine hydrochloride gel newly prepared .	目的:建立新制备的复合四氯酸盐凝胶质量控制 。
rooms divided into standard rooms , deluxe rooms , single rooms , all kinds of suites .	房间分为标准房间 , 豪华房间 , 单房间 , 各种套套房 。
objective:to investigate the bacteria infection and drug resistance state in the medical intensive care unit .	目的:探讨细菌感染和耐药状态在医疗强度护理单位 。
objective to investigate the absorption kinetics of ligustrazine at different intestine segments in rats .	目的探讨不同肠道分泌在大鼠肠道分泌中的吸收动力学 。
i could smell the fresh , wonderful scent of devil's hole , the water , the moss , the laurel .	我可以闻到新鲜 , 精彩的魔鬼洞 , 水 , 摩西 , 劳拉尔 。
returned to south koreas ginger both smoke and willow township enjoy the two people in love time .	回到韩国南方 , 烟雾和威廉镇都享受爱时期的两个人 。
so this is just the idea that the most electrons that you can have in a single orbital is two electrons .	所以 , 这只是你可以在单轨道上拥有最多的电子的想法 。
forget about level surfaces , forget about standing back , and just pick up your quadrotor and throw it .	忘记关于水平表面 , 忘记记站在后面 , 只要拿起四分之一 , 扔掉它 。
" docking " means that adequate information sharing , mutual understanding and the parallel development of same period .	" 码头 " 意味着 , 足够的信息共享 , 互相理解和同时期的平行发展 。
blue roses also have mythical qualities because until the japanese discovery they were impossible to grow .	蓝玫瑰也有神话质量 , 因为直到日本发现他们不可能生长 。
just before we left , the husband told me he and his wife had moved in 34 years ago , right before they got married .	就在我们离开之前 , 丈夫告诉我 , 他和妻子在34年前搬到了 , 就在他们结婚之前 。
trapped in a crowd , the music is loud . i said i love my freedom too , now i'm not sure i do .	我说我也喜欢我的自由 , 现在我不确定我做的 。
for an invention to be patentable it must not be obvious 'to one of ordinary skill in the art' .	为了发明专利 , 它不能明显 " 对于艺术的普通技巧之一 。
on may 5th , leonard stringfield releases and article in batavia , illinois about aliens .	五月五日 , 莱昂纳德字符串发布和文章在巴塔维亚 , 伊利诺伊 。
st lucia is clearly an island on the move ; one can only hope that it will retain its unspoilt charm .	圣卢西亚明显是一个岛屿 , 一个人只能希望它能保持它的无pot魅力 。
please maintain clean environment , turn off cellular phone and b . b . call , prepare .	请维持清洁的环境 , 关闭手机和b.b.调用 , 准备 。
moreover , the treatment efficiency of hpac was better than which of traditional pac or aluminum sulfate .	此外 , hpac的治疗效率优于传统的pc或铝硫酸铝 。
what value can songbird add if the user navigates from a music blog to cnn ? probably none .	如果用户从音乐博客导航到cnn中添加了什么值 ?
i was just in denmark , and it occurred to me there’s not a hint of a big gulp society there .	我只是在丹麦 , 就发生在我那里 , 没有一个大古尔普社会 。
to deal with the increasing load of idp , it is essential to implement load balance based on cluster .	为了处理idp的增加 , 基于集群实现负载平衡是必要的 。
but in the presence of so violent a temptation , reason vanished ; nothing remained but instinct .	但在那么暴力的现状下 , 原因变化了 , 没有什么依然是本能 。
it is great to be here in the same time as the irish group . that gives us a new perspective about the way to work with ceramics .	与爱尔兰集团一样 , 这给我们一个新的视角 , 与陶瓷一起工作 。
first , service premium is a key issue of credit market with the transition from shortage economy to surplus one .	首先 , 服务前提是信用市场的关键问题 , 从短缺经济转移到超过一个 。
she worry you listen , but didn t also way , then she saw the northsouth and mis blue , said later .	她担心你听了 , 但还没有办法 , 然后她看到北方和蓝军 。
she saw it through a mist of fancya pale , sombre halflight , which was the essence of poetic feeling .	她看见了它在迷幻的面包里面有一半的光芒 , 这是诗歌感觉的本质 。
but change enough words , though it is only one at a time , and your thought ends up dead just the same .	但是 , 改变足够的词 , 虽然只有一段时间 , 你的思想就会结束死亡 。
evidently two of the girls there had an altercation and one pushed the other off the wharf and into the water .	显然 , 两个女孩中有一个改变 , 另一位女孩推出了另外一位女孩 , 进入水中 。
the sunset glow floods the inlet of the river , blending with the hues on the horizon , and me .	太阳光闪烁着河流的进口 , 混合在地平线上 , 和我一起 。
one pair may not fit inside all of your shoes , so you may want separate orthotics for dress shoes or sports .	一对可能不适合你的鞋子内部 , 所以你可能想要分开穿鞋或运动的正畸学 。
he then surrendered to guards and handed over a letter , but details of his particular plight were not made known .	然后他又向卫报告 , 然而 , 他的细节并不被人所知 。
add to this ideas promulgated by religious groups in which transgressive sex is sinful even as a fantasy .	加入宗教团体的这一想法 , 即使是一个幻想 。
a sponge that absorbs c02 and boosts hydrogen fuel production , said an australian researcher .	澳大利亚研究人员说 , 吸收c02和提高氢燃料生产 。
ralph sings , norton plays " swanee river " and then " melancholy serenade " fast tempo .	拉尔夫歌曲 , 诺顿扮演 " 天鹅河 " , 然后 " 黑圣灵魂 " 快速的温泉 。
the transaction mechanism and the system will be maintained by the company , the proxy stores , retailers old sales .	交易机制和系统将由公司、代理商店、零售商旧销售保持 。
to use the period inventory system effectively , the manager must be able to control inventory by visual inspection .	为了有效地使用周期库存系统 , 必须通过视觉检查来控制库存 。
but i say unto you , that it shall be more tolerable for the land of sodom in the day of judgment , than for thee .	但我对你说 , 要比判断当天的苏格兰地更容忍 。
it's a sentiment once professed for every artist from shaun cassidy to paul mccartney .	这是一次为了每个艺术家从山东到保罗麦卡特尼教授的感情 。
the cost savings are enormous , and the timetomarket for new applications or functionality is greatly improved .	新应用程序或功能性的时间市场大大提高了成本节省 。
out went suits in favour of the opennecked shirts that mr lafley usually sports .	出去适合拉弗莱先生的开放式衬衫 , 通常是运动的 。
thenthe optimal driving curve under the conditions of matching and linear voltage control is derived .	然后在匹配和线性电压控制条件下推导了最佳驱动曲线 。
suddenly , huan zang could not control himself but began to laugh with his beloved wife and adorable babies .	突然 , 胡安不能控制自己 , 但开始笑着他爱的妻子和可爱的婴儿 。
i knew how hard dad worked to scrape together enough money for my accordion and lessons .	我知道爸爸怎么努力一起工作 , 为了我的承认和教训 , 我知道爸爸是怎么做的 。
get some pliers or something to hold the hinge with and hammer lightly at the hinge . do so for both hinges .	让一些快乐或有些东西放在铰链上 , 轻轻轻地挂在铰链上 。 为了两个铰链 。
gentleness is a sharp sword . gentleness is a latent power which can let all the people submit themselves to it .	温柔的剑是一个尖锐的剑 , 温柔的是一种潜在的力量 , 让所有人都提交自己 。
both in theory and in practice , ethics and the economy have become irreconcilable opposites .	在理论和实践中 , 道德和经济都变得不可再相反 。
for me it is a very dangerous if i didn't have any ready to enter for the exam , i will get a bad grade .	对于我来说 , 如果我没有准备进入考试的话 , 我会得到一个坏的年级 。
but the twotime academy award winner is also one of hollywood's highest profile christians .	但这两次的学术奖金也是好莱坞最高的基督徒之一 。
number two , pointer dereferencing starts at the pointer and follows its arrow over to access its pointee .	数字二 , 指针导导导向开始在指针上 , 并遵循箭头访问指针 。
it is believed that on december 21st , 1891 , the first basketball game in history was played .	相信在12月21日 , 1891年12月21日 , 历史上第一场篮球比赛 。
in the wake of the midterms , he has voiced a willingness to work with the republicans in congress .	在中期醒来的时候 , 他声称了与国会共和党人一起工作的愿意 。
japan's is far greater , yet the yen has become one of the safe havens for those fleeing the dollar .	日本远远大 , 但日元已经成为那些逃离美元的安全性之一 。
the land they're squatting on has arable tracts , trees , hills to the west and natural springs .	他们正在坐落在地上 , 树木 , 山到西部和自然春天 。
dr . jenningswhite has published many articles on the topic of organic chemistry and perfumery .	詹宁斯白博士在有机化学和香水方面发表了许多文章 。
michael:paulo ? i don't believe it . i thought he worked all the timelike my brother .	迈克尔:保罗 ? 我不相信 , 我以为他一直在工作 , 就像我哥哥一样 。
my sister has mistaken me for a mushroom . she keeps me in the dark and feeds me shit .	我的妹妹为一间蘑菇打错了我 , 她把我放在黑暗里 , 喂我 。
cardinal rosales praised the life of the “extraordinary” saint . “this is his home town .	" 圣 " 的生命是他的家乡 。
" it's only the malicious guys who have to worry about what happens once they submit a result , " livshits says .	" 这只是那些要担心一旦提交结果的事情的恶性家伙 。 " 利夫什特说 。
they made their way to the secondfloor store room , broke down the door and dressed themselves in officers' uniforms .	他们走到第二楼的商店里 , 打破了门 , 穿着衣服在军官的统一 。
the method of ontology merging based on fca can overcome the drawbacks of the traditional ontology merging methods .	基于fca的本体合并方法可以克服传统本体逻辑合并方法的抽象 。
hplc method for the determination of larginine in cefepime hydrochloride for injection was established .	建立了液相色谱法测定黄油在脑膜水氯化物中的测定方法 。
software process engineering metamodel is the standard specification that formally describes the software development processes .	软件过程元模型是正式描述软件开发过程的标准规范 。
for experience discussion of , the article introduces the thinking of a large number of preqin confucianism and taoism .	针对经验的讨论 , 介绍了大量预秦儒家和道教的思想 。
returning to the familiar kitchen he slides a knife along his letters , slitting out their folded information .	回到熟悉的厨房里 , 他在信上滑了一只刀 , 把它们的折叠的信息放出来 。
then the people of the land killed all who had plotted against king amon , and they made josiah his son king in his place .	然后 , 土地的人们杀死了所有的人 , 反对阿蒙王 , 他们使约西亚王在他的地方 。
ulta , another retail chain , was among the first to put mass and prestige offerings on the same selling floor .	ulta是另一个零售链之一 , 是首先把质量和压力放在同一个销售地板上 。
daguerre did not need to make money from the invention to live , since he had been pensioned by the french government .	大guerre不需要从发明到生活中赚钱 , 因为他曾经被法国政府支出 。
how can you tell people that eating the filets of a shark is fine , but eating the fins of that very same animal is not fine ?	你怎么能告诉人们 , 吃鲨鱼的文件很好 , 但吃的最后也不错 ?
for sensing air temperature under heavy loading appliances such as fan heater , hot air tunnel ...etc...	为了感觉空气温度 , 例如风机加热器、热空气隧道等 。
when power converters operate at boost mode , the lowvoltage side battery will discharge and provide power for dclink ;	当电力转换器在提高模式运行时 , 低压侧电池将放电并提供dclink的功率 ;
its downfall occurred in 1256 as a result of the expansion of the mongol empire into iran and syria .	它的下降发生在1256年 , 因此蒙古帝国扩张到伊朗和叙利亚 。
this paper has established a bistable region diagram and a boundary diagram of the failure to attenuating vibration .	本文建立了一个带状区域图 , 以及一个边界图来加强振动的失效 。
the contextual linkages of records should carry the information needed for an understanding of the transactions that created and used them .	记录的上下文链接应该对创建并使用它们的事务进行理解 。
in this hot summer , let your computer desktop has become full of fantasy , full of temptation to it !	夏天 , 让你的电脑桌面变得充满幻想 , 充满诱惑 !
micro electro mechanical systems multigranularity macromodeling nonstandard structure model order reduction ;	微型电子机械系统多重性宏模式非标准结构模型顺序降低 ;
aim to investigate the chemical constituents of the rhizomes of anemarrhena asphodeloides bunge .	目的探讨阿莫尔河纳沥青的化学成分 。
" before it happened i loved school , i loved everything about it , " redding , now 19 , said on cnn television .	" 在我喜欢学校之前 , 我喜欢一切关于它的东西 , " 红色 , 现在19岁 , 在cn电视上说 。
the space is dotted with various types of houses and tradesman 's workshops with their messy yards .	空间是用各种类型的房子和贸易员的工作坊和他们的消息院子做的 。
we also learnt about some local fauna including a toad in the family bufonidae which is toxic if eaten .	我们还学习了一些当地的范围 , 包括在家庭繁殖中 , 如果吃的话 , 就会有毒 。
but therein lies a danger the danger of assuming that tangible , quantifiablethings are all there is to an impasse .	然而 , 在那里 , 假设可变的危险中 , 量化的事情都是有冲击的 。
the construction theorem of regular semigroups with orthodox transversals was given by a simpler formal set .	通过简单的正式集 , 给出了常规半群的结构定理 。
qualitatively analyze the existing problem of the antenna height scanning for the eut with radiating characteristicsin the measurement method .	定量分析了天线高度扫描的存在问题 , 采用辐射特性测量方法 , 分析了天线高度扫描的存在问题 。
but we must remind our comrades that they must truly follow the spirit of the " may 7th directive " .	但我们必须提醒我们的同志 , 他们必须真正遵循 " 5月7日 " 的精神 。
young bloods are full of ambition and pride once they have collected their first trophy the skull of their kill .	年轻的血液充满了雄心和骄傲 , 一旦他们收集了他们的第一条裤子 。
tumbling this price positions significantly increase potential null layout has been positive .	把这种价格定位显著提高了潜在的null布局 。
the result testified the difference of antiinfection for nematodirus spp between poll dorset and mongolian sheep .	结果表明 , 花粉doret与蒙古羊之间的抗感染差异 。
" beyond the mountain's olive tree " , " little river up " , " village crossing " and others .	" 除了山下的橄榄树 " , " 小河 " 、 " 村庄交叉 " 和其他人 。
in a video image from new zealand's tvnz , men carry a wounded man after he is pulled from the rubble .	在来自新西兰的电视剧中 , 男子在他被拉出来后携带伤害的男人 。
in 1990 hazen took on a second position , as professor of earth science at george mason university .	1990年 , 乔治马逊大学地球科学教授接受了第二个职位 。
ozark's turkey farmers are not immune to the issues that are hurting farm communities everywhere .	ozark的土耳其农民并非免疫到任何地方都打击农场社区的问题 。
the alien seeds thus took roots , sprouted and grew into such big plantain trees on top of other trees .	因此 , 紫色种子在其它树顶上取得了根 , 分布和生长成这种大规划树 。
“the volksparteien are coming to an end , ” says peter l&ouml ; sche , a political scientist .	政治科学家彼得·l&ouml说: " 伏尔克斯分区来到一端 。 "
sediment samples collected from seven stations in xiamen western harbour were processed qualitatively and quantitatively .	定量地处理了厦门西部七个站的沉积样本 。
both succumbed to the temptations of drink and women , and had uneasy relations with the critics and the press .	两者都成功地结合了饮酒和妇女的诱惑 , 并且与批评家和新闻没有关系 。
dashboard receives contextual information from the focused application and uses it to query a selection of backend stores .	达什板从集中应用程序接收上下文信息 , 并使用它查询后端存储的选择 。
agv grandbase system is a set of software to control and manage many agvs to accomplish many material transit tasks .	agv爷爷基础系统是一组软件控制和管理许多gv来完成许多材料传输任务的软件 。
as the first chapter of book five begins , there is a drought in surrey which has prompted a hosepipe ban .	作为第五章开始的第一章 , 有一篇在海盗禁令中有一个药物 。
with convenient transportation:it's 220km from shanghai , 65km from hangzhou , 290km from ningbo .	运输方便:上海的220公里 , 来自杭州的65公里 , 290公里 。
when the swiss author robert walser created a portrait of a poet , he actually wrote a selfportrait .	当瑞士作家罗伯特·沃尔斯勒创造了一个诗人肖像时 , 他实际上写了一个自我肖像 。
everything you have thought , said , and done makes up the kind of person you are now , and also contains the seeds of your future .	你所想到的一切 , 说 , 做了你现在所做的那种人 , 也包含了你未来的种子 。
one terrorist nuke , assembled from stray exsoviet fissile material , can ruin your whole day .	一个恐怖分子nuke , 由strayexsovietfisile材料组成 , 可以破坏整个日子 。
afternoon listening to two friends talk about the past , think of " the dream into reality . " this paragraph of word .	下午听了两个朋友谈论过去 , 想到 " 梦想 " 的现实 。
the nature and characters of operations research , the knowledge system , the developing history , applications , functions in the business decisions .	运营研究的性质和特点 , 知识系统 , 开发史 , 应用程序 , 业务决策中的功能 。
" i'm a vampire , and i've been alive for over 500 years , " bensley said , according to erickson .	据埃里克森说: " 我是个吸血鬼 , 我已经活了500多年了 。 "
so does theresa may , who is under pressure to cut police numbers as a result of the austerity programme .	所以 , 五月份 , 在压力削减警察号码的情况下 , 所以 , 这个计划的结果是 。
well it came when elijah , the amazing prophet of the one and only god picked me to be a prophet like him after he died .	于是 , 当伊丽雅来到时 , 那个令人惊讶的先知 , 只有上帝在他死后就会像他一样去世 。
attending his reading , he said , were large numbers of hispanic people , 40 , 000 of whom lived in the same city .	他说 , 参加他的阅读 , 大量的西班牙人 , 400000人住在同一城市 。
in order to make sure , i think you should have a threeglass urine test made as well as an examination of the prostatic secretion .	为了确保 , 我认为你应该有三个玻璃尿试验 , 还要检查预后分泌 。
the school has minhang , yangpu two main campus , is now actively strive to build a new campus port .	这所学校有小张 , 杨浦两个主要校园 , 现在积极努力建立一个新的校园港口 。
the company has cable research institute with powerful technical strength and domestic advanced product r&d capability .	公司拥有电缆研究所 , 具有强大的技术力量和国内先进的产品r&d能力 。
wang condensation cold that lost touch with organizations , the white sea angel dumpling also admitted his revenge .	王凝结冷却 , 与组织失去联系 , 白海天使也承认了他的收入 。
therefore , it is critical that governments place investing in immunization high on their national health agendas .	因此 , 政府在对国家卫生议程的免疫高度投资是关键的 。
this paper presents the principle and methods for design and calculation of the deviationmeasuring mechanism of the inclinometer .	本文介绍了斜率计偏差测量机理的设计方法和计算方法 。
under the influence of welfare pluralism , community care has become one of main strategies of coping the problem .	在福利多元主义影响下 , 社区关怀已成为复制问题的主要战略之一 。
i actually jogged every day when i was in jail , and i took shower with cold water no matter if it was snowing oring .	实际上 , 我每天都在监狱里玩笑 , 我用冷水洗澡 , 无论是雪还是在 。
richclient documents can be saved to a persistent medium as new documents or as part of the data from which they originated .	丰富的文档可以被保存到一个持久的中介中 , 作为新的文档或是它们源自的数据的一部分 。
the chemical deburring solution features good stability , long service life and lower roughness of the treated steel surface .	化学负债解决方案具有良好的稳定性、服务寿命长、较低的处理钢表面粗糙度 。
he is supported by 4 junior ministers with specific responsibilites , who are also elected politicians .	他支持4名高级部长负责人 , 他也选举了政治家 。
housing activists and scholars said this electionyear bill will ease , but not end , the housing crisis .	住宅活动家和学者说 , 这个选举年期账单会轻松 , 但不会结束 , 房屋危机 。
jillian's goal is to capture the best portrait she can within that timeframe and your job is to assist her in doing so .	吉利安的目标是抓住她能在那个时间框架内的最好的肖像 , 你的工作就是帮助她这样做 。
mr evans says that from now on immigration will play a bigger role in the “structure of australia’s workforce” .	埃文斯先生说 , 从现在的移民中 , 将会在 " 澳大利亚的工作力 " 结构上发挥更大的作用 。
it is a very sobering responsibility to know that you are preparing for the future , china's next generation of leaders .	这是一个非常令人震惊的责任 , 知道你正在为未来准备好 , 中国的下一代领导人 。
this loss embitters humans , and they have a warlike view of diplomacy — swing first , ask questions later .	这个失去的嵌入者 , 他们有一个警告的外交视图------------------------------------------------
core plate strengthening soft soil base is with the characteristics of rapid speed , better effect and easy construction .	核心板加强软土基础是随着快速速、效果好、施工方便的特点 , 具有较好的特点 。
for example , mindtree consulting was founded 1999 in anticipation of the very threats that have now materialised .	例如 , 19999年 , 心理树咨询成立了1999年的期待 , 目前已有的材料化的非常威胁 。
it is 50 times bigger than the original one and covers 240 sqm the equivalent area of 22 london buses .	这比原来的50倍大 , 覆盖240sqm等价面积22伦敦公交车的等价面积 。
but god not only forgives the past , he clothes you in righteousness as though you had never committed a sin .	但上帝不仅原谅过去 , 他穿着你正义的衣服 , 尽管你从来没有犯罪 。
watching people cling to6 each other , crying , and holding each other in that last embrace makes me appreciate what i have even more .	看着人们互相关闭6人 , 哭泣 , 在那最后一次的时候 , 让我欣赏我更多的东西 。
delayed coke is a quite mature processing technic , and it is looked as an ordinary means of deepprocess .	延迟焦是一种非常成熟的加工技术 , 它看起来是一种普通的深度处理方法 。
at the peak of the housing boom in 2005 , sales of both existing and new homes were running at twice the 1976 rate .	在2005年房屋的高峰上 , 销售现有和新房子的销售都在1976年的两倍 。
methods: 6 sb patients and 8 normal persons were monitored with polysomnography during the whole night .	方法:对6例sb患者及8例正常人进行全晚监测 。
and her boys , were they getting on well at belvedere ? was that so ? father conmee was very glad indeed to hear that .	她的男孩 , 他们在贝尔维尔很好吗 ? 那么 ? 父亲对此很高兴的听到了 。
nonmedical use of prescription drugs was also more common in the 5059 age group than in the 60andover age group .	非医疗用药在5059岁的年龄组中也比6000岁的年龄组更普遍 。
the distinguished chinese guests , it is certainly in the fundamental interest of our people to trade and be friend with chinese people .	中国客人对中国人民的基本利益和朋友来说 , 中国人民的贸易和友谊是一定的 。
we can also guess that such a toothbrush may hurt the man’s teeth as well as his mood , inconveniencing him greatly .	我们还可以猜测 , 这样的牙刷可能会伤害人类的牙齿和他的情绪 , 很大程度上不便于他 。
but an overconfident lee thought that , having reinforced both flanks , meade would be weak in the center .	但是 , 一个过度信心的李思想 , 加强了两个平坦 , 梅德在中心的弱 。
vanilla , being the most popular flavor , was in a separate case at the front of the store for quick pickup .	范尼拉 , 成为最受欢迎的风味 , 是在商店前面的独立案例 。
women over thirty and/or women who are divorced have an almost leperlike status in chinese dating culture .	离婚的女性在中国约会文化中几乎有一样的地位 。
people familiar with these moors often miss their road on such evenings ; and i can tell you there is no chance of a change at present .	人们熟悉这些母亲通常在这样的晚上错过他们的路 ; 我可以告诉你目前没有机会变化 。
sexy tianjin is a new shellfish tv show about love , lust , youth culture and street life in china's city .	性天津是一部关于爱情、幸运、青年文化和街道生活在中国城市的新壳鱼电视剧 。
and then i heard the news on tv screen , the death roll is now 21 , 000 and over 100 , 000 injured .	然后我听到电视屏上的消息 , 死亡卷现在21 , 000多人受伤 。
experimental results showed that eg inserted into the cellar char with a " worm " like structure after it was expanded .	实验结果表明 , 在扩展后 , eg插入到细胞查询中 , 与 " 蠕虫 " 相似 。
insincere answer could be more natural just as the versatile golf player waves his arms at pleasure .	自然答案可以更加自然 , 因为高尔夫球员在快乐的时候挥动他的手臂 。
other kinds of corn have less water and do not pop . when you heat a seed of corn , the water inside makes the corn explode .	其他种玉米有较少的水 , 没有流行 。 当你加热玉米时 , 内部的水使玉米爆炸 。
chemical in red wine , fruits and vegetables stops cancer , heart disease , depending on the dose	红酒、水果和蔬菜停止癌症、心脏疾病的化学物质依赖剂量 。
i had never realized i could spend so much before i got going on this adventure , now i have to live on my credit card for a while .	我从来没有意识到我在这次冒险之前花了太多钱 , 现在我必须一段时间住在信用卡上 。
are the responsibilities of each committee clearly defined ? do these definitions meet the needs of the district ?	每个委员会的责任明确定义 ? 这些定义符合区的需要 ?
one application the researchers envision for the camera is flow cytometry , a technique used for blood analysis .	其中一个应用于相机的研究人员环境是流式细胞仪 , 一种用于血液分析的技术 。
he had promised , he said , to “maintain the confidence and preserve inviolate” the secrets of his client .	他承诺说 , " 为了获得信心和保护邀请 " 客户的秘密 。
in the paper the structure of dnb was introduced , and the theory of negative high voltage power supply was stressed .	介绍了dnb的结构 , 强调了负电源供电理论 。
but how to standard conduct neuropsychological assess scale of pocd is no consensus currently .	但如何标准进行神经病理评估范围的标准是目前没有一致的 。
every time i ask her for advice , she is always ready to help , and explains to my full satisfaction .	每当我问她建议时 , 她总是准备好帮助 , 解释了我的满意 。
this versatile dual scanner has two pairs of output lines which makes it suitable for a wide variety of uses .	这种多样的双扫描仪具有两对输出线 , 使得它适用于各种使用 。
if you treat bschool like an amazing educational experience , chances are you'll get a lot out of it .	如果你像一个令人惊讶的教育经验一样 , 那么你就会得到很多的机会 。
britain withdrew an invitation to the ambassador from syria over violence against protesters there .	英国驻叙利亚大使邀请来自叙利亚暴力反对抗抗议者 。
i retorted angrily: “their vocal cord sounds as if it was kissed by god , without any hurt . ”	我愤怒地回忆道: " 听起来像上帝亲吻的话 , 没有伤害 。 "
but subsequently they had quarrels and combats with the natives , of whom they killed a considerable number .	但是随后 , 他们与土地相关的地方战斗 , 他们杀死了相当多的数字 。
the research study was thoroughly developed in the guiyang senior high school and obtained the remarkable result .	本研究在贵阳高中开发 , 获得了显著的结果 。
he got petya transferred from obolensky's regiment to bezuhov's , which was in formation near moscow .	他从奥巴伦斯基的政权转移到贝州霍夫的 , 这是在莫斯科附近形成的 。
strengthen intelligenceled operations , including the use of strategic undercover and covert operations .	加强智能化的操作 , 包括使用战略底下和覆盖操作 。
the second part is an introduction of the background of the english schoolbased curriculum development in our school .	第二部分是我校英语课程发展的背景 。
the dream is to be inmorpheuswhen , a few not by complete lowkey coriaceous cell group working place causes .	梦想是不知怎么样的 , 几个不完成低密钥的珊瑚细胞组工作的地方 。
the chinese premier also visited the luanda general hospital , a social welfare project funded by china .	中国总理还访问了罗德达通用医院 , 一个由中国资助的社会福利项目 。
another example is changing the location of a table space container , which can also be done using backup and restore .	另一个例子正在改变表空间容器的位置 , 它也可以使用备份和恢复来完成 。
he believed that , without causing damage to the mansion of business name brand , but will enhance their clout .	他相信 , 没有导致商业名牌的改造 , 但不会提高他们的衣服 。
mercator's world is a bimonthly magazine on the exploration , discovery , and mapping of earth and space .	mercator的世界是一部关于探索、发现和地球和空间映射的双月杂志 。
the euricase will run you $198 . 95 and transferring video and images is done by usb from your computer .	欧元酶将运行198.95美元 , 转换视频和图像是由usb从您的计算机中完成的 。
an investigation of foraminifera was conducted in the last glacial loess along the coast of the bohai sea .	在波海沿海沿海沿海的最后一次冰川损失的调查中 , 进行了一项调查 。
tests are similar to recent actual gres in length , question types , and degree of difficulty .	测试类似于最近实际的长度、问题类型和难度 。
the paper compares the economical efficiency of the vrv heat pump air condition system to the traditional heating systems .	比较了vrv热泵空调系统对传统加热系统的经济效率 。
the film is an american version of a two thousand eight french thriller called " pour elle . "	这部电影是美国版本的两千八个法国的刺激器叫做 " 波尔埃尔 " 。
20 the lampstands of pure gold with their lamps , to burn in front of the inner sanctuary as prescribed ;	用灯具的灯具 , 用灯具燃烧在内部的圣殿前面 ;
there were many taoist sects in the t'ang dynasty , in which , the shangqing sect had the most important influence .	唐代有许多道教学界 , 其中 , 上清地区有最大的影响 。
the development of commodity economy has given birth to the popular of christmas and other foreignfestival .	商品经济的发展 , 给出了圣诞节和其他外国节带来的流行 。
xu song in " a little knowledge of xinjiang " in the show every side of the ideological governance .	徐歌在 " 新疆小学 " 的一面知识 , 展示了思想治理的每一面 。
the date of the first soaking rain in spring sowing period of liaoning province is of obvious inter decadal characteristics .	辽宁省春季抽水期的第一次抽水雨日期是明显的十年间特征 。
all ssaa inc . instructors have attained the certificate 4 in workplace training and assessment .	所有ssac.insa指南都在工作场所培训和评估中获得了证书4 。
" we could have given this money to the people in the camps in darfur , to the vaccine for aids , " ibrahim said .	伊布拉希姆说: " 我们可以把这笔钱给达尔福的营地 , 到达尔夫的疫苗 。 "
see , us thumbslummers and boxjumpers , we get a little puckish when it comes to cars , you know ?	看看 , 美国拇指和拳击手 , 我们在车上时得到了很少的惩罚 , 你知道吗 ?
who can know that your eyelids have not been touched with lampblack ? for your eyes are darker than rainclouds .	谁能知道你的眼睑没有触摸到灯光黑色 ? 因为你的眼睛比雨云更黑 。
and in the middle , you have a large number of " maybes " who seem like they might just be able to contribute something .	在中间 , 你有很多 " 也许 " 的 " 可能 " , 看起来似乎只是能够贡献一些东西 。
is a change in the database manager or database configuration the reason for a bottleneck , such as a sort overflow ?	数据库管理器或数据库配置的变更是瓶颈的原因 , 例如一个超流 ?
objective: to investigate the risk of cerebral infarction of patients with type 2 diabetes and control methods .	目的:探讨2型糖尿病患者脑梗死的风险及控制方法 。
as soups in this cookbook are mildly nutritious , they are , therefore , suitable to be consumed all the year round .	因此 , 由于这本烹饪书里的汤很冷的营养 , 它们是很好的 , 因此 , 适合全年的消费 。
resultsthe gestational age at delivery and birthweight were significantly smaller in severe group than that in mild one .	结果交付和出生重量的妊娠年龄明显低于严重组 。
president bush has chosen a cubanborn business executive to be his new secretary of commerce .	布什总统选举了一家出生的商务执行官 , 成为他的新商务部长 。
although it's bad that i couldn't have rice as my lunch , i could still get by with those noodles and dumplings .	虽然很糟糕的是 , 我不能吃饭 , 但我仍然可以用这些面条和饺子来得到 。
last july , bpp was given degreeawarding powers , which meant it was allowed to call itself a university college .	去年7月 , bpp被授予学位权 , 这意味着它被允许叫做大学 。
i published my first chinese article in 1979 , but writing in earnest did not begin until the fall of 1983 .	我在1979年发表了我的第一篇文章 , 但在1983年秋至今没有开始写作 。
when you can take a step back and begin to understand why things are happening , you can look for the positive aftermath .	当你可以回来的时候 , 开始了解为什么事情正在发生 , 你可以寻找积极的后math 。
this means you have to fight if you want to stay skilled , and gives less incentive to rest while your fiefs give income .	这意味着 , 如果你想留下技能 , 那么你就必须打斗 , 而且在你的财务给予收入时 , 就会减少激励 。
rose of silver up the home , but in order to travel , therefore with guodong no instant returned to jiaming ;	为了旅行 , 郭东没有瞬间回到嘉明 ;
new standards in various industries , including healthcare , have prompted development of xmlenabled applications .	各种行业的新标准 , 包括卫生保险 , 已经促进了xmlend应用程序的发展 。
if you've made a serious mistake , if you've hurted others or yourself , it's of no use to feel guilty .	如果你犯了严重的错误 , 如果你受伤了别人或自己 , 那就没有用来感受罪恶 。
a host or service is determined to have stopped flapping when its percent state goes below a low flapping threshold .	主机或服务决定在低于低折叠阈值的时候停止闪烁 。
the variable coefficients , the solution itself and its normal flux may be discontinuous across the interface .	可变系数 , 解决方案本身和其正常流量可能是在接口上不连续的 。
aim to investigate the in vitro and in vivo stability of 9nitrocamptothecin lactone form in rat plasma .	目的探讨大鼠血浆中9硝基霉素乳酮的体外稳定性 。
it should send parents — and pediatricians , educators and psychologists — looking for ways to help .	它应该发送父母和儿科学家、教育家和心理学家-寻找帮助方式 。
at the first outset , heavy , miry ground and a matted , marish vegetation , greatly delayed our progress ;	第一次出口 , 重 , 米里地面和一匹匹配 , 玛丽的植被 , 大延迟了我们的进步 ;
dado: in classical architecture , the plain portion of the pedestal of a column , between the base and the cornice .	爸爸:在古典建筑中 , 柱子的平原部分 , 基地和玉米之间的平原部分 。
shahin was a mechanic , this was his workshop , and there was a tattered mattress inside a tiny room at the back .	沙林是一只机械 , 这是他的工作室 , 还有一个小的房间里面有个小的事情 。
chang an received the news , not only did not escape , but wearing a suit , ready to rescue their parents .	换了一封收到的消息 , 不仅没有逃避 , 还是穿着一套衣服 , 准备好拯救他们的父母 。
he captures the shantytowns where a billion people live now , and where three billion are expected to be living by 2050 .	他在那里捕捉了数十亿人住在那里 , 预计到2050年 , 三十亿人住在那里 。
some counties in midwest america have declared a state of emergency due to rainstorms and tornadoes .	一些美国中西部的一些国家已经宣布由于雨雨和火炬引起的紧急状态 。
gossip: spotted nate archibald learning you don't know a good thing till it's gone and found someone else .	戈西西:找到了纳特阿尔巴德学习你不知道一件好事 , 直到它走了 , 找到别人 。
conclusion lidocaine combined with dexamethasone could prevent the phlebitis caused by doctaxol .	结论利多卡因与德克萨米沙松相结合 , 可以防止药物毒素引起的phlebitis 。
two people wake up , suddenly see jun with spring flowers and adopted by who came and said to search for bingyin .	两个人醒来 , 突然看到了春花的俊俊 , 由谁来到了谁 , 说去寻找平阴 。
she muttered nonsense , silent moon shed a soft light , projected on the ground out of a circle .	她突然不感觉 , 沉默的月亮掩盖了一个柔软的光 , 投影在地面上 。
leaders , distinguished guests , ladies and gentlemen , all the employees of jinghua , good afternoon !	领导人 , 优秀的客人 , 女士和绅士 , 所有的员工都在明华 , 下午好 !
the typical lijiang spruce forest is hardly to see in the lashihai region because of the human's impact on it .	由于人类对人类的影响 , 由于人类的影响 , 利江空间森林几乎很难看到拉希海地区 。
in fact , burros in the wild are related to pack animals that ran away or were freed by gold miners and others .	事实上 , 野生的爆炸与包动物相关 , 或者由黄金矿工和其他矿工提供免费 。
archeologists surmise that the gardens were laid out atop a vaulted building , with provisions for raising water .	考古学家们猜测花园在建筑上建立了一座积极的建筑 , 为提高水的规定 。
will the arctic be a 21st century sarajevo , triggering a major war over energy resources ?	北极将是21世纪萨拉杰夫 , 在能源资源上触发一个主要战争 ?
yueyue’s unexpected death has revived a fierce international debate over good samaritan laws .	岳岳岳的未期待死亡已受到了一场激烈的国际争论 , 对于三马利亚法律的争论 。
the principle , manufacture and application of periodically poled lithium niobate are introduced in detail .	详细介绍了周期极化锂的原理、制造及应用 。
overcome by grief and dementia , leoric had many of the townsfolk executed for the crime of high treason .	克服悲伤和痴呆症 , 莱奥里奇有许多城市民间对高原因犯罪行为执行 。
result the membrane filtration avoided interference of media by using isopropyl myristate as solvent .	结果采用异丙烯神经酯作为溶剂 , 采用异丙烯神经过滤法避免介质的干扰 。
in1893 , at the age of 27 , he reports on an illumination method he has devised for photomicrography .	1893年 , 在27岁的时候 , 他报道了他为光学设计的照明方法 。
thereby the significance of these poems to her was made very clear , and readers may benefit from her experiences .	因此 , 这些诗的意义很清楚 , 读者可能会从她的经验中获益 。
the making home affordable program aims to prevent up to 4 , 000 , 000foreclosureforeclosures .	制定家庭可靠的程序目标是防止400000000个封闭的预防 。
in fact , gaseous velocity and pressure in a cross section change in radial and circumferential direction .	实际上 , 在径向和圆偏向的交叉截面变化中气速和压力的变化 。
therefore , if you spend 2 hours in classroom training and evaluation , each student would earn 0 . 2 ceu .	因此 , 如果你在课堂训练和评估中花了2个小时 , 每个学生都会赚0.2英元 。
accurate dft studies of the static dipole polarizabilities of anthracene and phenanthrene were reported .	报道了安东兰和苯乙烯静极性的精确dft研究 。
next he put eggs in a pan of water on the stove . eggsalad sandwiches were bear's favorite .	接下来 , 他把鸡蛋放在炉子上 。 蛋沙拉三明治是熊最喜欢的 。
the results show that the large margin is obtained in guangdong nuclear power plant with 18months fuel cycle .	结果表明 , 广东核电厂大边缘与18个月燃料周期相比 , 得到了大边缘 。
in laboratory tests , they found that a lectin called banlec was as potent as two current hiv drugs .	在实验室试验中 , 他们发现一个叫做banlec的lectin就像两个当前的艾滋病毒一样有潜力 。
the 400 im not only requires strength and speed in all four strokes , but also tremendous endurance .	400个im不仅需要强度和速度在四个条纹中 , 而且还需要巨大的耐力 。
" when the exslave has fixed his thumbprint to this public document , " pandit says , " they can't go back .	" 当解释把他的拇指固定到公共文档时 , " 潘德说 , " 他们不能回来 。
everybody can see that he is a class player . he is so different . i cannot find any other striker that looks like him or plays like him .	每个人都能看到他是个同学玩家 , 他很不同 , 我不能找到任何其他的前锋 , 看起来像他一样 , 就像他一样玩耍 。
the researchers said their findings could also apply to those who claim they rely on a morning cup of tea to get their brains going。	研究人员说 , 他们的发现也可以适用于那些声称他们依靠早餐杯茶来获得他们的大脑 。
" look no one's going to come and give you food or water , " said the man . " god will provide for me , " was the only answer .	" 看没有人会来 , 给你吃饭或水 , " 上帝会为我提供 , " 是唯一的答案 。
overeating won't increase your depression , but gaining weight will . you need to fit into your job interview suit .	过度吃不会增加你的抑郁 , 但增加体重将会 。 你需要适合您的工作采访 。
after the iss got the internet , he started posting twitpics from space , earning a loyal following .	在互联网之后 , 他开始从太空发出twitpics , 获得了忠诚的追随 。
ah mui also said , on the other day she just wanted to say what she thinks about the whole thing , without any intention to fight .	ahmui还说 , 另一天她只是想说她对整个事情的想法 , 没有任何意图战斗 。
materials and methods: the model of transplanted tumor was made by vaccination of hepatoma h22 in the right axilla .	材料和方法:采用右轴移植h22疫苗制备移植肿瘤模型 。
at least i got the senate to pass it late , so i could veto it after they went home and they couldn’t override it .	至少我得到参议院晚些时候 , 所以在他们回家之后 , 我就可以把它翻了 。
in this paper , we determined and compared the strength limits of mandible , ilium , skull and rib .	本文确定并比较了人体的强度、肢体、骨头和肋骨的强度限制 。
koth's species has been established as a zabrak , making him of the same alien species as the deadly darth maul .	科斯的物种被建立为一个扎伯拉克 , 使他成为死亡的黑色毛罗 。
with the extensive use of the hv ic , the design of hlv compatible integrated circuits have become more and more important .	随着hvic的广泛应用 , hlv兼容电路的设计越来越重要 。
dam type power device: to be mainly fixed on the shore for providing electric power to factories , houses and others on shore .	坝型电力设备:主要固定在海岸上 , 为工厂、房屋和其他厂家提供电力 。
the 21yearold denmark international is widely regarded as one of the brightest defensive prospects in europe .	21岁的丹麦国际上被广泛认为是欧洲最亮的防御前景之一 。
the women , who were a median age of 35 years old at diagnosis , were observed for 17 , 408 personyears .	妇女是35岁的中年龄在诊断中 , 被观察到17408岁的女性 。
the midfielder's departure from bayern munich has already been confirmed and he will be leaving on a bosman transfer .	拜仁慕尼黑的中场离开已经证实了 , 他将会在老板转会上留下 。
fascinating creatures , phoenixes . they can carry immensely heavy loads . their tears have healing powers .	迷人的生物 , 凤凰 。 他们可以立刻携带重量的荷载 。 他们的泪水有愈合的力量 。
in such a case , the organization could use a simple progress checklist to exercise control over the mechanisms and initiatives .	在这样的情况下 , 组织可以使用一个简单的进步检查清单来对机制和倡议进行操作控制 。
handcrafted in england of wood and fiberglass , the oval shaped interior measures just over 6 ft . in diameter .	在英国的木材和纤维玻璃手工 , 卵巢形状的内部措施只在6英尺左右 。
knowledge capital is the generic name of all invisible capitals in hospital at era of knowledgedriven economy .	知识资本是在知识驱动经济时代医院所有可见资本的通用名字 。
the royal melbourne philharmonic has many reasons to celebrate . and it shared the celebration with the audience .	皇家墨尔本哲学有很多理由庆祝庆祝 , 它与观众共享庆祝庆祝 。
in the uae , shah rukh has endorsed du , the country's second telecom operator other than etisalat .	在美国 , 沙鲁克已经忍受了杜 , 这个国家的第二个电信运营商比埃迪萨拉特 。
the forwardosmosis membranes only release fresh water into the ocean , and don't permit salty water to contaminate the bags .	前渗透膜只释放新鲜的水进入海洋 , 而不允许盐水污染袋 。
we would have welcomed more help from our city council – that never ­happened , which is why we pursued kirkby .	我们欢迎来自我们城市委员会的帮助-----------------------------------------------------
say you've got a limited wage budget and a maximum of 5k a week , yet the player you want is demanding 7k .	说你有限的工资预算和每周最大5k , 但是你想要的玩家要求7k 。
bloodsurge: now has a chance to trigger from any hit with heroic strike , bloodthirst , or whirlwind .	血液救援:现在有机会从任何英雄袭击、血液第三 , 还是威尔文德攻击 。
an efficient numerical method is proposed for calculation of the first crossing reliability of non stationary process linear combination .	针对非静态过程线性结合的第一交叉可靠性 , 提出了一种有效数值计算方法 。
as regard to marketing channels , the project shall adopt the authorized sales agent model to improve efficiency .	由于市场营销渠道 , 项目应采用授权的销售代理模型来提高效率 。
some farmers fear , however , that crosspollination could create lowerquality hybrid plants and lead to economic losses .	然而 , 一些农民担心 , 跨环境可以创造低质量混合植物 , 导致经济损失 。
the researchers learned that feathers of different shapes and sizes resulted in different frequencies with different harmonic structures .	研究人员发现 , 不同形状和尺寸的羽毛与不同的谐波结构不同 。
objective to study the effect of retrograde intramedullary nail for the supracondylar and intercondylar fracture of the distal femur .	目的探讨逆行内膜内钉对远端胎骨的超体间骨折的影响 。
the tool is fitted with a progressive throttle action , which allows a low speed with a small throttle opening .	工具适合一个进步的喉咙动作 , 使得低速快速开放 。
the pid control adopted the location algorithm , and restricted the extent of control quantity and integral increase quantity .	采用pd控制算法 , 限制了控制量和集成量的范围 。
pseudophase liquid chromatographyfor the separation of ionizable and strong polar organic compounds was developed .	研制了可离子和强极性有机化合物的伪相液相色谱 。
mercure suzhou park hotel & suites is the ideal choice for your meeting or social occasion in suzhou .	苏州公园和套房是苏州会议或社会场所的理想选择 。
the anatomic characteristics of the anterior communicating arterial fenestration were observed under the operating microscope .	运行微镜观察了前经动脉检查的解剖特点 。
scissor cuts a flower to want to use sharp knife , need not shears , with early morning or dusk advisable .	扫描器削减花朵想要使用尖锐的刀 , 不需要剪切 , 早晨或灰尘可建议 。
in procedure aspect , argumentation from coherence needs an equal debate and dialogue among judge , party and other attendee .	在程序方面 , 相干的论点需要在法官、党和其他参与者之间的平等辩论和对话 。
forget about spending christmas eve watching a movie alone or the holiday vacation reading a 1200page book .	忘记一本独自在看电影或假期假期阅读一本1200页的书 。
terry lundgren is chief executive of macy's , the company that owns macy's and bloomingdales department store .	特里·lundgren是马西的首席执行官 , 公司拥有马西和布鲁明达尔公司 。
very possibly , whatever surprises you will occur in a group situation like a class , conference , convention or meeting .	很可能 , 无论你会在一个类、会议、会议或会议上都会出现什么令人惊讶 。
we generally trust our capacity to manage ourselves , but we do not trust the capacity of others to manage themselves .	我们通常相信我们的能力来管理自己 , 但我们不信任别人管理自己的能力 。
vietnamese deputy foreign minister pham binh minh calls the talks , which ended monday , productive .	越南副部长菲姆宾赫·米赫称 , 周一结束了生产力 。
invoke loud you heart trouble ... follow the rhythm ... zedoary their hair together nerve ... !	发声你心中麻烦...遵循节奏.........赞美他们的头发一起神经 !
the key points of the operation and the stripping methods and effects of the defective chromium deposit were introduced .	介绍了缺陷铬矿床运行的关键点及其影响 。
if modulus matches the sign of the denominator , then the result of division truncates toward minus infinity .	如果模块匹配分解器的标志 , 那么分割的结果就会对小无限性 。
objective to study the effect of nasolacrimal duct reconstruction for refractory congenital dacryocystitis with ktp laser .	目的探讨鼻咽管重建对ktp激光再生性先天性胆囊炎的影响 。
you have a single messaging engine that gets created automatically when you add the cluster as a member of the si bus .	您有一个单个消息发动机 , 当您添加集群作为si总线的成员时 , 就会自动创建 。
a flat surface will block the wind flow and also create a dead water region to trap the bug before it is squashed .	平面表面将阻挡风流 , 同时也会创建一个死水区 , 在它正方形之前就会陷入困难 。
the report finds the united states continued to be the main country of destination for asylum seekers of all nationalities in 2008 .	报告发现 , 美国继续成为2008年全国各地寻求亚洲国家的主要目的地 。
any number of response text documents can have their rich or plain text body field appended to an email message .	任何回应文本文档都可以有丰富的或平原的文本体现场适用于电子邮件消息 。
murrieta boasts an educated , highincome population comparable to communities in san diego and orange counties .	穆里埃拉拥有教育 , 高收入的人口与旧地哥和橙色县的社区相比 。
the panel is a nonvoting one , but even fda advisory panels which don't vote are still reviewed by the agency .	这个委员会是一个非投票者 , 但即使fda咨询委员会还是不投票的 。
under the market condition that has formed 10 years afore and experience , can more companies are joined , will build an industry chain .	在市场条件下 , 已形成10年的市场状况下 , 可以更多的公司加入 , 将建立一个行业链 。
" you need a cut to force the institution to make changes to the system , " says berkson , who coordinated the budget deliberations .	伯克逊说: " 你需要削减机构 , 迫使制度改变 。 " 他协调预算的辩论 。
journalists learned that the previous inspection , guicheng has ordered two " five noes " in the construction of the plant work .	记者学习了以前的检查 , 古城已经订购了两条 " 五条鼻子 " 的工厂建设 。
he's the author of perfumes: the guide , and the subject of chandler burr's 2003 book the emperor of scent .	他是《香水》的作者:《查德勒伯尔2003年》的主题 。
aibullet television ltd is a integrated video production , market research , planning , design and delivery of integrated services company .	aibullet电视有限公司是一家集成的视频生产、市场研究、规划、设计和交付集成服务公司 。
to provide customers with high quality fashion products , and do a good job for every one thing ' is used to one style of qadir .	为了提供高品质的时尚产品的客户 , 为每个人所使用的东西做好一份好工作 " 。
because of the common offset working mode of gpr , there are large amount of horizontal coherent noise in the gpr record .	由于gpr的常见离散工作模式 , 在gpr记录中有大量的水平相干噪声 。
what does the new science tell us about how corina's 28yearold brain produced corina's 28yearold mind ?	新科学告诉我们 , 科林纳的28岁的大脑产生了科林纳的28岁的脑袋 ?
we went to the seaside , the same blue sea and sky , on the beach sundrenched , is piece very enjoy it .	我们走到海边 , 同样的蓝海和天空 , 在海滩上 , 很享受它 。
sagittarians are positive people ; they have a bright outlook on life , are enterprising , full of energy and vitality .	牺牲者是积极的人 ; 他们对生活有着明亮的探索 , 是企业 , 充满能源和活力 。
in general , wastes do not have or exhibit an intrinsic hazard of infectiousness , except in very specific cases .	一般来说 , 废物不会有或是展示感染的内在危害 , 除了非常具体的案例外 。
but nothing of the kind happens . instead , the arpeggios evolve through a succession of gently unexpected harmonies .	然而 , 没有什么事情 。 相反 , 阿帕吉奥斯通过一个轻松的预期和谐的继续演化 。
objective:to study the content of tyrosinase in the blood and hemorrheology in vitiligo animal pathological pattern .	目的:探讨酪氨酶在动物病理模式下血液和血液学中的含量 。
all jcss gases are assigned their values using gravimetric standard gases analyzed by the government agency .	所有jcs气体都采用重力标准气体分配了它们的价值 。
this step , however , is the one that has caused the most intense frustration in prebiotic chemistry research for the past several decades .	然而 , 这个步骤是过去几十年来 , 最强烈的生物化学研究成果 。
each contestant was given a towel to sit on and to cover themselves when naked , but only after they had stripped completely .	每个参赛者都被给了一个塔子坐在身边 , 覆盖自己 , 但只有在他们完全打破之后才能 。
it provides a single and complete view of customers , partners , products , and business through data warehouses or federation .	它通过数据仓库或联盟提供了单一和完成的客户、合作伙伴、产品和业务 。
a company may sometimes resort to selling at a loss in order to force its rivals into bankruptcy , and then dominate the market .	一家公司可能会有时候回归销售亏损 , 以迫使其竞争对手陷入破产 , 然后控制市场 。
normally when using git , you can assume that your repository is a little bit behind what is located on kernel . org .	通常在使用git时 , 您可以假设您的存储库是位于内核.org之后的小点 。
now our electricity , phone , insurance and cable bills are automatically withdrawn from our account each month .	现在我们的电力、电话、保险和电缆账单自动撤离我们每个月的账户 。
thus he tried to alter and abolish the unequal treaties , limited and cancelled western powers' privilege in china ;	因此 , 他试图改变和废除中国不平等的条约 , 限制和取消西方权力的特权 ;
if i focus the rays of sun with a burning glass , even in the coldest days of winter , i can kindle a fire with ease .	如果我把太阳的光线集中在燃烧的玻璃上 , 即使在冬天最寒冷的时候 , 我就可以轻松地找到火 。
the government should take appropriate policies to assure these western enterprises' leading status in the technological innovation .	政府应当采取适当的政策来确保这些西方企业在技术创新中的领先地位 。
therefore , if god sees us through the eyes of his beloved son , then we ought to start seeing ourselves through jesus as well .	因此 , 如果上帝看见我们穿过他爱儿子的眼睛 , 那么我们也应该从耶稣开始看见自己 。
but to a broadminded one , difference means richness in colors and postures and diversity embodies unity and harmony .	但对于一个广泛的主导人来说 , 颜色和姿态和多样性体现了统一和谐 。
creative industries and nonwoven bag close economic ties , its nonwoven bag huge impetus to the development of industry .	创意产业和非织袋关闭经济关系 , 它的非织包巨大推动到产业发展 。
this paper generalizes the characteristics of studies of lu xu in china this year and reveals the treads of future studies .	本文总结了今年我国鲁徐的研究特点 , 揭示了未来研究的趋势 。
the first rule of camping is to keep a clean camp site . you can't leave anything which bears might think is food .	营地的第一条规则是保持一个清洁的营地 , 你不能留下任何东西 , 可能会认为是食物 。
it makes it possible to reach oil deposits that can't be reached vertically like those under a town or a lake .	这使得在一个城镇或湖下的石油储量不能垂直到达的石油储量很可能 。
it's the first time to report that network externalities is one of the import influence factor to imcl , and it's proved .	第一次报告网络外部性是imcl的重要影响因素之一 , 证明了网络外部性的影响 。
security was tight because of a new terrorist threat . streets were closed . police lined the sidewalks .	安全由于新恐怖主义威胁严重 , 街道被关闭 , 警察行走 。
'i think it's great to see a dynamic woman in politics , ' said ryoko okamoto , 34 , an interpreter .	" 我认为 , 看到政治上的一个动态女人 , " 34岁的瑞okokokamoto说 。
air france industries will begin installing the enhancements at its le bourget airport facility near paris in 2012 .	法国空气工业将于2012年开始在巴黎附近的莱尔堡机场安装改进 。
the public media places " benshan culture " into a new circumstance , and provides the opportunity for its further development .	公共媒体将 " 本山文化 " 置于新的环境 , 为其进一步发展提供了机会 。
because high us interest rates tend to cause the dollar to appreciate , they are likely to make an already large trade deficit larger .	因为高美元的利率往往会导致美元的欣赏 , 他们可能会使市场的贸易赤字更大 。
the type of conduction had been widely used in electronic tubes of radio , television and many other modern devices .	电视、电视和许多其他现代设备中 , 广泛应用于电子管、电视管、电视管等 。
in the serene riverside town , the pace of life is entirely subject to the gentle flow of the tinkling streams .	在严峻的河边城镇 , 生活的步伐完全受到潮流的温柔流动 。
in june , a group of suicide bombers and gunmen launched a deadly attack on the luxury intercontinental hotel .	六月份 , 一群自杀炸弹和枪手在奢侈大陆酒店发起了死亡的袭击 。
if the object were indeed a flying saucer , recovering it could potentially be worth millions or billions of dollars .	如果对象确实是飞行的 , 那么恢复它可能是值得数百万美元或数亿美元的 。
dna mobility is related to its charge and the average size of the fragment as it twists and tumbles through the gel .	dna移动性与其电荷相关 , 平均分数的大小 , 因为它扭曲和扭曲了凝胶 。
the contents of cichoric acid in introducing plant of echinacea purpurea in china were assayed by hplc .	采用hplc法对我国紫外线紫外线植物中icicicic酸的含量进行了分析 。
mr . thomas is making a long distance call . please wait for a few minutes . would you like some coffee or tea ?	托马斯先生正在打电话 , 请等几分钟 。 你喜欢一些咖啡还是茶 ?
the two to three founders saying that each of them owns x amount of newco and assigning all of their ip related to this venture to newco .	两到三个创始人说 , 他们每个人都拥有x量的新co , 并且分配它们的ipip与新科相关 。
by appreciating and analyzing some compositions , we can rationally ponder upon chinese modern oil painting’s present situation .	通过评价和分析一些组成 , 我们可以合理地对中国现代油画的现状进行理性的池塘 。
when general leclerc called them traitors and said: " how could you , the french , wear someone else's uniform ? "	当一般的讲话称为他们的特点时 , 说: " 你怎么能 , 法国人 , 穿着别人的统一 ? "
research on the effect of laser igniting characteristics caused by doping graphite into b/kno3 with photoacoustic detection method .	利用光学检测方法 , 研究了利用多普勒石墨对b/kno3引起的激光亮化特性的影响 。
the contribution of platelets to hyperacute rejection of both allografts and xenografts is well recognized .	识别出血小板对异体移植和xen移植的高精度拒绝的贡献 。
in hong kong , it has only been recorded in sunset peak ; the locality is within country parks under protection .	在香港 , 只有在太阳峰中记录过 , 地方公园内的地方是在保护下的 。
children's songs play an important part in children's education not to be replaced by other forms of poetry .	孩子的歌曲在孩子们的教育中起着重要作用 , 不要被其他诗歌形式取代 。
what a vivid picture! just as the picture depicts, there are so many things or desires that the man has to bear or to seek .	一个生动的照片 ! 就像图片描述一样 , 有那么多的东西或希望这个人必须承担或寻找 。
the report also predicts that continuing instability in the middle east will probably keep pushing prices up into the spring .	报告还预测 , 在中东继续不稳定性的报告可能会保持价格推进到春天 。
another factor intel mentioned: companies building out on the backend to take advantage of socalled cloud computing .	另外一个因素intel提到:公司在后端建立出来 , 以便采取所谓云计算的优势 。
based on the analysis of the development trend of transportation statistics , this paper puts forward " transportation accounts " concept .	针对交通统计的发展趋势 , 提出了 " 交通账户 " 概念 。
not only students but also teachers were inspired by the news that wang leqing was admitted to qinghua university .	不仅是学生 , 而且还是老师都受到了王莱青被承认到青华大学的新闻激励 。
this financial support allows the society to continue to grow its standards programs and fund future initiatives .	这个金融支持允许社会继续增长其标准计划和未来的计划 。
damage model was built based on the rules of projectile dispersion and the principle of armourpiercing mechanics .	建立了基于投影分散规则的损伤模型 , 建立了基于工程分散的损伤模型和armourpiering机械的原理 。
our " slot " system gives you several choices where to place decorative objects on surfaces , such as tables and dressers .	我们的 " 槽 " 系统给您几个选择 , 可以在表面上放置装饰对象 , 例如表面和裙子 。
the cradle towers of zhengzhou will comprise of five mixeduse towers swooping out of a ringshaped podium .	郑州的creadle塔将由五座混合用户的塔子从环形泳池中摆脱 。
you may recall that back in 2006 in the great hall of the people , the beijing summit of the forum on chinaafrica cooperation was held .	您可能回忆到2006年 , 在中国人民大会上 , 北京峰会举行了中非合作论坛 。
perhaps most importantly , visiting judges have the opportunity to speak oneonone with u . s . judges .	也许最重要的是 , 访问法官有机会与美国法官说话的机会 。
note the luteinized cells forming the inner cyst lining at the left with adjacent surrounding theca cells .	注意在左侧形成内囊肿细胞 , 与周围周围的细胞相邻 。
blood viscosity , plasma viscosity , erythrocyte deformed index , fibrinogen and plt were decreased .	血粘度、血浆粘度、红细胞变形指数、纤维素和plt均降低 。
current coreos linux users can take advantage of a cloudnative platform to reach one of the world's largest markets .	目前的coreoslinux用户可以利用云平台来达到世界最大的市场之一 。
with the computer and the database technology applied in the clothing industry , clothing mtm developed rapidly .	随着计算机和数据库技术在服装行业中应用 , 服装mtm快速发展 。
the personal data collected will be treated as strictly confidential and will be used only for receipting and other communication with you .	收集的个人数据将被严格的信心处理 , 并且只用来接收和其他通信 。
each of the pen heads is separately matched with one of two caps . the liquid tube is arranged in the penstock .	每个笔头都与两个帽子分别匹配 , 液管在笔记本上安装 。
from the above it has been proved that the lifetable method is practical and efficient in forecasting the supply of the mch manpower .	从以上证明 , 基于mch人力供应的可生命方法是实用的和有效的 。
learn how to improvise when crocheting a scarf in this free crocheting lesson from an experienced crochet artist .	了解如何在这个自由慢跑课程中如何改进如何从一个经验的慢跑艺术家 。
walmart also announced the resignation of clara wong , its senior vice president for human resources in china .	沃尔玛还宣布辞职克拉拉拉拉·汪 , 其高级副总裁在中国人力资源 。
due to its mild microclimate , graz is a city of lush parks with an almost mediterranean flair .	由于它的小气候 , graz是一个由于它的中海火焰几乎是中海火山的卢什公园 。
you sneeze because you've got all these germs inside you and your body wants to get the germs out , so you sneeze .	你喷雾 , 因为你在你和你的身体里得到了这些物质 , 所以你喷雾了 。
this is useful for adding extra information to portions within the block that are of interest , especially if the maps are shared between developers .	这对于增加额外的信息来说有用 , 特别是在开发人员之间共享的地图来说 , 这是有用的 。
those colors should be incorporated into your website in some way , even if it’s just in the header image or as accent colors .	这些颜色应该在某种程度上融合到你的网站上 , 即使它只是在头部图像或像声音的颜色 。
another reality is that if the us is unable to expand its exports , pressure will grow to restrict its imports , instead .	另外一个现实就是 , 如果美国不能扩大出口 , 压力将会增加进口限制 。
for maximum safety , do not touch the product , test cables , or any other instruments while power is applied to the circuit under test .	对于最大安全 , 不要触摸产品、测试电缆或其他的仪器在测试下应用于电路 。
much of buffett's wisdom stems from this one investment trait: when you don't know what to do , don't do anything .	许多巴菲特的智慧来自于这个投资特点:当你不知道怎样做的时候 , 不要做任何事情 。
i was also glad that roger and mother hadn’t let themselves get too hurt by whites bringing up roger’s drug problem .	我也很高兴 , 罗杰和母亲没有让自己过于伤害 , 白人带上罗杰的药物问题 。
the trick is to constantly selfevaluate and selfimprove by not just improving their productivity but also improving their ways of working .	试验是不仅通过改善他们的生产能力 , 而且提高自己的工作方式 , 不断自我评价和自我提高 。
we certainly welcome oem items to meet the needs of different customer , and we guarantee our quality and punctuality .	我们当然欢迎o项目满足不同客户的需求 , 保证我们的质量和惩罚 。
" tony is cheerful and friendly , " one report stated . " his detention in hospital is preventing deterioration of his condition . "	一份报告说: " 托尼是很高兴和友好的 , " 一位医院的拘留是预防他的状况 。 "
in 1954 , there were only a dozen armed robberies in london but , by the 1990s , there were more than a hundred times as many .	1954年 , 伦敦只有十几个武装机器 , 但到1990年代 , 还有一百多次 。
" what they also did is showed me a picture of murmansk at the end of world war ii , and it was an aerial photograph , " he says .	他说: " 他们也在第二次世界大战结束时显示了我一张墨尔曼斯克的照片 , 这是一张航空照片 。 "
this did not occur in a control group of volunteers who were trained in the morning and retested in the evening , with no sleep in between .	这并没有发生在一个控制的志愿者 , 他们在早晨训练并在晚上休息 , 没有睡觉 。
exoffenders have gotten particular attention for their efforts to stop gang violence and work with troubled teenagers .	外国朋友们对他们的努力特别关注 , 阻止暴力 , 与麻烦的青少年一起工作 。
it is better to distribute obfuscated version of your web content and to keep your original source code for yourself .	更好地分布您的web内容的不确定版本 , 并且保持您的原始源代码为自己 。
the war in iraq , katrina , and the wall street collapse were the three nails in the coffin of the age of reagan .	伊拉克战争 , 卡特里娜和华尔街崩溃是雷根时代的三个钉子 。
that won an immediate laugh from the cast and crew on the first take , but enthusiasm waned after the first few hearings .	这赢得了从第一次拍摄和船员的立刻笑 , 但在第一次听到之后 , 热烈的热情却在第一次听到之后 。
rediscovered from the bottom of that dirtladen heap , it was able to see the light , still in good state . it was such a relief !	从那个肮脏的堆底部恢复出来 , 它能看到光 , 仍然处于良好的状态 , 是这样的救济 !
my father is center my mother is left forward my sister is right forward my wife is right guard and my brother is left forward .	我的父亲是中心 , 我的母亲离开了我的妹妹是右向前的 , 我的妻子是正确的守卫 , 我的弟弟正向前走 。
it is nice to look back and see what we have done together , aware that we are part of a story that is without equal and is ongoing .	很好的回顾 , 看看我们共同做的事情 , 意识到我们是一个不平等的故事之一 。
angry with himself , obiwan piloted the speeder up the mountain toward dooku's villa at maximum speed .	随着自己的愤怒 , 奥巴兰飞行了速度 , 在最大速度上 , 朝多乌的维拉上山 。
we are testing the contents of physical performance can achieve national norms , all the indicators this was our request .	我们正在测试物理性能的内容可以实现国家标准 , 这是我们的请求 。
mebazaa has assembled an interim coalition government and claims that new elections will be held in the coming months .	梅巴萨已经组装了一个国际联盟政府 , 并声称新选举将在未来几个月举行 。
wartime commemorations come round so often that the 70th anniversary of the siege of leningrad may seem unremarkable .	战时纪念来回来 , 所以通常 , 雷宁拉德的70周年纪念似乎不明显 。
count it , if you had above three among those , so congratulations you , you have already become lechery woman of one row .	如果你在这里拥有了三个 , 那么祝贺你 , 你已经变成了一行的lechry女人 。
biemang , dug a fire burned the hell you are in an unenviable position , digging as soon as possible to add water .	拜孟 , 火烧毁了你在一个不可避免的地狱里 , 尽快挖掘水 。
rockfall , a tiny community 20 miles south of hartford , is part of the town of middlefield , conn .	位于哈特福德南部的一个小型社区20英里的哈特福德南部 , 是康尼亚中场的一部分 。
that will again be a friday but it will be at nine o'clock and he will be here so i think that will be a lot of fun also .	这将再次是星期五 , 但它将在九点钟 , 他会在这里 , 所以我觉得这会是很多乐趣 。
we're not sure of the unusual 'stone' finish in place of the usual wood grain , however this is purely subjective .	然而 , 我们不确定在常规木粒的地方 " 稳定 " 完成 , 但这是纯粹主观的 。
the retroactivity of construction of law refers to if the new construction of law can apply to the past event and behaviour .	法律建设的反思是指法律新建设是否适用于过去事件和行为 。
but if you slow down and think about your attention , you'll agree that answering email while browsing the web is impossible .	但是如果你慢下去 , 想想你的注意力 , 你会同意在浏览网络时回答电子邮件 。
most of the protesters are said to be in the capital , mbabane , and are unable to get to manzini , a 45minute drive away .	据说 , 大多数抗议者都在首都mbane , 而且不能去曼子尼 , 45分钟的驱动 。
evenings were spent at the theatre . this ballet told the story of the triumphant building of a hydroelectric dam .	晚上在戏剧上花了 , 这个芭蕾告诉说了一个水电坝的胜大象建筑的故事 。
i like to use this tactic in lowkey situations , like grocery stores , coffee shops , book stores , etc .	我喜欢在低键情况下使用这个策略 , 比如杂货店、咖啡店、书店等 。
following a small shan told reporters that he is on time every morning get up at 5 , the first thing is to help mothers understand toilet .	随着一只小山告诉记者 , 他每天早上5点起床时 , 第一件事就是帮助母亲理解厕所 。
for decades , who has had a strong presence in endemic countries , working shouldertoshoulder with local health officials .	几十年来 , 世卫组织在内部国家拥有强烈的出现 , 与当地卫生官员工作肩膀 。
aduh: that movie cat in the hat even shows our legislators fighting on tv . sheesh ! what a loss of face .	阿杜:那部电影在帽子里 , 甚至显示了我们的立法人在电视上战斗 。 谢什 ! 脸上有什么损失 。
there is a wide variation in the amount of these cnv deletions which people have in their genome , with some people having several million .	这些cnv删除的数量有很多变化 , 人们在基因组中有很多人 , 有几百万人 。
“with a low cost of living and big texascharm , bachelors are sure to find love in this city ! ” rent . com says .	" 我是一个低廉的生活费用和大型纺织品 , 巴切尔斯肯定会在这个城市找到爱情 ! " 租赁 。 com说 。
poweridea sparks believes openness is the single most important quality a resource integrator must have .	电力学指标认为开放性是唯一的资源集成器必须有的重要质量 。
fungizone intravenous in powder form should be stored in the refrigerator , protected against exposure to light .	在粉末形式中 , 应储存在冰箱里 , 防止曝光 。
the semifloating layered burner is provided with a wind blowing coal device and a coal granule screening device .	采用风吹煤设备和煤颗粒筛选装置 , 提供了半漂浮层燃烧炉 。
the fgets , fgetss , fread , fscanf , and fclose functions also return false on error .	fgets , fgets , fgets , fread , fscanf和flose函数也返回错误 。
the camera includes a stereoscopic imaging part , a stereoscopic vision information processing part and a motor drive part .	摄像机包括一个稳定的视觉成像部分 , 一个稳定的视觉信息处理部分和电机驱动部分 。
metabolic flux analysis plays an important role in guiding the genetic manipulation in metabolic engineering .	代谢流量分析在指导代谢工程中的遗传操作具有重要作用 。
the kinds of approximations needed to , for example , simulate a firestorm , were in the past computationally intractable .	例如 , 在过去计算中 , 需要模拟火灾恢复的近似类型是可吸引的 。
displays a list of all of the names of columns in this database that have unique singlecolumn indexes .	显示了在这个数据库中所有列名称的列表 , 这些列表都具有独特的单柱索引 。
as we geophysicists all know , the definite difference method is a numerical method widely used in geophysics .	地质物理学家都知道 , 地质物理学是一种广泛应用于地球物理学的数值方法 。
new york new signs of surging corporate profits led to early gains in the stock market tuesday .	纽约市盈利的迹象导致股市早期增长 。
to formulate work plans for dispatching representatives of state stock ownership to the state holding and jointstock corporations .	为了制定国有股东所有权的工作计划 , 为国家持有和联合托克公司的代表 。
conclusion:il 4 of tibet pig was successfully cloned from the lymphocyte after stimulating 70 h with cona .	结论:4例胫骨猪成功从淋巴细胞中克隆 , 同时对70例肝炎患者进行刺激 。
the invention relates to a traction rectification reduction bed with a tiltable former section a tiltable latter section .	本发明涉及一种牵引修正床 , 带有可倾斜的前一段可倾斜的截面 。
other whole bovine skin leather , without hair on , of a unit surface area not exceeding 28 square feet	另外 , 所有的皮革 , 没有头发 , 单位表面区不超过28平方英尺 。
memory is a runaway rivers , and we are waiting for the pewww . qq3721 . comople on both sides .	记忆是一条runaway河 , 我们正等待pewwww.q3721.ople双方 。
many dance studios offer special firsttimer promotions that allow newbies to take classes for under $10 , sometimes for free .	许多舞蹈工作室提供特别的第一次推广 , 允许新生在10美元以下的课程 , 有时候免费 。
objective to assess the sensory recovery in denervated wound surface covered with thick spilt skin graft .	目的评价经皮厚细切皮移植的神经损伤表面的感觉恢复 。
currently , the effective tax rate of mineral enterprises is lower 1526 percent than that of the nonmineral enterprises .	目前矿业企业的有效税收率低于非矿业企业的1526% 。
in most species of social insects , such as wasps , bees , and ants , the females rule . the females are the workers .	在大多数社会昆虫中 , 比如洗碗、蜜蜂和蚂蚁 , 雌性规则 。 女性是工人 。
the characteristics of the short circuited fault in low voltage system are studied by means of simulation and experiment .	通过仿真和实验 , 研究了低压系统短路故障的特点 。
after inserting the contact into the table , the database returned the value of the id column of the row just inserted .	在将接触插入表之后 , 数据库返回只插入的id列值 。
for example , french impressionism or german expressionism , each has its own unique creative ideas and techniques .	例如 , 法国印象主义或德国表达主义 , 每个人都有自己独特的创意思想和技术 。
it comes to a conclusion that the energy comsumption is decreased by applying mentioned methods in summer and winter .	通过在夏季和冬季提到的方法 , 得出了能量消耗的结论 。
conclusion no resistance to brodifacoum was tested in r . flavipectus . brodifacoum can be used for rats control .	结论在r.flavipectus检测无阻抗性 , 可用于大鼠控制 。
the meng age lady starts apt query a key question , " that he does this a batch of maneuvers do many and greatly ? "	孟买时代女士开始了apt查询一个关键问题 , " 他做了一批管理员做了很多并且很大 ? "
sam 'spike' witwicky: gentlemen... let me introduce you to my friend: optimus prime !	萨姆 " 智慧 " :绅士...让我介绍给我的朋友:最佳的先生 !
yuxian northerly location , the department of taihang mountain top , is a temperate continental climate .	玉溪北部位于台杭山顶部 , 是一个温度的大陆气候 。
only in exceptional circumstances dandy may allow client to revoke or amend the relevant instruction or order .	只有在例外情况下 , 除了dndy可以允许客户端重新启用或修改相关指令秩序 。
normal circumstances , and macular between the choroid , an extremely thin protection of the organization .	正常情况 , 以及胆固醇之间的宏观 , 是组织极薄的保护 。
have a professional designer of a variety of design styles for you to create , with years of experience in the construction team .	拥有专业的设计师 , 为您创建各种设计风格 , 经历了多年的建筑团队 。
but the real advantage to lambdas is when you create functions on the fly and no variable reference is required . for example	但是 , 当你在飞行上创建函数并没有变量参考时 , 对于lambdas来说真正的优点是 。
to find the people , old friends and relatives free search tool people , including 411 white " pages . "	为了找到人们 , 老朋友和亲戚免费搜索工具人 , 包括41页白 " 页面 。
this design , a variant on the double armchair style and just as lightly padded , was shortlived in france .	这个设计 , 双臂椅风格的变化 , 就像轻松的垫子一样 , 法国很短 。
if you benchpressed 100 pounds this week , for example , then next week you should try doing 105 pounds .	例如 , 如果你在本周做了100磅的话 , 那么下周你应该试着做105磅 。
well , the conception of the universe that was widespread among ancient peoples is one that you're probably familiar with .	嗯 , 宇宙的概念在古代人群中广泛传播是你熟悉的 。
the discoloring process in normal pectin production can be left out . the products possess high yield and qualified quality .	产品具有较高的产量和质量化的质量 。
conclusion the key to improve the accuracy of atypical meningioma ct diagnosis is to locate the tumor .	结论改善非典型脑膜瘤ct诊断精度的关键是定位肿瘤 。
the whole work will be completed within two years , drafts of almost all of the manuscripts being on hand and under revision now .	整个工作将在两年内完成 , 几乎所有的操作都在手上 , 现在正在修订 。
the ekf algorithm is adopted to solve the nonlinear measurement function with radome slope interference .	采用ekf算法来解决无线性测量函数的非线性测量函数 。
in india , it is the corporations that are building giant coalbased power plants which are major climate polluters .	印度是建设大型煤炭基电厂的公司 , 是主要的气候污染物 。
if you have covered induction at all and looked at meller's approach to induction i mentioned it last time very briefly .	如果你覆盖了诱导 , 然后看到meller的方法 , 我最后一次简单地提到了它 。
an old farmer planted the seeds he bought from the market , autumn came and no harvest , for the seeds are fake .	一个老农民种植了他从市场买下的种子 , 秋天来了 , 没有收获 , 因为种子是假的 。
the company’s overall gross profit margin grew to 36 . 3 percent , from 34 . 8 percent in the yearago quarter .	该公司的总体利润总额增长到36.3% , 年同季的34.8% 。
of 186 liver transplant patients receiving sirolimus , 4 developed pneumonitis that was attributed to the drug ;	186例肝移植患者中 , 4例发育的肺炎属于药物 ;
" being a parent means being mature enough to help a child adapt to disappointment , " achenbach says .	achenbach说: " 作为一个父母的手段 , 足够成熟 , 帮助孩子适应失望 。 "
the outbound event sends this metric value from the monitor model of the loan_completionone process to the highlevel monitor model .	外界事件从贷款完成过程的监测模型发送到高层监测模型 。
however , today than in the japanese rule of korea , its sinister means , what is more trivial difference .	然而 , 今天比日本的日本规则要多 , 它的妹妹意味着 , 更多的审判差异 。
memorial ceremony of qin is quite different from that of zhou and lu in sacrificial time , place , offerings , etc .	秦的纪念仪式与周和卢在祭祀时期、地方、提供、供应等不同 。
we are even informed that cigarette smoking may gravely jeopardize not only the smokers , but also the nonsmokers .	我们甚至通知烟雾吸烟可能会严重犹豫不仅吸烟者 , 而且还是吸烟者 。
objective: to summarize the clinical experience of professor shaonian fang in treating obstruction of qi in the chest .	目的:总结山东方教授治疗胸部气管梗阻的临床经验 。
none of the surveyed materials were found to be suitable for use as impedance matched specular radar absorbers .	试验结果表明 , 无人发现 , 适用于适用于阻抗特殊雷达吸收器 。
electrophoretic coating process on the aluminium alloy support used for solar energy heat unit is introduced .	介绍了用于太阳能热单元的铝合金支持电泳涂层工艺 。
of course , the sensory effects of coffee , and other warm beverages , like tea or cocoa , can lift your spirits .	当然 , 咖啡的感觉效果和其他热饮料 , 比如茶或可口 , 可以提高你的精神 。
objective to investigate the clinical and electrocardiographic character of idiopathic and secondary abnormal j wave .	目的探讨心电图特征及其次异常j波的临床诊断和心电图特点 。
abstract: to study germination characteristics of mirabilis jalapa and althaea rosea by soaking their dormant seeds .	摘要:研究米拉比利斯jalapa和althaearosea的萌发特点 。
introduced the scope of application and structures of multiblade vertical cutting machine and bead insulating line .	介绍了多刀垂直切削机和珠绝缘线的应用范围 。
the cylindrical container has a wide mouth opening for easy filling and convenient access to the contents .	圆柱容器具有很广的口袋 , 容易填充和方便的访问内容 。
rapid climate changes at millennial and centennial scales are one of the most important aspects in paleoclimate study .	百年和百年级的气候变化是古气候学研究中最重要的方面之一 。
it is a common problem that the range of applying lien and interrogation is excessive broad in public security organs .	这是一个常见的问题 , 应用林和审查范围是公安机关过多的广泛的 。
in 2009 china ended a quarantine blockade around a remote northwestern town hit by pneumonic plague .	2009年 , 中国最后一块四分之一的封锁在西北偏远的城镇 , 被肺瘫痪击中 。
to address this issue , we have carried out a series of studies of tissue reconstitution by single hscs .	为了解决这一问题 , 我们已经通过单个hsc进行一系列组织重建研究 。
objective to investigate the etiologic factors of chronic prostatitis following sexually transmitted urethritis .	目的探讨慢性前列腺炎的病理因素 。
as the eye health company , bausch &lomb dedicated to perfecting vision and enhancing life for consumers around the world .	随着眼睛健康公司 , 巴斯兰和伦布专注于完善视觉和提高世界各地消费者的生活 。
help pharmaceutical enterprise customers solve problems , the pursuit of human health is our lofty ideal .	帮助药品企业顾客解决问题 , 人类健康追求是我们的理想 。
then a new method of block generalization based on street skeletonline and building skeletonline is put forward .	然后提出了一种基于街头骨架和建筑骨架的新方法 。
at the other end of the spectrum is su ming , who comes from a family of farmers and studies at a university in beijing .	另一端是苏明 , 他来自北京一所大学农民和研究的家庭 。
some big firms have begun employing westerners with long experience in the best american and european facilities .	一些大公司已经开始在美国和欧洲设施长期经验雇用西方人 。
and we can see the truth of the world in our own experience to confirm for ourselves the truth which the buddha was teaching .	我们可以看到我们自己经历的真理 , 确认佛教的真理 。
in order to realize the control arithmetic , this paper uses the plc , and designs the programs of both pid control and fuzzy control .	为了实现控制算法 , 本文采用plc , 设计了pid控制和模糊控制的程序 。
a few days’ break was declared for the religious holiday of eid aladha , beginning on november 17th .	117年1月17日开始 , 伊达达哈宗教节日宣布了几天的爆发 。
you can submit your own idea or comment on the list on our web site , theatlantic . com , or you can send us a letter .	你可以在我们的网站上提交自己的想法或评论自己的评论 , 或者你可以发送一封信 。
as these individuals grow more comfortable around each other , you will see more head tilt and therefore more exposure of the neck .	随着这些个人彼此更舒适 , 你会看到更多的头部倾斜 , 因此更加暴露颈部 。
other fringe parties enjoyed a record surge in support as voters abandoned their traditional allegiances .	其他的国际党在支持的支持下享受了记录 , 因为投票人抛弃了传统的指控 。
conclusion the hyperbaric therapy for complication of carbon monoxide poisoning is high cure rate and low deformity rate .	结论氧化碳单氧化碳复杂治疗高治愈率、低变形率 。
as a player , denver nuggets coach george karl napped , a ritual he passed on to his team .	作为一名球员 , 丹佛·尼戈特斯教练乔治·卡尔被绑架了 , 他在他的团队上过了仪式 。
while certain fish are loaded with omega3 and protein , they also contain some mercury , dioxins and pcbs .	虽然某些鱼被加载在omega3和蛋白中 , 但它们也包含一些汞、二氧化物和pcbs 。
there is no estimating the pride i took in this grandeur , or the affection that began to swell and grow in me for those people .	没有估计我在这个爷爷里采取的骄傲 , 或者对那些人来说 , 感情就开始向我发誓和增长 。
figure 1 shows an example of a checkstyle report generated with ant using the xslt task demonstrated in listing 1	图1显示了使用清单1中示的xslt任务生成的检查风格报告的例子 。
a community of central new jersey , a suburb of new brunswick . population , 21 , 731 .	新泽西的一个中央新泽西社区 , 一个郊区新布鲁西维克 。 人口21 , 731 。
this method can overcome the limitation occurred by single evaluation method and meet the need of fine evaluation of acidizing effect .	采用单评价方法 , 克服单评价方法 , 满足单评价效果优化的要求 。
the rising , warm air forms distinctive anvilshaped clouds , visible in both the satellite and model image .	上升 , 温暖的空气形成明显的虚拟云 , 可见在卫星和模型图像中 。
a gadget differs from a bot in that it's a specialized miniapplication that helps you perform a focused task .	一个游戏差异于一个瓶子 , 它是一个专门的微型复制 , 它可以帮助您执行专注的任务 。
nearby muttrah has a charming mediterraneanstyle waterfront and a harbour now used mainly by cruise liners .	附近的突特拉有一个巨大的地中海风格的水面 , 现在 , 一个哈尔伯现在主要是由粗鲁的狮子使用 。
to support this , three options of command vmdeploymgr . sh are provided which is the main application of the vdm .	为了支持此 , 提出了三个命令vmde部署mymgr.sh是vdm的主要应用 。
although most securities are markedtomarket , this new gaap still allows securities to be carried at historical cost .	尽管大多数证券都是标记的市场 , 但是这个新的gap仍允许证券在历史成本上进行 。
if we want to make national public servants' property transparent we ought to establish and consummate the system .	如果我们想让国家公务员的性能透明 , 我们应该建立和消费系统 。
with the development of internet , more and more people start to use bbs forum over internet as their tool obtaining messages and communions .	随着互联网的发展 , 越来越多的人开始使用bbbs论坛作为工具获得消息和沟通的工具 。
that woman's days were spent in ignorant good will , her nights in argument until her voice grew shrill .	那个女人的日子花了很好的意愿 , 她的夜晚在争论中直到她的声音增长了虾 。
pedal down hill while you are at the front of a bunch . cyclists dislike having to ride constantly under brakes .	当你正处在一块块块块的前面时 , 周期list就不像在刹车下不断骑行的一样 。
the bronx zoo is incredible , fantastic , very wellmaintained , sprawling zoo with so much to see and do .	布朗克斯动物园是不可思议的 , 幻想的 , 非常有领域性的 , 把动物园用那么多来看到和做 。
but why would one want to make crosstechnology mixed ui components anyway ? wayne explained some of the usecases	但是 , 为什么想让交叉技术混合ui组件吗 ? 韦恩解释了一些使用cass的用途 。
under this background , based on jw1h hospital information system , we designed and developed military hospital library management system .	在此背景下 , 根据jw1h医院信息系统设计并开发军医院图书馆管理系统 。
both fra and nfma strengthen the ability of developing countries to manage their forestry information base for their own benefit .	fra和nfma都强化发展中国家的能力 , 以管理他们的森林信息基地 。
relatively smallscale chemical run off and contamination from us copper mines in colorado proved to be disastrous .	相对小规模的化学物质从美国铜矿中运行并污染 , 科罗拉多证实了灾难 。
the patient and 41 other passengers on the flight am098 arrived in shanghai from mexico on thursday .	本周四 , 上海41名乘客来自墨西哥的乘客到达上海 。
the innermost zone effect must be taken into account if the required accuracy of tc is at a onemgal level .	如果需要的tc的精度 , 必须考虑到最内部的区域效应 。
a heavyduty , highbuild coal tar epoxy coating for the protection of steel and concrete in immersion service .	一种重型工业 , 高建煤炭环氧涂层用于浸渍服务中钢和混凝土的保护 。
" culpa in contrahendo " in civil law system started in the transition from freedom capitalism to monopoly capitalism .	民法制度的 " 文化 " 起源于自由资本主义转变为垄断资本主义 。
any of these locations or styles worked fine users who needed to log in would find the way to do it without frustration or error .	任何这些位置或风格都在工作 , 那些需要登录的用户都会找到这样做的方法 , 无需破坏或错误 。
the indexes have been examined , such as ratio of liver weight and body weight , tg , tc , hdlc and ldlc .	考察了肝重、体重、tg、tc、hdlc、ldlc等指标 。
" this shows that our system integration and research and manufacturing capabilities have reached world standards , " said mr zhang .	" 这表明 , 我们的系统集成和研究和制造能力已达到世界标准 。 " 张先生说 。
4then jesus asked them , " which is lawful on the sabbath: to do good or to do evil , to save life or to kill ? "	十四耶稣问他们 , " 哪里是法律的 , 要做好或做恶魔 , 拯救生命或杀死 ? "
the body of a 19yearold worker named ma xiangqian was found in front of his highrise dormitory at 4:30 a . m .	一名19岁的工人马湘建的身体在4:30岁的高层门前发现了他的身体 。
you may also recall that the media referred to this as a " nearsighted mr . magoo " and " trouble with hubble " .	你也可能回忆到 , 媒体称之为 " 近视麦戈戈先生 " 和 " 哈勃 " 的麻烦 。
but after he enrolled in the university of edinburgh , he proved more interested in natural history than medicine .	但在爱丁堡大学毕业后 , 他在自然历史上证实了更多的兴趣 。
q . my teenager is involved in so many activities: school , babysitting , church , sports .	我的青少年参与了如此多的活动:学校、婴儿坐、教会、体育活动 。
and it came down to what somebody else said here: that left the election on the other dimension , which might have been character or whatever .	这里有人说:这里有人离开选举的其他维度 , 这可能是字符或是什么 。
the findings highlight the importance of refining our understanding of the relationship between weight , body fat and disease , says loos .	洛斯说 , 研究结果表明 , 精确了解体重、体肥和疾病之间的关系的重要性 。
friends lists: allow your users to maintain a list of their onsite friends , and see who others have added as friends .	朋友列表:允许您的用户维护他们的网站朋友的列表 , 并且看看其他朋友添加了谁 。
politicians talk about wage equality , butmy father has made it a practice at his company throughout his entire career .	政治家谈论工资平等 , 但我父亲在整个职业生涯中做了一个实践 。
in the history , there were such cruel beauty fashions too , such as the chinese threeinch golden lotus and the western corset .	在历史上 , 中国三英寸的黄金莲和西部的尸体也有这样的残酷的时尚 。
earlier this month , apple granted both vodafone group and telecom italia the right to sell the iphone in italy .	本月早些时候 , 苹果在意大利销售iphone 。
'the concept is to stock your pantry with things you can't get or that you miss from home , ' mr . lord says .	耶和华先生说: " 概念是用你不能得到的东西来存储你的裤子 。 "
i agree with victor fleischer's basic premise that carried interest is a fee for managing other people's money .	我同意维多·弗莱斯切尔的基本前提 , 承担利益是管理其他人资金的费用 。
from a great deal of fogging experiment , getting that the directflash technique can satisfy the experiment .	从大量的挖掘实验中 , 得到直接闪光技术能够满足实验 。
there is 1500w separated wall type air condition set each in the two guest room , which can adjust the temperature .	两间客房有1500w独立的墙型空调 , 可以调整温度 。
an arresting image to draw the eye and cover lines that reward that curiosity by presenting an intriguing idea .	一个逮捕的图片来绘制眼睛和覆盖线 , 通过给出一个令人惊讶的想法来获得好奇的线条 。
my hands are small ; please don’t expect perfection whenever i make my bed , draw a picture or throw a ball .	我的手是小的 , 请不要期待我做床的时候 , 画一张照片或扔球 。
over the last five years , the chronicle found , their median increase , adjusted for inflation , was 19 . 6 percent .	过去五年来 , 慢性发现 , 他们的媒体增加 , 通货膨胀调整 , 是19.6% 。
methods the telomerase activity of a 2780 cells was examined by modified trapelisa assay .	方法采用改性trapelisa检测2780细胞的端粒酶活性 。
you don't need to make many choices , but if you are wondering what to do , consult the ocap ri project wiki page .	你不需要做许多选择 , 但如果你想想要做什么 , 请咨询ocapri项目wiki页面 。
as a freshman , i won't let you down and i believe that i will do my best to cooperate with this team well very soon .	作为一名新鲜人 , 我不会让你下来 , 我相信我将尽快与这个团队合作 。
emily dickinson lived with her unmarried sister lavinia in an elegant house called the homestead .	艾米莉·迪金森和她不婚的妹拉文尼亚住在一个名为 " 家乡 " 的高雅房子里 。
then i stayed up the whole night , waving a hardboard to keep mosquitoes from approaching her just like a guard .	然后我在整个晚上站起来 , 睡着一张硬板 , 让蚊子从旁边到达她身边 , 就像一个卫星一样 。
but when you start thinking about these issues in the context of what you're doing in the meditation , they make it even more stabilizing .	但是当你开始思考这些问题在你在冥想中做什么时候 , 他们甚至使它更稳定 。
yet in practice , we see that government officials belong to the most criminal and " lawless " profession around .	然而在实践中 , 我们看到政府官员属于最刑事和 " 无法律 " 专业 。
secretary . we're out of time ! you have to give encer acce to the carrion device and have it extracted from the city !	秘书长 , 我们离开时间了 ! 你必须给引擎加工装置并从城市提取它 !
to optimize the acoustics , we've built in a series of ports , each with its own unique purpose .	为了优化声学 , 我们已经建立了一系列港口 , 每个港口都是独特的目的 。
in 1946 , anna met her future husband general claire chennault , who was a major war hero in china .	1946年 , 安娜遇见了她的未来丈夫陈纳尔特 , 他是中国主要战争英雄 。
it needs men who can be prompted without an aim except the aim to be on the move , to function , to go ahead .	除了移动之外 , 还需要提高人员 , 否则不能提高目标 , 还需要提高人员的功能 , 才能前进 。
this actually i think derives from a greek word , " synkope , " synkope , synkope .	这实际上我认为从希腊语中推出来 , " synkope , " synkope , synkope , synkope 。
a further effect is the erosion of city revenues , as the propertyvalue base for such taxes continues to shrink .	进一步的影响是城市收入的侵蚀 , 作为这样的税收的财产价值基础继续缩短 。
now the m1 is maybe the best bike in motogp , yamaha have great riders , so it looks like they don’t need me any more .	现在 , m1也许是摩托加普最好的自行车 , 雅马哈有很好的骑手 , 所以它看起来似乎不需要我 。
for all the joy he bring to my life , for every dream he make come true , for all the love i find in him , i will be forever thankful .	对于所有的喜悦 , 他带来了我的生活 , 因为每个梦想都是真的 , 因为我在他身上找到的所有爱 , 我永远感谢 。
the black ant gains years of working experiences , cooperate with s&w to design special and perfect business plan .	黑蚁获得了多年的工作经验 , 与标准合作 , 设计专业和完善的业务计划 。
considering the same characteristic of the large mechanism remote testing , this system can be used in other large mechanism testing process and find farranging application .	考虑大机理远程测试的相同特点 , 本系统可以在其它大机理测试过程中应用 , 找到适用 。
one of the most popular recipe apps is epicurious with its 28 , 000 recipes from gourmet and bon appetit .	最受欢迎的烹饪应用程序之一 , 它的28 , 000个烹饪方式来自gourmet和博恩酒店 。
growth is slowing worldwide . it weakened from a year earlier in 19 of 26 countries that reported apriljune data .	世界范围内的增长速度越慢 , 它从一年前的26个国家中减弱了 。
traditionalists wring their hands about the " vaporization of value " and " demonetization " of entire industries .	传统主义者把他们的手放在 " 价值 " 和 " 整个行业 " 的货币化 。
and your cells making transfer rna , if they make a transfer rna molecule that has here , they only put leucine at the other end .	你的细胞使rna转移 , 如果他们在这里做出一个转移rna分子 , 他们只能在另一端放在leucine 。
relative water content , water saturation deficit , free water , bound water and cell sap concentration were all correlated with pf .	相对水含量、水饱和赤字、自由水、边界水和细胞sap浓度均与pf相关 。
the two major attacks , one in lahore and the other in quetta , killed more than 100 people and wounded hundreds of others .	两个主要攻击 , 一个在拉霍尔和奎特塔 , 死亡了100多人 , 伤害了数百人 。
it seems that there is no obvious law between the difference of flower colors and the content of total flavonoids .	看起来 , 花色差异与总黄酮含量的差异没有明显的法律 。
in grand style , the 1996 annual report is made of textured coffeecolored paper created from espresso grounds .	在大风格上 , 1996年的年度报告是由espresso地面创造的纺织咖啡色彩纸制成的 。
way home i strode easy steps , wearing sandals , with my heart , " pops , " sings its song .	回家走路 , 穿着沙滩 , 心里 , " 流行 , " 歌唱 。
no , i won't be drinking tonight because i am the designated driver . just give my glass of wine to the designated drunk .	不 , 我今晚不会喝酒 , 因为我是指定的司机 , 只要给我的酒杯给我指定的醉酒 。
at last , the difficulties of research on ladderlike polysiloxane are mentioned , and the development prospect is looked forward .	最后 , 提出了梯度类聚硅烷的研究难点 , 提出了发展前景 。
in this paper the fullscale test results of " the customs 301 boat " with or withoutflume tank and seas are presented .	本文给出了 " 301船 " 的全尺度测试结果 , 并给出了无流通坦克和海洋的 " 海关 " 。
however , there are other volcanic sites , such as mt etna , and volcanoes in china , that may fit the researchers' model .	然而 , 还有其他火山网站 , 例如mtttetna和中国火山 , 这可能适合研究人员的模型 。
pandu immediately sent out orders for the finest sapphires , rubies , and diamonds that could be had .	熊猫立即派出最好的沙普郡 , 橡胶和钻石 。
make sure you do not get bogged down with pressure and are allowing yourself some recreational activities like movies and dating .	确保你不会在压力下轰动 , 并且允许你自己的一些娱乐活动如电影和约会 。
she says that among her circle of friends , work choices is the issue that is likeliest to tip their vote away from the government .	她说 , 在她的朋友圈里 , 工作选择是最可能从政府中提高投票的问题 。
leaders of the two countries have reached consensus on adhering to the general direction of joint development and accelerating consultation .	两国领导人在坚持联合开发和加速咨询的总体方向上达成共识 。
that's bad news for arjen robben and joe cole and i'm struggling to see how they will earn a regular place in the team .	这是一个坏消息 , 阿森·罗本和乔·科尔 , 我在努力看看他们如何在团队获得一个常规的地方 。
in a home stay facility safely , water , enjoy pure water of the comfortable , afternoon 4 o 'clock because rain returns .	在一家住宅设施安全 , 水 , 享受舒适的纯水 , 下午4点下午4点 , 因为雨回来 。
hence , yu yingshi's textual research on the purity of the ideal world in a dream of red mansions holds little water .	因此 , 玉英石对理想世界纯粹的文本研究 , 在一个红色的梦想中 , 仍然有少量的水 。
this is achieved through the elimination , or masking , of both planned and unplanned downtime by eliminating single points of failure .	这是通过消除 , 或者制造 , 其中两个计划和不解决的下滑时间通过消除单个失败点来消除 。
right arm likelycontinuing recovery , as the left arms remains fixed while the left wrist flexesto initiate the pull .	右臂可能继续恢复 , 因为左臂仍然固定在左手腕fxesto启动拉动 。
objective: to study the expression of angiotensin ii type 1 receptor in hyperoxia induced chronic lung diseased .	目的:探讨血管张素i型受体在高氧诱导慢性肺疾病中的表达 。
contains response information returned as a result of a registration lookup table refresh operation on the peer resolver .	包含响应信息返回作为注册查找表新操作的结果 。
amendements any amendments to this contract shall be in the form of addendum in writing be signed by the buyer and the seller .	本合同的修改应当由买方和卖方签订的添加方式 。
high speed computing center in institute of space science provides high speed computing environment for students and faculty .	空间科学研究所高速计算中心为学生提供了高速计算环境 。
after having obtained the degree of licenciéès sciences , i entered ourisson's laboratory in october of 1960 .	在获得许可科学硕士后 , 我在1960年10月进入了我们的实验室 。
gpo's catalog of us government publications — a searchable database of federal publications , with links to those available online .	gpo的目录是美国政府出版的一个可搜索的联邦出版数据库 , 链接到可用的网上 。
between 2006 and 2010 , the u . s . pto did not award a single patent to any chinabased units of five out of the 10 companies .	在2006年至2010年之间 , 美国p图片并没有获得一个专利 , 为10家公司的五家专利 。
although anticipates to make the direction , but zhao wei also stressed that the performance work delimits the rests by no means .	尽管如此 , 赵伟也强调表演工作不仅限制了剩余的手段 。
second , hayek and robbins stress that the keynespigou skepticism about private frugality is shortsighted	第二 , 哈伊克和罗宾斯强调关键于私人水果的怀疑主义是短期观察的 。
the spartans in ancient greece were a nation that paid the greatest attention to eugenics and exercised important influences .	古希腊的西班牙人是一个最关注的国家 , 关注欧洲和运动的重要影响 。
constrained by its size , the virus uses overlapping shifted reading frames to generate the full complement of proteins .	由其大小约束 , 病毒使用重叠的阅读框架来生成蛋白充分补充 。
the second dimension is that you need much more fiscal stimulus — in the countries that can afford it — that is frontloaded .	第二维是 , 你需要更多的财政刺激--------------------------------------------------------------
clean and exfoliate your face by washing it with lemon juice . you can also dab lemon juice on blackheads to draw them out during the day .	清洁 , 用柠檬汁洗净 , 你也可以在黑头上戴柠檬汁 , 然后在白天抽出来 。
objective: to modify and develop the syndrome differentiation of threeyang and threeyin discussed in the classic of treatise on febrile disease .	目的:改善和发展三阳三阴的综合鉴别 , 探讨经典的经典性疾病 。
not in indoor optional piled up some flammable and explosive substances , indoor to absolute forbid fireworks .	不在室内选择性堆积了一些可燃和爆炸的物质 , 室内吸收防火 。
extends capabilities to automatically locate all databases , in both production and test environments , for monitoring and protection .	扩展能力自动定位所有数据库 , 在生产和测试环境中 , 用于监测和保护 。
domestically , our customers include bao steel , handan steel , anyang steel , jiugang group , and other large iron and steel groups .	国内 , 我们的客户包括宝钢、手工钢、橙钢、姜钢集团等大型铁集团 。
the u . s . secret service estimates that some $1 billion of counterfeit u . s . dollars are printed every year .	美国秘书服务估计 , 每年有1亿美元的反馈美元印刷 。
teacher's professional ethics in tao xingzhi's thought derived from two aspects: history and practice .	教师的专业道德从历史和实践两个方面出发 , 是道兴志的专业思想 。
in this paper , selforganize competition neural network is applied in the parameters' identification of asynchronous motor .	本文应用于异步电机识别参数中自组织竞争神经网络 。
objective to establish a hplc method for the simultaneous assaying of compound ofloxacin and ketotifen nasal sprays .	目的建立hplc方法 , 同时评价葡萄糖和ketotifen鼻喷雾的同时评价方法 。
it’s possible the u . s . defense establishment knew that china had cracked the f117’s secrets .	这可能是美国防御建立的可能 , 中国已经破坏了f17的秘密 。
according to a recent survey , about 78 . 9% of the college students want to further their study after their graduation .	根据最近的一项调查 , 大约78.9%的大学生希望在毕业后进一步研究 。
there's a ghost often described as harassment of human evil , was on behalf of justice for the eradication of momotaro .	有一个鬼经常被描述为人类邪恶的骚扰 , 正义为莫塔罗的行为 。
the high aperture ratio is achieved by overlapping ito pixel electrode and bus line using a photo_sensitive polymer .	采用光敏聚合物 , 实现了高温比 , 通过重叠itopixel电极和总线线 。
and the financial situation for graduates was especially bad , with half saying they had so much student debt they could not save .	毕业生的金融状况尤其糟糕 , 半数人说 , 他们有那么多的学生债务不能拯救 。
among his hit series , charlie's angels , love boat , dynasty , beverly hills 90210 and melrose place .	其中 , 查理的天使 , 爱船 , 王朝 , 贝弗利山90210和梅尔罗斯地方 。
the joint un programme on hiv/aids has set up a commission to study the disease and its impacts on development in asia and the pacific .	联合国艾滋病毒/艾滋病项目已经建立了一项委员会 , 研究亚洲和太平洋的疾病和其对发展的影响 。
as rosenblatt notes , criticism of black writing has often served as a pretext for expounding on black history .	作为罗森布莱特笔记 , 黑人写作的批评经常被当作黑人史上暴露的前提 。
you should be reminded that you will be disqualified to attend any revelant events about this conference unless you give correct and complete information .	你应该提醒 , 除非你给予正确的和完整的信息 , 否则你将会不会出席任何关于这个会议的显示事件 。
its bold engineer , thomas senkel , took the machine on its first manned flight this week lasting 1 minute 30 seconds .	它的大型工程师thomasssenkel , 本周第一架机器在持续1分钟的30秒 。
in view of my shallow knowledge , the lack of practical experience , the text of the error in the hope that readers criticized .	针对我深浅的知识 , 缺乏实际经验 , 希望读者批评的错误文本 。
at this moment , for me , the heart of earth is this sleepless spring night , greeting this early morning in tranquil meditation .	对于我来说 , 对于我来说 , 地球的心是这个无睡的春夜 , 今天早些时候 , 希望这位早晨在悲惨的冥想中 。
“migrants shouldn’t be treated so cruelly , ” says a despairing parent . “they are so prejudiced towards us . ”	" 移民不应该那么残酷地处理 , " 一位绝望的父母说 , " 他们对我们来说是如此的 。 "
the museum showcases animated characters from the studio's catalog of films and has a handson exhibit of an animation studio .	博物馆展示了从影片的目录中动画的角色 , 并且有一个手机展示动画工作室 。
join the flames together about a third of the way or midway from the base of the fire and have the flames separated going up from that point .	加入火焰 , 约三分之一的路或中途 , 从火基础上加入火焰 , 将火焰分离出来 。
night , quietly into the west , overlooking the earth 's subtle or , how many shadow hovers in the imagination of the edge ?	夜晚 , 静静静地进入西方 , 忽视地球的细微或是 , 在想象边缘有多少阴影激光 ?
when she whipped her silver mare on her right flank the mare went left , for a horse's first instinct is to flee from danger .	当她把她的银毛挂在她右边的右边 , 马的第一个本能就是逃离危险 。
the results show that transverse rolling sheet could create comparatively perfect structure due to the occurrence of secondary recrystallization .	结果表明 , 由于二次结晶的发生 , 由于二次结晶的发生 , 横轧板可以产生相对完美的结构 。
rfx and dfx move data between the current record of the data source and the field data members of a recordset object .	rfx和dfx之间的数据源记录和记录集对象的字段数据成员之间的数据 。
coordinating the balance of nitrogen supplicattion and nitrogen requirement by fertilizing made the rice yield stable and high .	结合氮供应和氮要求的平衡 , 使水稻产量稳定、高 。
furthermore each post with a new queen bee who led the subbed , then , look at the number inside the nest almost no honey .	另外 , 与一个新的女王bee一起 , 然后 , 看看网内几乎没有蜂蜜的数字 。
if johnson left camp with his crew to rebuild a road or a blownout bridge , gilbert waited for his return .	如果约翰逊和他的船员一起离开营地 , 就要重建一条路或一条无辜的桥梁 , 吉尔伯特等着回来 。
it has been proved that the adopted diversity heat treatment is a new method of realizing different property on relevant rotor forgings locations .	证明采用多样性热处理是实现相关转子锻造位置不同性能的一种新方法 。
product description: 1 ) novel appearance , beautiful printing and attractive color can upgrade the package of the drug ;	产品描述:1 ) 小说出现 , 美丽的印刷和吸引力的颜色可以提高药品包装 ;
since then , fathers had been honored and recognized by their families throughout the country on the third sunday in june .	自那以来 , 父亲在六月三日在全国的第三个星期天被家庭认可 。
why do so many of us plonk ourselves down in front of the telly with a microwave meal after a tiring day ? because it's convenient ?	为什么我们多数人都把自己放在桌前面 , 用微波的餐后一天微波的饭 ? 因为它很方便吗 ?
since json is just plain text with a simple bracketed structure , many channels can exchange a json message .	由于json只是用简单的包装结构来平原文本 , 许多通道可以交换json消息 。
drivers and attendants of emergency vehicles , unable to abandon their posts , died where they had stopped to give aid and assistance .	紧急车辆的驾驶员和参加者 , 无法放弃他们的职位 , 死在哪里他们停止给援助和援助 。
kevin rudd made a pact with the voters of australia last night to step forward with them and forge a new future for the nation .	kevinrudd在昨晚与澳大利亚投票人一起做出了一幅画面 , 以期与他们一起前进 , 忘记了澳大利亚的新未来 。
this article studies the reactionmechanism of oligomerization of butadiene and the situation of reaction product utilization .	本文研究了黄油化合物的反应机理及反应产品利用情况 。
once you start to look really closely , our wild flowers are as intimately beautiful as anything we cultivate in a garden .	一旦你开始仔细看 , 我们的野花就像我们在花园里培养的任何东西一样美丽 。
this wellpreserved painting is among thousands that were discovered on a 2008 expedition to document rock art in australia .	这本著名的画是在2008年澳大利亚文档岩石艺术中发现的千上万 。
life time is short...everyone has the right to enjoy life , to enjoy beatiful things , including this little gift .	生活时间简短...每个人都有权享受生活 , 享受美好的东西 , 包括这个小礼物 。
the effective up papaya soup red wine , red wine , the official website of papaya soup , wine , papaya soup with effect ?	有效的提高薪水汤红酒、红酒、帕尼亚汤官方网站、酒、帕尼亚汤等效果 ?
the results showed that the age of shaoxing ducks and dietary cp level significantly affected the cp retention ratio .	结果表明 , 绍兴鸭年龄和饮食cp水平明显影响了cp保留率 。
the new collections of custom furs around town reveal plenty of folderol , but there are practical things too .	城镇周围的自定义集中显示了很多文件夹具 , 但也有实用的东西 。
china international pro audio , light , music & technology exhibition undertaken by ceta is held each year from may to june .	中国国际音频 , 光 , 音乐和技术展览会每年5月至6月举行 。
therefore , it can be deduced that the doping level of the pani film increases with film thickness during film growing process .	因此 , 在电影生长过程中 , 可以推导帕尼电影的掺杂水平增加 。
the imt of carotid artery and the area of carotid atherosclerosis plaque significantly reduced compared with control group .	与对照组相比 , 颈动脉的动脉和颈动脉的区域显著降低 。
this paper summaries the structure of vsam file , and the data space , catalog , protection of data and functions of vsam .	本文总结了vsam文件的结构 , 以及vsam的数据空间、目录、数据保护和功能 。
methods 358 lesions of 79 stable vitiligo patients were treated 10 to 30 times with 308 nm excimer laser .	方法对308例nm激光治疗79例稳定性恶性肝炎患者358例病变进行治疗 。
relevent suggestions for smooth progress of the 2nd generation peasant workers " citizenization are rasied in the last part . "	第二代农民工平滑进步的相关建议 " 公民化 " 是最后一部分 。
those who preferred agency service enjoyed the agencies in shorter distance , lower cost and managed or supervised by the government .	那些喜欢机构服务的人在短距离、低成本和管理或政府监督机构享受了机构 。
the authors then assess their influence on physical and mechanical properties of rock in the three gorges reservoir area .	然后对三峡储层岩石的物理性能和力学性能进行了评价 。
if the machine where these servers are deployed is close to the minimum disk or ram requirements , then they should be reconfigured .	如果这些服务器部署的机器接近最小磁盘或ram需求 , 那么应该重新配置它们 。
methods patients were divided into different groups , then all patients underwent renal color doppler energy imaging examinations .	方法将患者分为不同群体 , 然后所有患者在肾色多普勒能量成像检查中 。
li glass in no mood to li junkai smile , always wipe out drunk that night with liu qian hui sex scenes .	李玻璃在没有情绪 , 毫无微笑 , 总是在那天晚上与刘乾慧的性感场景一起喝酒 。
on the other hand , discontinuing effective antidepressant medication during pregnancy entails a 60% or more risk of relapse .	另一方面 , 在怀孕期间 , 继续有效的抗抑郁药物含有60%或更多的复发风险 。
results in animal study , lumbricus could inhibit the growth of staphylococci , bacillus coli and bacillus aeruginosus .	结果动物研究中 , 肺炎能抑制葡萄球菌生长 , 杆菌肠杆菌和杆菌葡萄球菌的生长 。
when there are buildings , they're usually poor structures of mud or adobe that don't survive the rainy season .	当建筑物时 , 它们通常是贫穷的泥土或泥土的结构 , 它们不会生存下雨季 。
i think this could be a significant turning point . i think the economic crisis has shown up the weakness of uncontrolled immigration .	我认为这可能是一个很重要的转折点 , 我认为经济危机已经显示了不控制移民的弱点 。
and a universal cpldbased controller for twoamplitude actively clamped resonant dclink inverter is proposed too .	同时提出了一种基于cpld的基于cpld控制器 , 用于两个amplude的共振dclinkter 。
a criminal complaint charges mooresaia with stealing substantial funds from wells fargo during her time as a bank employee .	一个犯罪抱怨摩罗撒利亚在她的时候 , 就像银行员工一样 , 就从福利斯州偷走了大量资金 。
other civil servants shall normally participate in the offthejob training for not less than 12 days accumulatively every year .	其他公务员通常要参加在职业训练 , 不要每年积累的12天 。
the catalytic activated carbon deodorizing device was used for purifying odorous gases in sewage pumping station .	采用催化活性炭脱氧装置 , 用于清水泵站净化气体 。
the geonames geographical database is available for download free of charge under a creative commons attribution license .	geonames地理数据库可在创建性的共同属性许可下载免费的地理数据库 。
mistletoe also known throughout history as the golden bough has several different legends associated with its beginning and its meaning .	米斯托也在整个历史上被称为黄金买下了几个不同的传说与其开始和意义相关的传说 。
a particle swarm optimization algorithm for low voltage apparatus blanking part layout optimization was presented .	提出了一种用于低电压设备爆破部分布局优化的粒子扫描优化算法 。
that doesn't sound right . ' and finally the va told me that i was suffering from ptsd — posttraumatic stress disorder .	这听起来不对 。 " 最后 , 瓦斯告诉我我 , 我受到ptsd的压力障碍 。
in the temple courts he found men selling cattle , sheep and doves , and others sitting at tables exchanging money .	在寺院里 , 他发现男人卖牛、羊和狗 , 还有其他人坐在桌子交换钱 。
the vbelt equivalent coefficient of friction indicates that the bearing capacity of vbelt is higher than that of flat belt .	摩擦等效系数表明 , vbe带的承载能力高于平面带 。
children usually have night terrors at the same time each night , generally sometime in the first few hours after falling asleep .	孩子通常在夜间都有夜间恐怖 , 通常在睡眠的几个小时之后 , 通常有时候睡觉 。
the incremental cost per lifeyear saved was calculated for all eligible individuals and for highrisk individuals .	计算每年节省的增加成本 , 为高风险个人和高风险个人提供了计算 。
others may use the guibased administration tool provided by the container to modify the container based on a specific environment .	其他人可以使用基于gui的管理工具来修改基于具体环境的容器 。
licorice is a nourishing herbal medicine . the indication of licorice is expelling phlegm and arresting coughing .	许可是一种营养的草药 , 许可证明许可证正在推出phlegm和逮捕咳嗽 。
liren rpo consultant process outsourcing service provides part or overall specialized various services to customers during the recruitment .	lrenrpo咨询过程外包服务提供了部分或整体专业的服务 , 用于招聘期间的客户 。
for the past fifty or a hundred years , transferred nationalism has been a common phenomenon among literary intellectuals .	过去五十年来 , 转移民族主义一直是文学知识分子的常见现象 。
butyraldehyde glycol acetal was synthesized from butyraldehyde and glycol by using iodine as catalyst .	采用碘作为催化剂 , 合成了乙醛和甘油乙醛 。
this paper surveys interface automata , timed interface automata , resource interface and gamebased idea in them .	本文探讨了基于游戏的界面自动化、时间界面自动化、资源界面和基于游戏的思想 。
traumatic events , such as the 9/11 terrorist attacks , also tend to become seared in children's memories .	创伤事件 , 例如9/11恐怖袭击 , 也倾向于在儿童记忆中搜索 。
therefore , the initiation of semiotic study of the stars is of multidimensionally academic and practical significance .	因此 , 星球半理论研究的起始是多维学术和实践意义 。
students's good or bad will character plays a significant role in achieving teaching objects and teaching task .	学生的好或坏人物会在实现教学对象和教学任务中扮演重要的角色 。
that would undo years of reforms introduced by the liberal democrats to resuscitate japan's longstagnant economy .	这将是由于自由民主党引进的改革 , 重建日本长期经济 。
the advanced liquid nitrogen truck in the world has been applicated in oilgas production and has got good effect , which was imported in 1994 .	世界上先进的液氮汽车已在石油生产中应用 , 1994年进口得到了良好的效果 。
sure my strange addiction features people who dress like babies , collect dead things , and compulsively bathe in bleach .	确保我的奇怪的添加特点 , 如婴儿、收集死亡的东西 , 并且在漂亮中充分地沐浴 。
fdf president ross warburton said the ambition plan showed that members were taking a leading role in developing sustainable food production .	fdf总统罗斯·沃伯顿说 , 这项轰炸计划显示 , 成员们正在开发可持续食品生产的领导作用 。
rover had saved evazan again , by surrounding the doctor with his gelatinous form and dropping from the castle wall .	罗弗再次拯救埃瓦桑 , 周围的医生和他的格拉丁形式 , 从城堡墙上下跌 。
now let us also retrieve whatever portions of our grid work is our own from others , taking energy only and reweaving the holes and gaps therein .	现在 , 我们还可以检索我们的网格工作的一部分是我们自己的 , 只有在那里才能和我们的洞穴和空间 。
for someone who once subsisted on cookies and soda , the road to a wholegrain , occasionally vegetarian life began with this staple .	对于某些人来说 , 一旦在烹饪和肥皂中坚持下来 , 路上是一条全谷的道路 , 偶尔是蔬菜生命开始 。
finally , the " interface effect " and the occurrence of polycrystalline during the vgfgaas crystal growth were discussed .	最后 , 讨论了vgfga水晶生长过程中多晶体的 " 接口效应 " 及其发生情况 。
they often retain their telephone numbers , including the area code , when they move from state to state , so it is hard to know where they are .	他们经常保留他们的电话号码 , 包括区域代码 , 当他们从国家搬到州时 , 所以很难知道他们在哪里 。
methods 11 cases in exacerbation stage were chosen to study . swan ganz catheterization were taken for hemodynamic monitoring .	方法对11例加工阶段进行研究 , 采用天鹅甘肃血动力学监测 。
the aim of this thesis was to make some helpful research in this region though the research mode which was built in the thesis was still insufficient .	本论文的目的是 , 尽管本论文建立的研究模式仍然不足 。
business first , pleasure afterward , as king richard said when he stabbed the other king in the tower , before he smothered the babies .	商业第一 , 高兴后来 , 正如王理查德说 , 当他站在塔里的另一个王时 , 就在他吸烟婴儿之前 。
porous silicon and its preparation technology have been used broadly in the fields of microsensors because of its special p...	多孔硅和其制备技术在微传感器领域广泛应用于微型传感器的特殊领域 。
it looks as if that safety device is gone in this campaign and nothing will protect them from the hurt of failure at liverpool this evening .	看起来 , 如果安全设备在这次活动中走 , 就像今天晚上利物浦失败的一样 , 没有什么东西会保护他们 。
these images are from messenger , a nasa discovery mission to conduct the first orbital study of the innermost planet , mercury .	这些图像来自mesenger , 美国宇航局发现任务 , 以实现最内部的行星的第一个轨道研究 。
my former teacher told me that as an english major i should read major barbara , one of the major plays by g . b . shaw .	我的前老师告诉我 , 作为英语大学 , 我应该读大学芭芭芭芭拉 , 其中之一是g.b.haw的主要演员之一 。
jerome sans , curator of the exhibit , says liu's work shows one reality of a modernizing china the people who are left behind .	刘的作品显示了现代化的中国人留在后面的现代化现代化的中国人 。
with the three treasures he winged his way back to heaven . when he got outside the pearly gates , he decided to examine his mementos .	随着他走回天堂的三个宝宝 , 当他离开珍珠门外的时候 , 他决定检查他的纪念品 。
they may touch cheeks , lips , chests , legs , and feel their partner’s hand along their back , thighs , or stomach .	他们可能触摸脸颊 , 唇部 , 胸部 , 腿部 , 腿部 , 感觉他们的伴侣在背部 , 大腿或胃部 。
the regional climate response to land use and land cover changes of arid region in china is studied by a regional climate model .	利用区域气候模型 , 研究了我国旱地区的土地利用和土地覆盖变化 。
se plays its biofunction through selenoprotein , of which selenoprotein p is a special isoform with 10 se cysteines .	sse通过选择蛋白发挥其生物功能 , 其中 , 选择蛋白p是一种特殊异性的细胞素 。
it showed that the concentration of chci_3 and ccl_4 were higher in waterworks than in source water , especially for ccl_4 .	结果表明 , 水源水中chci3和ccl4的浓度比来源水更高 , 尤其是为ccl4 。
also , it should have a few big bombing scenes that could provide moments of action and destruction , so it is likely to be both fun and titillating .	另外 , 应该有一些大爆炸场景 , 可以提供行动和破坏时刻 , 所以可能是有趣的和直觉的 。
the bus was reaching the hill top and will go downhill after a turn . the right side of the bus was facing an unfathomable cliff .	公共汽车正在到达山顶 , 然后在一次转过后会下楼 , 公共汽车的右侧面正面临着一个不可置信的悬崖 。
“i want to be fair to my employees , ” explains mary ellen elia , hillsborough’s superintendent .	" 我想要公平我的员工 , " 希拉斯堡的超级代表玛丽·艾伦·埃利亚解释说 。
bookable associated or nonassociated facility such as a commentary position , observer seat , camera position , etc .	书籍相关或非相关设施如评论位置、观测器座位、摄像机位置等 。
it has been used by science communicators worldwide to develop strategies for involving the public in decisions relating to science progress .	由于科学通信者在全球范围内应用 , 涉及科学进展决策的开发策略 。
denmark led the pack with 72% of people reporting that they were thriving , while the united states came in at no . 12 , with 59% .	丹麦领导了包装72%的人报道 , 他们正在兴奋 , 而美国在12月12日出现 , 占59% 。
this article explores these considerations and discusses how an air or watercooled system can help you optimize your mig or tig welding performance .	本文探讨了这些考虑并讨了空气或冷却系统如何帮助您优化您的mig或tig焊接性能 。
there are some differences among them , the temporization is as much as the transcendent , but they enrich and develop the text theory together .	其中有一些差异 , 温度化与超越性相比 , 但它们丰富 , 共同发展文本理论 。
the academy awards started the visualeffectscategory in 1963 , though it was called “special effects” at the time .	学术奖于1963年开始了视觉效应类别 , 但当时它被称为 " 特殊效应 " 。
join exnavy seal richard " mack " machowicz on a wild ride around the globe in search of the ultimate weapon .	加入海豹理查德 " 马克 " 机械化在全球范围内搜索最终武器 。
i called my dad and it seemed that he had been waiting for the call and picked up and gave me the address incredibly efficiently .	我叫我的爸爸 , 似乎他一直在等待电话 , 然后给我一个地址很有效 。
deals heavy damage to your target over 9 seconds , and greatly reduces their armor . only usable from the sides or rear .	交易重伤害到目标超过9秒以上 , 大大减少了他们的装甲 , 只能从侧或后方使用 。
the division of malaria control of kenya , working with an international research team , has been monitoring the coverage and impact of this intervention .	肯尼亚的马拉里亚控制部门 , 与国际研究团队一起工作 , 一直在监测该干预的覆盖和影响 。
it can be deployed within 30 minutes , and its selfmanaging , selfhealing capabilities minimize the need for human intervention .	它可以在30分钟内部部部署 , 并且它的自我管理 , 自我治理能力减少人类干预的需要 。
pd ports has submitted plans to develop a us$102 million import centre at teesport for the use of a major uk retailer .	pd港已提交计划在tes体育中心开发一个美国10200万美元的进口中心 , 用于使用主要英国零售商 。
sentimental , timid and small nonpoint , prince of frozen cold , blunt nerve cavalier , dance big triangle !	情绪 , 潮湿 , 小不点 , 冷冻的王子 , 蓝神经柜 , 舞大三角 !
land disposal laws made it progressively easier for farmers to purchase undeveloped land from the huge public domain .	土地分散法使农民更容易从大型公共领域购买未开发的土地 。
in answer one mode you can set a predefined number and select the number of rings after which the phone should autoanswer .	在回答一个模式中 , 您可以设置预定义的数字并在哪个手机之后选择该自动解答的环数 。
approximately 20 , 000 employees at over 800 locations worldwide provide technology , system and knowhow optimization .	近2000多名员工在全球范围内提供技术、系统和知识优化 。
the next time you experience one of these emotions and you cannot figure out where it came from perhaps it came before your physical birth .	下次你经历了这些情绪之一 , 你不能发现它来自于你身体出生之前的地方 。
china , in short , would like to consolidate its industry into companies resembling bloomberg , time warner and viacom , analysts say .	分析师说 , 尽管如此 , 中国想把它的行业融合成与布鲁姆伯格、时代华纳和维拉克相似的公司 。
if a rac node stops working , oracle will not failover the dtp service until the oracle rac cleanup and recovery is complete .	如果rac节点停止工作 , oracle将不会失败dtp服务 , 直到oracle赛跑清理和恢复完成 。
in the nottoodistant past , a developing nation tended to be seen as a country that lacked access to modern technology .	在通知的过去 , 一个发展中国家倾向于被视为一个缺乏访问现代技术的国家 。
objective to investigate the evaluation of fdgpet delayed image in diagnosis of malignant neoplasm in abdomen .	目的探讨fdgpet延迟图像在腹部恶性肿瘤诊断中的应用价值 。
this paper analysed the traits of emergence of malodor contamination in summer and put forward corresponding manipulative measures .	分析了夏季疟疾污染的特点 , 提出了相应的操作措施 。
methods: by means of colorimetry the complex was determined by combining picric acid and berberine hydrochloride .	方法:采用彩色对称法测定葡萄糖酸与伯丁水氯化物的复合物 。
li yiliang was relieved of duties as delegate of the sichuan people's congress due to suspect of taking bribes .	四川人民国会代表李毅江由于怀疑贿赂 , 因此 , 由于四川人民国会的责任被解除 。
word of this follows earlier proposals from political advisors , calling on the government to relax the policy .	此次的话 , 早些时候 , 来自政治顾问的建议 , 呼吁政府放松政策 。
the reason why the whitecollars suffer increasing workrelated stress is that they pursue work achievement in career .	白领的原因是 , 白领的工作压力增加了工作压力 , 是他们追求工作成就 。
and then all this earthquake happened , i thought , is that karma ? when you are not nice that bad things happen to you .	然后 , 我认为 , 卡尔玛是这样的 , 当你不太好的事情发生在你身上 。
when codified , this collective knowledge makes a valuable extension to software patterns and classified as antipatterns .	在修改过程中 , 这个集体知识使软件模式和分类为反模式有价值的扩展 。
in this article , the recent achievement and application of magnetic polymer microspheres for immobilized enzyme are summarized .	综述了近年来磁聚合物微球的成果和应用情况 。
elephant trunklike dust pillars point towards the hot blue stars and are telltale signs of their eroding effect .	大象相似的尘埃柱点向热蓝色星 , 是他们的侵蚀效应的标志 。
but very old unix and linux systems didn't implement the protective mechanism snprintf is supposed to implement .	但是 , 非常老的unix和linux系统并没有实现保护机制来实现 。
if a shipper should use a p . o . box address , the recipients telephone number must be included on the label .	如果船员应该使用p.o.box地址 , 接收者必须在标签上包含电话号 。
that is the kind of study that we need to have in order to make a final decision about how long we really need to continue dual antiplatelet therapy .	这是我们需要的研究 , 我们需要做出最后的决定 , 我们真正需要多长时间继续抗板治疗 。
for whatever reason , i tend to think of him as a lowprofile “insider , ” but his publication history belies this image .	无论什么原因 , 我往往认为他是一个低文件 " 内部 " , 但他的出版历史相信这张图片 。
vila formerlyequaly sneaked in the goal for the national sports team , this time he scored against england .	维拉前平等的目标是为了国家体育队的进球 , 这次他对英格兰的比赛 。
the parents of old is old son return very jubilate , let an eldest son help its arrange the job immediately .	老儿子的父母是很高兴的 , 让一个最老的儿子立即安排工作 。
the energy centres are located at major branchings of the human nerve system from the base of the spine to the top of the head .	能量中心位于人神经系统的主要分支 , 从脊柱到头顶 。
you must trust your instinct when deciding on one specific business motivational speaker to rule and guide your team .	当决定一个特定的业务动机发言人规则并指导你的团队时 , 你必须相信你的本能 。
an initial version of a new connection web site , the clinical and translational science network , will be launched soon .	一个新的连接网站的初始版本 , 临床和翻译科学网络将很快发布 。
breakage is an important factor to influence wetting deformation of coarsegrained materials ; and farther study is necessary .	破裂是影响粗粒度材料湿变形的重要因素 , 要求更好的研究是必要的 。
the working principle of 3d scanning with structured light and the system calibration of atos optical scanner are introduced .	介绍了三维扫描的工作原理和atos光学扫描仪的系统标准 。
the world health organization has sent inspectors to the granjas carroll farm . the results of the investigation have not been announced .	世界卫生组织已发送检查人员到格兰贾斯卡罗尔农场 , 调查结果尚未公布 。
signing signature right have the attribute of personal right , involving status right and personality right , and property right and absolute right .	签名签名权有个人权利的属性 , 涉及地位权利和个人权利 , 财产权利和绝对权利 。
this article is a perspective study on its physical , chemical , biological properties and the immunochemical detecting methods .	本文对其物理、化学、生物学性能及免疫化学检测方法进行了研究 。
general macarthur described the weapon as " one of the strongest contributing factors to our victory in the pacific " .	一般宏观描述了武器作为 " 太平洋胜利最强的贡献因素之一 " 。
but the team concluded that those anomalies were created by jumbling of strata when debris flowed back into the crater after the impact .	但是 , 团队结论 , 这些异常是由于破碎后的冲击而造成的 , 当碎片流回到裂缝后 , 破碎的时候 , 这些异常会产生 。
likewise must the deacons be grave , not doubletongued , not given to much wine , not greedy of filthy lucre ;	同样 , 必须是坟墓 , 不要双重猜测 , 不要给许多酒 , 不要贪婪过滤的水果 ;
the two size mixtures of grafting starch and pva1799 were blending , and the stability of solution system was analyzed .	分析了移植淀粉和pva1799的两种大小混合物 , 分析了解决方案系统的稳定性 。
the preconcentrated juice is provided to a multieffect evaporator , which removes a second portion of water to form a concentrate .	预集中的汁为多效蒸发器提供了一种提供 , 它消除了第二部分的水分 , 以形成集中 。
in the summer of 1974 , an ancient junk of sung dynasty was excavated in quanzhou bay , fujian province .	1974年夏天 , 福建省泉州湾开辟了一条古代宋代的垃圾 。
to say that travel is the luxury – and not necessity – of the fossil fuel generation is an oversimplification .	要说旅行是奢侈品 , 而非必要性-化石燃料产生是一个过于简化的 。
this is in vertical position . 149 . 9 but i would think that the uncertainty of my measurement is probably 1 millimeter .	这是在垂直位置.149.9 , 但我认为我测量的不确定性可能是100米 。
this paper is an analysis on the current situation of internal accounting control within the agricultural research institutions .	本文分析了农业研究机构内部会计控制的现状 。
glass shows chemical inertness in the daily environment and does not react with living things , so it has extensive applications .	玻璃在日常环境中显示化学惯性并不与生活事物反应 , 因此它具有广泛的应用 。
the first total synthesis of squamosamide was achieved in seven steps by us , with an over all yield of 14% .	第一步通过美国实现了方胺的总合成 , 其产量超过14% 。
for example , if the registrar at a university is also taking courses , he or she may play the role of both student and registrar .	例如 , 如果在一所大学的注册人也在做课程 , 他或她可能会扮演学生和注册者的角色 。
migration results of the seg foothills overthrust model synthetic data shows that this approach is in high imaging accuracy .	运算结果表明 , 这种方法在成像精度高的基础上 , 这种方法在高成像精度上 。
we will ensure an adequate supply of agricultural products and increase farmers’ incomes through multiple channels .	我们将确保足够的农产品供应 , 并通过多渠道增加农民收入 。
objective to know mycobacterium culture , bacterial type and medicine sensitiveness of outerpulmonary tuberculosis .	目的了解外肺结核的细菌培养、细菌类型及药敏度 。
analysis has been carried out on the main factors which make the whole structure to be simplified , dutylightened and visualized .	分析了整个结构的主要因素 , 使得整个结构简化 , 责任照明和视觉化 。
synergism of certain essential oils when mixed with other essential oils or synthetic insecticides .	当混合其它原油或合成杀虫剂时 , 某些基本油的合成性 。
this means , there are no hidden elements that could improve the renderings later , making it easier for you to follow along .	这意味着 , 没有隐藏元素可以提高后面的渲染 , 使得你可以轻松地跟随 。
this example presents graphically , . the confidence level and uncertainty limit of gaussian of uniform r . v . .	这个例子是图形上说明的 , 高斯高斯的信心水平和不确定性的限制 。
the tube deformation characteristics on assel mill are deformation concentrating at shoulder and wall thickness in rolling zone increasing .	在滚动区内的管形变形特征正在集中于肩壁厚度和墙厚度的变形 。
generally that , do not the history of the private sector is not yet included in the official history of the history books .	一般来说 , 不要是私营部门的历史还没有包括在历史书的官方历史上 。
the 21st century is info society , and info security is one of the part of our national security stratagems .	二十一世纪是info社会 , info安全是我们国家安全战略的一部分之一 。
the effects of particle size of tungsten powders and tac quantity on densification and grain size were investigated .	研究了钨粉颗粒尺寸和tc量对密度和谷粒尺寸的影响 。
the drug resistant rates of two kinds of staphylococcus were similar , drug resistance to vancomycin was both 0 .	两种稳定葡萄糖耐药率相似 , 耐药性为0 。
stealth technologies , target characteristics and detection technologies for the stealth cruise missile are discussed .	讨论了隐形技术、目标特点和检测技术对隐形粗糙导弹的检测技术 。
objective to study high frequency color doppler ultrasound in pulmonary artery place affection imaging on children .	目的探讨高频彩色多普勒超声对儿童肺动脉感染的影响 。
the third rules are has carried on the numerical control complex components the processing programming as well as the simulation process .	第三个规则是在数控复杂的编程和仿真过程中进行的 。
objective: to discuss the feasibility of twodimensional ion chamber array in daily quality assurance of accelerator .	目的:探讨双维离子室阵在加速器日常质量保证中的可行性 。
educational ethnography is a research model or method that is applied the paradigm of ethnography in educational environment .	教育哲学是教育环境中的一种研究模式或方法 。
with the rapid development of industrialization today , industrial accident have become a common personal injury accident .	随着工业化的迅速发展 , 工业事故已成为一个常见的个人伤害事故 。
however , the poll showed people were less willing to date someone with a lifelong sexually transmitted disease or someone with poor hygiene .	然而 , 调查显示 , 人们不愿意与一个生命长的性传播疾病或贫穷的卫生有关 。
using coordinate rotation based on pwave particle vibration , aligning the source components at different depths have been achieved .	利用基于p波粒子振动的协调旋转 , 实现了不同深度的源组件 。
electric heating pads are cumbersome , generally inflexible , and don't work away from a source of electricity .	电热爸是数字化的 , 通常是不灵活的 , 而不要从电源出发 。
" zhuangzi " is the the warring states period zhuangzhou's works , which is one of the important classics of taoism .	" 庄子 " 是张州的战国时期 , 是道教的重要经典之一 。
the other compounds or treatment concentrations had no clear attractive or repellent action against the female adults .	其他化合物或治疗浓度没有明显的吸引力或反应对女性成年的反应 。
oblivious to its cause , this scientist called the photography company and ordered a replacement for the " defective " film .	显然 , 这位科学家称之为摄影公司 , 并订购了一个替代 " 缺陷 " 的电影 。
today and the coming next 10 days , i will be doing overtime at chq due to the huge amount of customer orders .	今天和未来10天 , 我将在chq上做过超时 , 因为大量的客户订单 。
he said he would ask congress to increase aid to pakistan but in return he expected pakistan to tackle the safe havens .	他说 , 他将要求国会增加援助巴基斯坦 , 但回归巴基斯坦希望巴基斯坦能够攻击安全的哈恩斯坦 。
if i use mms early and wisely , i may never have another cold , bronchitis , flu , or pneumonia in the future .	如果我早期和智慧地使用mmms , 我就不会有另一个寒冷、支气管炎、流感或肺炎 。
maybe there will be some kind of backlash when they hit adolescence , but at least they will have had most of their lives to assimilate the information .	也许 , 当他们袭击青少年时 , 可能会有一些背景 , 但至少他们还有大多数的生活都会有相同的信息 。
eclipse lets you automatically generate the hashcode and equals methods for your classes so you don't have to do it yourself .	eclipse让您自动生成hah代码和等于您的类的方法 , 这样你就不必自行做 。
the architect determines which use cases can be implemented by preexisting applications or services and which use cases need to be constructed or extended .	架构师可以通过预先的应用程序或服务来实现哪些用例 , 需要建立或扩展 。
we should rather recognize in it the speculative spirit of our language rising above the me 'eitheror' of understanding .	我们应该更愿意认识到我们的语言的猜测精神 , 上面的 " 理解 " 。
because microflows perform better than longrunning processes , use a microflow for your proxy process implementation if possible .	由于微流量比长期运行过程更好 , 如果可能的话 , 使用一个微流量来实现代理流程 。
but the stapes would not take on its familiar role as a component of the terrestrially adapted tympanic ear for millions of years .	然而 , 这个阶段不会以其熟悉的角色作为地球适应了数百万年来的典型耳朵的一部分 。
kim jongil inspects the newlybuilt kanggye farm at chagang province . photo released on december 11 , 2009 .	2009年12月111日 , 金正日在查江省新建的康吉农场检查 。
red colobus monkeys would be among the primates most threatened by warminginduced leaf changes , a new study says .	一项新的研究显示 , 红色的猴子将是最受热诱发叶变化的威胁之一 。
inspired participation in your game is choosing to engage in something that matters to you , playing it fully and enjoying it .	激励参与你的游戏 , 正在选择参与到你身边的东西 , 充分享受它 。
you shouldn't ask your date if they're having a good time , and you shouldn't ask the interviewer how you did at the end of the interview .	你不应该问你的日期 , 如果他们有很好的时间 , 你不应该问问你在采访结束时怎么做 。
and us retail major walmart has ruled that from 2008 , all its deep freezers in the us and worldwide will be lit up with leds .	美国零售主要沃尔玛2008年裁定 , 全球范围内的所有冰冻机将与led相关 。
the authors noted that prospective , randomized , placebocontrolled trials are needed to confirm the findings of this observational study .	笔者指出 , 前景、随机化、安慰剂控制试验需要确认该观察研究的结果 。
you know no more about unicorns than i do , for i've read the same books and heard the same stories , and i've never seen one either .	你不知道我做的不多 , 因为我读了同一本书 , 听到同样的故事 , 我从来没有看过一个 。
he says p2p players do almost everything that banks do—market products , evaluate borrowers , underwrite and service loans .	他说 , p2p玩家几乎完成了银行的所有东西 , 市场产品 , 评估借款者 , 写下和服务贷款 。
in the case of the sales house the program required linear movement from one end of the building to the other as a device to move people through .	在销售房子的情况下 , 需要从建筑的一端到另一端的线性运动来移动人们 。
tea attained the prime in tang dynasty , which spread from southwest china through yangtze river over thousands of years .	茶在唐代获得了唐代的总理 , 这是从西南地区传播出来的 , 数千年以上 。
after a long day at the office , you might be inclined to stagger home and collapse in front of your new flatscreen television .	在办公室的长一天之后 , 你可能会在你新平台电视前站起来 , 倒塌 。
in india , 8 . 6% of girls aged between 15 and 19 are having babies ; in nepal , that figure tops 10% .	印度 , 8.6%的女孩在15岁至19岁之间有婴儿 ; 在尼泊尔 , 这个数字最高的10% 。
kate's story examines kate's life as a photographer and accessories buyer , as well as being a party girl .	凯特的故事考试凯特的生活作为摄影师和配件购买者 , 以及成为党女孩 。
everyone can make you smile . many people can make you cry . but it takes someone really special to make you smile with tears in your eyes .	每个人都能让你微笑 , 许多人都能让你哭泣 。 但是 , 很多人真的很特别是让你笑着眼泪 。
as former marine and dog handler mike dowling put it in an interview , " as long as the dog is with the handler , he's loving life . "	正如前海洋和狗处理器迈克·多克在采访中说: " 只要狗跟处理者一起 , 他正爱生活 。 "
also while he was at disney , burton developed his blackandwhite short frankenweenie , about a boy who revives his dead dog .	还有他在迪斯尼 , 布尔顿开发了他的黑白短短的弗兰克·韦尼 , 大约是一个男孩 , 他的死狗 。
one expert argued that , for years , the united states has underinvested in technologies to make automobiles more fuelefficient .	一名专家认为 , 多年来 , 美国已经在技术上投资了 , 以使汽车更加富裕 。
people who are worried about losing their jobs do things that keep them from getting laid off they drink less and take fewer risks .	那些担心失去工作的人 , 使他们不会因为不要喝酒而减少风险而减少 。
pointing at a large concrete building in central zlitan , the man added: " they have a close watch on all our movements .	男子补充说: " 他们在中央扎利坦的一个大型混凝土建筑上指出: " 他们在我们所有的运动上都有密切的观察 。 "
hi frank if u had to release a single wot type of stuff would using about and would u like to do a duet wiv anyone ?	如果你必须发布一个单身的麻烦类型的东西会使用 , 你想做一个杜兰电视吗 ?
but when it comes to studenttofaculty ratio , their rankings drop , with tsinghua at 22th and peking at 23rd .	然而 , 当它来到学生的困难比例时 , 他们的排名下降 , 新华在22和23rd 。
the paper has put forward a new method for quickly and accurately predicting the shelf life of silastic with the least experiments and cost .	本文提出了一种快速和精确预测弹性寿命的最小实验和成本的快速预测方法 。
also check out your cellphone or pda—you'll never miss a deadline when your schedule is in your pocket or purse .	还要检查你的手机或pda-你从来不会错过你的计划在你的口袋里或追求的时候 。
in fact , susquehanna says , in january “kayak was priceline’s fifth largest source of traffic worldwide . ”	事实上 , 苏格兰纳说 , 1月 " 高雅克价格是全球第五大交通源头 " 。
we want 4 . 000 friends to our account only from greece and who will be mainly be advertising companies or type centers !	我们只需要4000个朋友来自希腊 , 谁主要是广告公司或类型中心 !
those who believe that transparency has inherent value , or that it should be the norm , may initially have difficulties with this approach .	相信透明度的人有内在的价值 , 或者它应该是正常的 , 最初可能与这个方法有困难 。
you can use this technique when you need to separate an input array into two or more smaller arrays based on criteria in the input data .	当您需要将输入数组分为两个或多个基于输入数据的标准时 , 您可以使用这个技术 。
the dow jones industrial average rose 178 . 08 points , or 1 . 53 percent , at 11 , 836 . 04 .	道琼工业指数上涨178.08点 , 或1.53% , 至11 , 836.04点 。
it's a step up , procedurally , from the bigbang model , in that it at least requires some idea of what the product requirements are .	这是一个步骤 , 程序上来自大型模型 , 它至少需要一些产品要求的想法 。
high quality steamed bread was made with adding a proper quantity of baking soybean flour or dietary fiber made from soybean hulls .	采用高质量蒸煮面包加入大豆粉或饮食纤维制成的大豆壳 。
the chemist jeanbaptiste dumas , french minister of agriculture , was charged with stopping the epidemic .	化学家jeanbaptiste杜马斯 , 法国农业部长 , 被指控停止流行 。
lee scott , the boss of walmart , the world's biggest retailer , is said to see great scope for improving his supply chain .	李斯科特 , 沃尔玛的老板 , 世界上最大的零售商 , 被称是为了改善他的供应链的伟大范围 。
and , israel continues to amass ground troops around gaza in preparation for a possible ground offensive .	因此 , 以色列继续在加沙周围的地面部队准备一次可能的地面攻击 。
tourists go to the beach , they go to lamu island , they go to malindi , they go to mombasa , they sit and drink beer .	游客去海滩 , 他们去拉密岛 , 他们去马林迪 , 他们去莫巴萨 , 他们坐着喝啤酒 。
sife is an incubator , breeding a lovingheart , nourishing selfconfidence and producing many a young group which can do well .	sife是一个诱惑者 , 育种爱心 , 营养自信和生产许多年轻的团体 , 能够做得很好 。
it is the cunning of reason , no doubt , but one has to recognize the cunning of the reasoner , and take one's hat off to him .	这是理由的惩罚 , 毫无疑问 , 但只要认识理由的惩罚 , 就要把一只帽子放在他身上 。
more gratifying is the fabric after cold rolling feel softer , quality improves , as benign and usher in a new customer .	更令人满意的是在冷轧后 , 质量改善后 , 如新客户的良好和用户 。
using pictures taken with the spitzer space telescope , scientists first removed light from closer stars and galaxies .	利用喷射器空间望远镜拍摄的图片 , 科学家首先从更近的星星和星系中删除了光 。
help your child set her own achievable goals she'll learn to take pride in herself and rely less on approval or reward from others .	帮助你的孩子设置自己的成就目标 , 她会学会在自己身上获得骄傲 , 依靠别人的批准或奖励 。
second , libya's cities and oases are islands in a sea of sand and of pivotal importance as supply depots .	第二 , 利比亚的城市和奥斯匹斯岛位于沙滩和海洋 , 作为供应储备的重点 。
other names for this bird are celebes imperial pigeon , celebes green imperial pigeon and green imperial pigeon .	这只鸟的其他名字是白豆帝国鸽子 , 庆祝绿色帝国鸽子和绿色帝国鸽子 。
keep it clean , clear , pseudo impartial , but definitely focused on benefits for specific customers .	保持它清洁 , 清晰 , 伪装 , 但确实关注于特定客户的利益 。
a major part of economic theory deals with largescale phenomena such as stock market fluctuations or gross national products .	经济理论的主要部分 , 包括股市波动或谷歌国家产品等大规模现象 。
step 7: social life giving yourself a break from the activity which is stressing you is as good a relaxation tool as any .	第七步:社会生活让自己从强调你的活动中突破自己 , 强调你是好的放松工具 。
and in the case of the completely inelastic collisions that we have seen last time , we lost kinetic energy , which was converted to heat .	在上次我们看到过的完全弹性碰撞时 , 我们失去了动力能量 , 这将转换为热量 。
also , gypsies may be buying pieces of land on green belts and have little or no knowledge of the administration system .	同时 , 体育可能会在绿带购买一块土地 , 并且没有知识管理系统的知识 。
spanish is what we call a " romance " language , meaning that it is based on latin , the language of the ancient roman empire .	西班牙语是我们所称的 " 浪漫 " 语言 , 这意味着它是基于拉丁语、古罗马帝国语言的 。
apple is allowing publishers to set their own prices , and the titles shown at the demo retailed for $12 . 99 and under .	苹果允许出版商设置自己的价格 , 而且在demo零售中显示的名称为12.99美元 。
he says celebrities who act like they do not want to be photographed are hypocrites who secretly adore the attention .	他说 , 像他们一样的名人不想被摄影的是那些秘密的关注者的缺点 。
a hardness separation system for steel ball based on preventive multifrequency testing eddy current technology was presented .	提出了一种基于预防多频测试eddy电流技术的硬度分离系统 。
this creates a field with a matching label on the design canvas and automatically binds the field to the node in the instance .	这在设计蜡烛上创建了一个匹配标签 , 自动绑定字段在实例中节点 。
the activities of pod in the serum , muscle and hepatopancreas of the injected shrimp remained stable .	注射虾的血清、肌肉和肝胰腺的活性仍然稳定 。
but he was a gallant warrior , and when he rose to make his final adieu his mouth was grimly set and his shoulders were squared .	但是他是一名勇士 , 当他上升时 , 他的最后一次嘴里灰地设置了 , 他的肩膀就平方了 。
for example , belgium sent four f16 jets and 150 military personnel to help with the libyan nofly zone .	例如 , 贝尔吉姆发送了四架f16喷气和150名军事人员帮助利比亚没有飞行区 。
redwinged blackbirds were perched on fence posts . farmers were out in their fields , preparing for another season .	红色鸟在篱笆上被认为是红色鸟 , 农民们在他们的领域 , 准备了另一个赛季 。
the state could not curtail such activities without inflaming the entire populace , although it periodically tried .	虽然它周期试图试验 , 状态不能清楚这样的活动 , 但不会燃烧整个人口 。
one brand that's hot in the fashion world is miro , and its trendy designs of clothing and shoes originate in barcelona .	时尚世界的一个品牌是微型的 , 它的服装和鞋子来自巴塞罗那 。
but days later , experiencing something similar while i was alone triggered a memory that made me miss andy acutely .	但是几天后 , 经历了类似的东西 , 当我独自触发了一个记忆 , 让我很急地失去安迪 。
at the same time , close study of the text has been an ample reward to use for the effort expended , as we hope it will be to others .	与此同时 , 关于文本的研究一直是一个广泛的奖励 , 因为我们希望它将成为其他人 。
the paper is concerned with two aspects:a necessary and sufficient condition for convex hull of a set in e2 being closed ;	结合两个方面 , 论述了一套关闭e-2的电流壳的必要条件和充分条件 ;
in the movies he always wore a fake mustache , had poor man's clothes and often walked funny with a cane .	在电影中 , 他总是穿着一件破碎的肌肉 , 穿着穷人的衣服 , 经常用罐子走去玩笑 。
france mercilessly crushed rebellions in tonkin , and sat back while over one million vietnamese starved after world war ii .	法国在坦克林不合情地破坏了反叛 , 而且在第二次世界大战之后 , 坐在一百多万越南人回来 。
as a result , you get two parallel connectors , one for each navigation direction , from screen 1 to screen 3 , and one back .	因此 , 您可以得到两个并行连接器 , 一个为每个导航方向 , 从屏幕1到屏幕3 , 一个回到屏幕3 。
yet when standardsize clothes are altered for a man like mr . lefkowitz , the final proportions can come out all wrong .	然而 , 当标准尺寸的衣服变成像莱弗科维茨先生这样的男人时 , 最后的比例可以出现错误 。
the route varies every year , taking riders and fans through mountains , tiny towns , and the streets of paris .	每年各样的路由不同 , 带着骑手和扇子穿过山 , 小镇 , 以及巴黎的街道 。
qg: you have been practicing in landscape design and urban design for 15 years . did you ever have any frustration in your career ?	问:你一直在实践在15年的景观设计和城市设计 , 你有没有在你的职业生涯中有什么沮丧 ?
an elegant chardonnay from yarra valley with delicious citrus , nectarine and fresh apricot flavors .	来自雅拉山谷的雅拉山谷 , 美味的柑橘 , 荷兰和新鲜的杏仁味道 。
" the child stared at him open mouthed and horrified for a minute , then gasped: " didn't you get my email ?	" 孩子站在他打开嘴里 , 吓了一分钟 , 然后盖斯: " 你没有收到我的电子邮件吗 ? "
southwest said three planes had cracks similar to those in the phoenix jet and would be repaired before they fly again .	西南说 , 三架飞机与凤凰飞机相似 , 在飞行之前再次修复 。
direct mail and telephone solicitation are such effective fundraising tools that most large social movement organizations use one or both .	直接邮件和电话解决是如此有效的基础工具 , 大多数大型社会运动组织都使用一个或两者 。
engineers have long known that designing smaller , lighter vehicles is an ideal way to meet tighter fueleconomy standards .	工程师长期知道 , 设计更小、更轻的车辆是满足更强的燃油经济标准的理想途径 。
listen people the senator is 25 points ahead in the polls but he wants us to keep running scared like we're way behind .	听众参议员25分以前的参议员 , 但他希望我们能保持我们的跑步 , 就像我们背后的路一样 。
safrian added , “they knew his face , and . . . even after ten days , staying in the sun , his face had not changed ! ”	萨弗里安补充说: " 他们知道自己的脸 , 甚至在十天后 , 呆在太阳里 , 他的脸没有改变 ! "
this article clears the measuring coupling relationship between horizontal azimuth and pitch angles by detailed mathematical deduction .	本文通过详细的数学推导 , 阐明了水平目标与坑角之间的耦合关系 。
first , it proved indubitably that she and her husband occupied separate rooms , in itself a shocking enough state of affairs .	首先 , 证明她和丈夫占据了独立的房间 , 在一个足够震惊的事情状态下 , 她和丈夫就占据了独立的房间 。
it's highly prohibited that nonoperator or nonrepairman should enter the safety protection rails of the mold soaker to avoid scorching .	高度禁止非经营者或非维修人员应进入模具隔离器的安全保护铁路 , 以避免分割 。
at present , the development and application of acetate fibers in textile industry in some developed countries such as america and japan have been relatively mature .	目前 , 在一些发展中国家和日本的纺织工业中 , 醋酸纤维在纺织工业中的发展和应用已相对成熟 。
the accuracy of the aromas index model of tobacco established in this study on tobacco aromas types was 87 . 9% .	本研究建立了烟草烟草烟草类型的芳香指数模型的精度为87.9% 。
methods:the models with hyperglycemia were induced by alloxan to observe the effects of balsam pear grande on the blood sugar .	方法:采用异氧氧烷对高血糖的影响 , 观察高血糖的影响 。
in addition , the learning content and function structure are abstract to the educational model in practice by eml educational modeling language .	此外 , 利用eml教育建模语言对教育模型的学习内容和功能结构进行了抽象 。
based on geostatistics regionalization variable and variogram , kriging interpolation technology was described in detail .	详细介绍了基于地理学区域化变量和变量图的基础上 , 详细地描述了kriging插值技术 。
if allowed to come into contact with the skin , croton oil causes blistering and painful skin irritation which can last up to three weeks .	如果允许与皮肤联系 , 克罗顿油会引起突出和疼痛的皮肤灌注 , 那么可以持续三周 。
the discrete time sliding mode controller design for stability and active power distribution of a twogenerator parallel running system is discussed in this paper .	本文讨论了双发电机并行运行系统的离散时间滑动模控制器设计 。
though more cases were reported by the specific reporting system than the routine system , the problem focus on delayed reporting cases . so , it is needed to perfect...	然而 , 由于特定报告系统的报告系统报告更多 , 问题重点关注延迟报告案例 , 因此 , 需要完善报告系统 。
more than 500 relief agencies are operating in haiti and the skies are filled with aircraft ferrying supplies to portauprince .	超过500个救援机构正在海地运营 , 天空充满飞机发电供应到港口 。
as a kind of ideal transmission medium in the shortdistance communication network , polymer optical fiber has great foreground of development .	聚合物光纤作为短距离通信网络的理想传输介质 , 具有良好的发展前景 。
this amerigo accompanied several expeditions to the new world and actually found a great deal of new land in the southern part of the hemisphere .	这个美国与新世界相伴 , 实际上发现了一大量新土地在半球南部的一部分 。
alli alloys is a new type of material of airplane construction which rises recently . it is famous at its low modulus of elasticity .	合金是近年来飞机建设的一种新型材料 , 是其弹性较低的飞机结构 。
and answer is " it " imperative tool settlement does not provide " emissions " regulations and the environmental protection agency for compliance .	答案是 " 它 " 实现工具解决不提供 " 排放 " 的规定和遵守环境保护机构 。
in the fortieth year of the reign of david they were sought for , and there were found among them mighty men of valour at jazer of gilead .	在大卫的前一年 , 他们被认为是为了寻找的 , 他们中间有很多人在吉拉德的杰拉德的杰雷德 。
compared with economic strength and practical needs of both sides , bilateral business cooperation enjoys huge development potential .	与经济强度和实践需求相比 , 双边业务合作具有巨大的发展潜力 。
the predominance of positive experiences permits the absorption , integration , and mentalization of the negative segment of experience .	积极体验的优势允许吸收、整合和精神化经验负段 。
dried fish , dried squid , shells , sea cucumbers , shelled shrimp , dried sea snake , agar , and others .	干鱼 , 干鱼 , 壳 , 海瓜 , 壳子 , 壳子虾 , 干海蛇 , 糖等 。
with the method of prescribed burning , the effects of burning on leymus chinensis population in inner mongolia steppe were discussed .	针对燃烧的方法 , 讨论了燃烧对内蒙古地区的燃烧效果 。
when phosphate fertilisers are used in such countries , yields increase but at a high cost to farmers and to the environment , he said .	他说 , 当磷酸盐肥料在这种国家使用时 , 产量增加 , 但在农民和环境方面 , 产量增加 。
objective to compare the contents of amygdaloside in ephedra decoctions made by using traditional method with that by soaking granules with boiling water .	目的比较采用传统的方法 , 采用浸泡颗粒的浸泡法制备乙酰胺的含量 。
only , a dynamics model of bridging fiber is built , fracture dynamics problems of composite materials are solved very well .	唯一 , 建立了桥梁纤维动力学模型 , 解决了复合材料的断裂动力学问题 。
christian dior launched a multimedia photo exhibit in shanghai in midmay , showing off its lady dior line of handbags .	基督徒离婚在上海发射了多媒体摄影展 , 展示了它的手袋的女人离婚线 。
in 2002 , hm king abdullah ii of jordan outlined a strategy to make jordan a regional information technology hub .	2002年 , 约旦的hm国王abdullahi概述了一个策略 , 使约旦成为一个区域信息技术hb 。
in your life , be sure to make yourself more magnanimous , for a person like that won't be puzzled with insoluble problems and can be optimistic .	在你的生活中 , 肯定要让自己更加壮观 , 对于一个人来说 , 就像一个人不会被困难的问题 , 可能是乐观的 。
art form is an important category in simmel's art thoughts , and is also the expression of aesthetic redeeming in ails .	艺术形式是西米尔艺术思想中的一个重要类别 , 也是阿里斯的美学重新表达 。
as you will be loving for the longhaul , make sure you avoid the friction , pain , and discomfort that can result from working each other raw by using lube .	正如你喜欢长寿的那样 , 确保你避免摩擦 , 痛苦 , 并且不舒服 , 可以通过使用卢比来工作彼此的原因 。
in some places , one person will play a small gong and sing songs to praise the coming of spring . this person will give a picture of an ox to every household .	在某些地方 , 一个人会扮演一个小歌曲 , 唱歌歌 , 赞美春天的来临 , 这个人会给每个家庭带来一张牛仔的照片 。
oh , captain butler , you shouldn't hold me so close . i will be mad if you do ! another dance and my reputation will be lost forever .	哦 , 班长巴勒 , 你不应该把我那么接近 。 如果你做的话 , 我会很疯 ! 另外一个舞蹈 , 我的声誉会永远失去 。
in the long span of the chinese history , the descendants of the yellow emperor have been righteously proud of the existence of the outstanding confucius .	在中国历史悠久的西班牙 , 黄帝的后裔一直在自豪地骄傲了出色的孔子 。
his colossus , whose size would be appropriate to a temple or city square , is a young , crouching , barefoot boy .	他的色彩 , 他的大小将适合一个寺庙或城市广场 , 是一个年轻的、青春的、不足的男孩 。
the results of landscape index of ndvi patch grades in thousand island lake area reflect the status of the plant communities on them well .	数千个岛屿湖区ndvipatch水平的景观指标显示了植物群落的现状 。
more organic fertilizer can not only improve soil aggregates structure and basic character , but also be propitious to the effect of water and soil coupling .	更多有机肥不仅能提高土壤聚合结构和基本特性 , 而且对水土耦合效果有显著意义 。
this unique , easy to rinse formula leaves hair soft , smooth and easy to manage with a fresh , light fragrance .	这种独特的 , 很容易上升公式的叶子柔软 , 光滑 , 很容易地管理新鲜 , 光折射 。
pedrito tried once more to picture his wife and small son , his parents and his relatives , all of whom he felt certain were standing outside .	佩德里托试图画出他的妻子和小儿子 , 他的父母和他的亲戚 , 所有他都觉得自己在外面站着 。
this paper proposes a threedimension reverse design method of blade based on turbine according to the flow parameters and revolution of pump .	本文提出了一种基于涡轮发动机的三维逆转设计方法 , 根据泵流参数和改革的方法 。
it now contains a bouquet of highend boutiques , possibly what mr . beane’s joke about those antiques dealers was alluding to .	现在它包含了一个高端的波特 , 可能是beane先生对这些古董经销商的笑话 。
when the new trains start running it will only take one and a half hours . that's just a little longer than it takes to eat lunch and have a nap !	当新火车开始运行时 , 它只需要一半小时 , 这只是比吃午餐的时间要长一点 , 还要吃一顿午餐吧 !
sulzer chemtech was built on innovation and the key to our success continues to be ongoing development of new ideas and concepts .	苏尔泽化工是建立在创新和我们成功的关键 , 继续发展新的思想和概念 。
however , mscs cocultured with normal hippocampal slices expressed bdnf at a lower level at any times of coculture .	然而 , mscs在任何时候都在文化层面上表达了bdnf 。
of all the fragrances — sandal , tagara , blue lotus and jasmine — the fragrance of virtue is the sweetest .	其中所有的香味都是沙漠、塔加拉、蓝莲和jasmine--美德的香味是最甜的 。
company is a foreign investment company under b multicountry company , which belonging to the h steel group , the largest steel enterprise in australia .	公司是一家在多国公司的外国投资公司 , 属于澳大利亚最大的钢铁企业 。
according to the hibernate shards documentation , this property is quite expensive and should be turned off in a production environment .	根据hibernateshards文档 , 该属性非常昂贵 , 应该在生产环境中转移 。
uprise shocked regnant group of rome , become acute clique of the noble in curia and the contradiction that civilian sends .	罗马的上升令人震惊的荣誉团体 , 成为了克里亚的贵族和民事发送的矛盾 。
objective: to study the composition , microstructure and microhardness change of the surface reaction layer of titanium cast with three investments .	目的:探讨钛铸件表面反应层的组成、结构和微硬度变化 。
metrics tool performance and compatibility the volume of our data overwhelmed our hyperion brio desktop metrics tools .	冶金工具性能和兼容性 , 我们的数据超过了我们的超级英国桌面计量工具 。
literature evaluation: among 3 501 obtained indexes , 35 concerning inclusion criteria were selected for summarized .	文献评价:总结了3501指数中 , 35项涉及的包裹标准 。
multiple sizes or alternative facepiece designs can provide the individual with additional options for obtaining a good fit and seal .	多个尺寸或替代面料设计可以为获得良好的适合和密封提供额外的选项 。
firstly , according to the news text , the figure is found among urban employees which is to say not include people without a work .	首先 , 根据新闻文本 , 城市员工中发现的数字是不包含工作的人 。
though wimbourne does not exist in modern britain , there is a wimborne minster a small town on the southern coast of england .	虽然wmbourne在现代英国没有存在 , 但在英国南部海岸有一个小城镇 。
also , to stimulate the economy , the government should back low interest loans . uh , this is for housing , cars , bigticket items .	同时 , 为了刺激经济 , 政府应该回归低利贷款 , 这是为了住房、汽车、大市场项目 。
rebooting geronimo will correct the error for one , but then generate the exception again when the database is accessed by the other .	重新启用geronimo将纠正一个错误 , 但是在访问另一个数据库时再生出异常 。
kate beckinsale , playing a nurse , declares . " before doolittle's raid , americans knew nothing but defeat ; "	凯特·贝金斯尔 , 扮演一名护士 , 宣布说: " 在多利特利的袭击之前 , 美国人知道没有什么但是打败 ; "
after analyzing cop cobweb algorithm , an approach for combining background knowledge into category utility was proposed .	在分析cobweb算法的基础上 , 提出了一种结合背景知识的方法 。
the root length , the state of root system , stem height , stem basal diameter , biomass of above and belowground were investigated .	研究了根系的根长、茎高、茎基直径、上下面的生物量 。
a letter believed to be written by mostafaei was posted on the internet on saturday , calling for the release of his relatives .	一封信信相信 , 大多数afaei在星期六发布在互联网上 , 呼吁他亲戚的释放 。
studies show that the smoking cessation drug such as zyban , available by prescription , helps many people quit without gaining weight .	研究表明 , 吸烟药例如zyban , 可用处方 , 帮助许多人无法获得体重 。
a total of 12 eligible studies representing 7 of 10 incidence groups in 24 jeendemic countries were identified .	鉴定了24个犹太国家的10个发病组中总有12个可行的研究 。
science and real estate development to determine the size of the supply of land to enhance landuse regulation to stop land hoarding behavior .	科学和房地产开发以确定土地供应大小 , 以提高土地利用规范 , 以阻止土地卫生行为 。
then the method of combustion heat is employed to distinguish the stability of heat in different crystal modifications of disperse violet hfrl .	然后采用燃烧热的方法 , 分别对不同的分散紫外线hfrl水晶改性的稳定性进行了区分 。
the doctorial advisor team construction of the doctorial students is vital to the training qualities of the doctorial students .	医生建设学生的医学顾问团队对医生培训素质有重要意义 。
in this paper , a power balancing method is proposed in multiinput multioutput cellular systems , and ber performance is analysed .	针对多输入多输入多输入多输出细胞系统的功率平衡方法 , 分析了ber性能 。
the clustering technology provides a lowlevel messaging structure which keeps all the nodes in the cluster synchronized .	集群技术为集群同步提供了一种低级消息结构 , 它保持集群中的所有节点 。
the flu virus is usually spread in the small droplets of saliva coughed or sneezed into the atmosphere by an infected person .	流感病毒通常被感染的人传播在沙利瓦咳嗽或喷雾的小滴滴中 。
the xml encryption specification lists a number of required and optional cryptographic algorithms including	xml加密规范列出了许多需要和选择的密码算法包括包括的内容 。
jinshun warns mingzhang not to break zhenghong and jiahui up or he would divulge mingzhang's true identity .	金顺警告明章不要破郑中和嘉惠 , 还是他会离婚明章真正的身份 。
he seemed studiously to seek out all the tender spots in her consciousness so as to inflict on her the cruellest wounds possible .	他似乎很大程度上去寻找她的意识中的所有十分点 , 所以 , 尽管对她最危险的伤口有可能冲突 。
research indicated cellular automata modeling technology is one simple effective method to study the dynamic problem of traffic flow .	研究表明 , 细胞自动化建模技术是研究交通流流动力学问题的一个简单有效的方法 。
foreigners can apply for chinese driving license using their respective country's drivers license . the information on the same is as shown below .	外国人可以使用他们的各个国家的司机许可证申请中国驱动许可证 , 相同的信息就如下所示 。
the processing of the nonstaple cereals include the processing of oat , buck wheat and barley as well as the preparation of barley malt .	非塑料面积的加工包括加工oat、巴克麦和巴利的制备 , 以及巴利麦的制备 。
the chemical industries special ltd . was a successful example that government and merchants cooperated under the special ltd .	化工业有限公司是一家成功的实例 , 是政府与商人合作在特殊有限公司 。
the wave induced seabed liquefaction is a main attributor to forming of the submarine physiognomy in huanghe river delta .	波导致的海洋液化是黄河三角洲潜艇生理学形成的主要原因 。
the algorithm and the learning rule of the neuron adaptive pid controller for pulp consistency control system are described in this paper .	本文介绍了脉冲一致性控制系统神经元自适应pid控制器的算法和学习规律 。
turnofthecentury elocutionists taught their students how to gesture to communicate specific emotions or messages .	学生如何在特定情绪或消息交流时 , 如何教会他们的学生 。
conductivities measured at room temperatures must be corrected if they are to be used for rocks at depths greater than about 1000m .	测量房间温度的导电性必须正确 , 如果它们在深度大于1000毫米左右使用岩石 。
ceramiclined compound copper tube is used in tube mould having excellent service effects and decreasing the production cost of tube blank .	陶瓷化合铜管采用在管模具优良的服务效果下 , 降低管坯生产成本 。
the " he runs , the nobody smiled ...... " yan sen moment turns the facial statement of face for the cordial style form .	" 他跑了 , 没有人笑着...... " 燕敏时刻转变了面对的面声明 , 表现为皮肤风格的形式 。
some strong seedlings in the first four to five leaves and smoke after the second take ear , born in the removal of the ear was spent .	第四至五个叶子和烟后 , 一些强的苗子出生在耳朵的出生时 , 就花了 。
this paper presents the development of a new power coil , which is to address the problem of power supply for online monitoring system in high voltage side of transmission lines .	本文介绍了一种新型电力线圈的开发 , 旨在解决在线监控系统在高电压边的电力供应问题 。
the retail space in kingkey financial centre in caiwuwei , luohu district , will be launched for prelease shortly .	罗湖区的关键金融中心的零售空间 , 将短期推出 。
on december 15 , i reached an omnibus budget agreement with congress , the last major legislative victory of my eight years .	15年12月15日 , 我与国会达成了一份omnibus预算协议 , 最后一次在我八年的最后一次立法胜利 。
it has all the benefits related to loosely coupled architecture , such as code reusability , and it also limits the testing effort required .	它有关于松散耦合架构的所有好处 , 例如代码重用性 , 它也限制了要求的测试努力 。
like a person swinging a tennis racket in her right hand , the decay of cobalt 60 has an intrinsic handedness that is reversed by a mirror .	就像一个人在她右手打网球的时候 , 60年代的球迷们有一个内在的手柄 , 被镜子扭转 。
just as in previous seasons there seems to be no real link between the midfield and the attack , and the need for a new trequartista is glaring .	就像以前的季节似乎没有真正的联系在中场和中场之间的袭击之间 , 对于新的季节来说 , 对于新的季节来说 , 人们来说 , 似乎没有真正的联系 。
joshua was grateful for god's help . he knew that the israelites would have to fight many battles before they could live happily in their new homeland .	约书为上帝的帮助 , 他知道以色列人必须在他们的新家乡生活很高兴之前 , 以色列人必须战斗许多战斗 。
facebook’s ad sales team is now led by carolyn everson , who replaced longtime vp of global sales mike murphy .	facebook的广告销售团队现在由卡罗琳·埃弗森领导 , 他取代了长期的全球销售迈克·穆菲 。
at last , we give a example of this model , and analyse some influencing factors of the price of a ratecapped swap with bermudan swaption .	最后 , 给出了该模型的例子 , 并分析了一定程度的影响因素 , 用贝尔姆丹的快速快速转换的价格影响因素 。
stars and planets form within swirling clouds of dust and gas that visible light cannot penetrate , but which infrared radiation can .	星球和星球形成的尘埃和气体 , 可见光不能渗透 , 但红外辐射能 。
but as mr . sandman cautions , an impressively documented process only has the appearance of control , thus having only the feel of mitigating risk .	但正如桑德曼先生所说的那样 , 一个印象深刻的文档过程只有控制的出现 , 因此只有减轻风险的感觉 。
her life was often regarded as a fairytale and her legendary marriage to baseball great joe dimaggio was the hallmark of this perception .	她的生活经常被视为一个童话和传奇的婚姻 , 她对棒球伟大的乔·迪马吉奥是这个观点的标志 。
through invoking mathematic library and hybrid programming , the numerical results derived on deepcomp 6800 are satisfactory .	通过调用数学图书馆和混合编程 , 得出了对6800深分解的数值结果 。
at present , the aids " four frees and one care " policy in tianjin full implementation of the national aids in lowprevalence state .	目前 , " 四个自由一项 " 政策在天津完全实施低价国家援助的国家援助 。
stay positive . don't whine and complain . it gives people a negative impression about your outlook on life and makes people think you are 'grumpy' .	保持积极 , 不要怀疑和抱怨 。 它给人们关于你的生活的负面印象 , 让人们认为你是 " 贪婪 " 。
make a list of things you always wanted to do but couldn't because you were raising your kids . maybe it's writing or learning the piano .	把你总是想做的东西列出来 , 但不能因为你正在提高你的孩子 , 也许是写作或学习钢琴 。
dubai's al wasl club is expected to make a formal announcement on signing diego maradona as its coach for the next 2 years .	迪拜的阿尔沃尔俱乐部预计将于下2年签订迪戈马拉多纳作为教练的正式宣布 。
the guessing problem is troubling because two test takers with same knowledge can end up with different scores or two people with different knowledge levels can end up with same scores .	猜测问题正在困扰 , 因为两个测试人员可以用不同的分数或两个不同的知识水平来结束 。
while most of us head for shelter when we hear a huge storm coming , one daredevil photographer has made it his job to get as close as he can .	虽然我们大多数人都在听到大风雨的时候 , 但我们大多数人都在听到一场大风雨的时候 , 但一位敢于戴维尔摄影师的工作就像他一样接近 。
i’ll finish this guest post by 11:59pm on august 31 . i know this , because if i don’t , i’ll lose $1 , 000 .	我在8月31日完成这个客人邮件 , 我知道这是因为我不会失去1 , 000美元 。
the games lost popularity , however , largely due to the growth of cheating and were abolished by emperor theodosius i in 394 ad .	然而 , 游戏失去了流行性 , 大多是由于化学成长 , 由于我在394年被皇帝奥多斯废除 。
the analyzing of the dragon image can make people feel interested , because dragon is an image that has a close relation with traditional chinese culture .	对龙形象的分析可以使人们感到兴趣 , 因为龙是一个与传统中国文化密切相关的图像 。
it’s is the age old battle ; good versus evil , arrogance versus humility , handsome versus , well not so handsome .	这是年龄的战斗 ; 善良的邪恶 , 傲慢 , 谦卑 , 帅气 , 无如此帅气 。
in europa are similar suitable locations for elf transmitters , to be found in areas covered by the baltic and the caledonian shields .	在欧洲 , 同样适合电子传输器的位置 , 可以被平衡和加利多尼亚盾牌覆盖的地区 。
the sun was shining gloriously , so karen and the old lady went along the footpath through the corn , where it was rather dusty .	太阳光亮 , 所以卡伦和老太太太太太太太太在玉米上穿过脚路 , 这里却是相当的责任 。
in addition to paying for fuel and wearandtear on a fleet vehicle , the plumbing shop needs to cover the time spent traveling to my home .	除了支付燃料和磨损的汽车外 , 外 , 推进商店还需要花费时间去我的家旅行 。
in places where fragile governments cannot assist us and health infrastructure is nonexistent , fighting the poliovirus is costly .	在脆弱的政府不能帮助我们和健康基础设施不存在的地方 , 战斗政治病毒是成本的 。
he spoke as pickup trucks loaded with fighters headed to the front and the thud of mortar shells was heard at twominute intervals .	他说 , 就像采购卡车一样 , 与战斗人员在前面 , 火炮壳的声音听到了两分钟的间隔 。
" when i first saw al pacino in the film , i , for the first time in my life , thought that i wanted to be like another person , " he recalled .	" 当我第一次在电影中看到阿尔帕奇诺时 , 我第一次在我的生活中 , 认为我想成为另一个人 , " 他回忆道 。
tarim basin is a huge superposed basin composed of paleozoic cratonic basin and mesocenozoic foreland basin .	塔里姆盆地是由古生代裂纹盆地和中新生地盆地组成的大型超叠盆地 。
background: clusterin has many biological functions , especially the great protection effects on histiocytes in pathological conditions .	背景:集群有许多生物功能 , 尤其是对病理条件下组织的保护作用 。
chatting on line , students can express their feelings and opinions more freely , and even get help with their foreign language studies .	聊天在线上 , 学生可以更自由地表达自己的感觉和意见 , 甚至还能帮助他们的外语研究 。
the second argument is that , even if it never came to war , taiwanwould still be an obstacle to better sinoamerican relations .	第二个论点是 , 即使它从来没有战争 , 台湾仍然是更好中美关系的障碍 。
the problem is , i have never worked in an office setting and i'm not sure how to go about learning etiquette , how to speak appropriately , etc .	问题是 , 我从来没有在办公室设置工作 , 我不确定如何去学习礼仪 , 如何适当说话等 。
secondly , it proves the academic feasibility of wrh by establishing mathematical model and using the method of comparative analysis .	第二 , 通过建立数学模型 , 证明了wrh的学术可行性 , 并采用比较分析方法 。
how to become hostages escape , agent after school also pay special attention to training " spy " and " videotape likes agent .	如何成为主持人逃离 , 学校后的代理也为了培训 " 间谍 " 和 " 视频tape喜欢代理 " 特别关注 。
in this paper , a company formed through a mcgs one to more than mode of remote monitoring network for monitoring the work of the satellite transmitter .	本文通过mcgs的一个远程监控网络形成的mcgs , 通过一个远程监控网络来监测卫星传输器的工作 。
mr . garcía fumes . he would like to see the bankers he considers responsible for the country’s problems taxed and prosecuted .	加里卡先生 , 他想看到他考虑到的银行家负责该国问题税收和采购的问题 。
romans8:32 he who did not spare his own son , but gave him up for us all how will he not also , along with him , graciously give us all things ?	罗马斯8:32他没有给自己的儿子 , 但给他给了他一切都不会 , 和他一起 , 感激地给我们所有的东西吗 ?
in practical terms , the west bank has been increasingly separated from east jerusalem , which is still the most populous palestinian city .	实际上 , 西岸已经从东耶路撒冷分开 , 这仍然是巴勒斯坦最流行的巴勒斯坦城市 。
and catch my second software raid article , in which we'll take a look at some more advanced software raid functionality and raid1 .	然后抓住我的第二个软件raid文章 , 我们将采取更多的先进的软件raid1 。
daily a voice would sound in his head , and his mind's voice would respond with an answer , while he labored at his endless task .	每天的声音会在他的头上听起来 , 他的心里的声音会响应答答 , 同时他在无尽的任务上劳动 。
the present petroleum exploration has trended from structural reservoirs to lithologic and stratigraphic reservoirs .	目前石油勘探从构造储层向岩石和地层储层中趋势 。
for example , the meridian pertaining to the kidney is named the kidney meridian , and the rest may be deduced by analogy .	例如 , 对肾脏的meridian被命名为肾脏meridian , 其余的休息可能是模拟的 。
outside of beaujolais this variety hasn't been very successful but it is cultivated in the loire valley and california .	除了本品种外 , 本品种并不成功 , 但它在洛伊谷和加利福尼亚培养 。
david took the philistine's head and brought it to jerusalem , and he put the philistine's weapons in his own tent .	大卫把菲律师的头带到耶路撒冷 , 他把菲律师的武器放在自己的帐篷里 。
the algorithm satisfies the needs of the new character nc machining technique that generates the tool path by the character skeleton .	该算法满足了基于字符骨架生成工具路径的新字符数控加工技术的需要 。
if such sale was effected without cent by the trustor , and the trusteetrader made up the deficiency on its own , it is binding on the trustor .	如果这样的销售没有中心 , 那么信任限制了自己的缺陷 , 那么它正在绑定信任机 。
although data is sent synchronously , the protocol provides for resending messages lost during network transmission .	虽然数据同步发送 , 但协议提供在网络传输过程中丢失的消息 。
when the temperature condition is favourable but soil water content is low , the development process is prolonged , and the survival rate is decreased .	当温度条件良好时 , 土壤水含量较低时 , 开发过程延长 , 生存率降低 。
the physiological state of a vessel is the state of loading physiological pressure in vivo and the zerostress state in vitro .	船体的生理状态是体外加载生理压力和零应力状态的状态 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowd was busy at handshaking .	轻视着葡萄酒 , 高雅混合了香味 , 笑着笑着 , 人群在握手时很忙 。
to the extent that state subsidies are cut and privatisation increases , more work often devolves on people who must do that work without pay .	对于国家补贴的程度来说 , 国有补贴是减少私有化的 , 更多的工作往会在没有付款的人们上演 。
come back ? " the gold xiao xiao suddenly asks a , the tone is cold , but takes the idea of forcing for several pence . "	" 回来吗 ? " 小晓突然问了一下 , 舌头冷了 , 却采取了几个枕头的想法 。 "
clearly determined to look his best , the well turnedout mammal spent a long time carefully checking the rest of his fur for any dirt .	明显的决心看着他最好的 , 幸运的哺乳动物花了很长时间的时间 , 仔细地检查他剩下的四个脏物 。
modern paintings were impressed by the variety of painting and performance of the various kinds of methods in chinese painting found in the selfexpression .	现代绘画是由自我表现中发现的各种不同类型的绘画和表现形式印象而产生的 。
last week , the government published online information and leaflets aimed at persuading pregnant women to have the vaccine .	上周 , 政府发布了在线信息和叶片 , 旨在说服怀孕妇有疫苗 。
what legal obligations do aggregators of foaf information have under the dataprotection law in the jurisdiction under which they operate ?	法律义务是否符合foaf信息的集聚者在法官法律上执行哪些法律 ?
we spread the blankets inside , and ate our dinner there . soon it got dark and began to rain . the wind blew hard , too .	我们在那里散开了毯子 , 吃了我们的晚餐 , 很快就会有黑色 , 开始雨 。 风吹得很难 。
most analysis for rock slope stability have dealt with singlefaced slopes with a planar surface of a constant strike .	大多数分析岩石坡稳定性的分析 , 与恒震的平面表面进行处理 。
the oxfordeducated bachelor was sworn in during an ancient buddhist ritual in a palace overlooking the thimphu valley .	牛津教育的巴切尔在一个古老的佛教仪式 , 在一座宫殿里过度忽视了imphu谷 。
the program also introduced occasional mutationsand randomness , on the off chance that one of them might produce an accidentalgenius .	这个程序还介绍了偶尔突变和随机性 , 它们之一可能会产生一次事故genius 。
stirfried noodle:put it in boiling water until the hard core is vanished , then stirfrying with meat pieces or eggs .	搅拌的面条:把它放在煮水中 , 直到硬核心消失 , 然后用肉片或蛋搅拌 。
the atime is the last access time of a file , and each time a file is accessed , the underlying file system must record this timestamp .	ime是文件的最后一个访问时间 , 每次访问一个文件 , 下面文件系统必须记录这个时间戳 。
meanwhile , high temperature zones reduced gradually until fire extinguishments along with the vaporization of water mists .	与此同时 , 高温区逐步降低 , 直到火灾排放随着水雾的变化而逐步降低 。
while this type of unauthorized computer intrusion is clearly against the law , the fight against ratting is a challenge .	虽然这种不授权的计算机侵入明显是反对法律的 , 但反对大鼠的战斗是一个挑战 。
the higher the proportion of stateowned shares , the fewer the financing bounds , the smaller the influence of the cash flow on investment .	国有股票的比例越高 , 融资界越少 , 现金流量对投资的影响越小 。
" i propose that we undertake a joint review of nato's and russia's common threats and challenges , " he said .	" 我建议我们承担北约和俄罗斯共同威胁和挑战的联合审查 。 " 他说 。
after hydrolytic lactalbumin was added into media , the vitrified seedlings reduced , but the contamination rate was always very high .	加入水解乳蛋白后 , 引起了严重的种子降低 , 但污染率总是很高 。
these hydrolysates yielded the meaty flavoring necessary to make these rapidcooking soups , meaty and so enticing .	这些水解产生了肉类味道 , 使这些快煮汤 , 肉类 , 如注意 。
recommended dishes include hakka style brewed bean curd , steamed egg with shrimp , and shrimp dumpling .	推荐的菜 , 包括haka风格酿造豆腐 , 用虾干蒸煮鸡蛋 , 虾泡泡 。
frequency downshift and upshift of microwaves reflected by laserinduced plasma were detected in the experiments .	研究了激光诱导等离子体反射反射微波的频率下移和转移 。
rubbish collectors are following behind the procession picking up discarded bottles , bound to be making a big fortune today .	垃圾收藏家随后正在采取废弃的瓶子后面 , 绑定今天做一个大财富 。
please accept my sincerely congratulations on your success . i hope letters reporting greater success arrive thick and fast !	请接受我真诚的祝贺 , 我希望你成功报告更好的成功快 !
in beijing, up to 150 police were posted along roads around the zhongnanhai leadership compound in beijing last night .	在北京 , 大约150名警方沿着北京的中南领导合作 , 昨晚在北京发布了大约150名警察 。
yes , that's a memorable scene in one of my favorite movies , called gorillas in the mist , based on a true story of mrs .	是的 , 这是我最喜欢的电影之一 , 叫gorillas , 基于一个真正的故事 。
this equipment is extensive to used for food processing plant , food warehouse etc . unit tidies up to go to miscellaneous .	本设备广泛应用于食品加工厂、食品仓库等 。 单位潮流往错误 。
founded in1540 , campeche was frequently sacked by buccaneers in the17th century . population , 128 , 434 .	成立于1540年 , 17世纪 , 卡米普切经常被buccaneers所吸引 。 人口128 , 434 。
the implementation and application of the technology have accumulated experiences for constructing oil and gas storages in other area in our country .	技术的实施和应用已经积累了我国其他地区建设油气储存的经验 。
chapter four analyzes the characteristics of university faculty assessment mechanism in jiangsu since the new century .	第四章从新世纪以来 , 对江苏大学专业评价机制的特点进行了分析 。
the other names of this dog are chinese pug , dutch bulldog , dutch mastiff , mini mastiff and its country of origin is china .	这条狗的另一个名字是中国的葡萄 , 荷兰大麻 , 荷兰大麻 , 米兰大麻和其来自中国的国家 。
a new singlecore and doublewinding magnetic field sensor prepared from cobased amorphous ribbon was studied .	研究了一种新型的单核和双赢磁场传感器 , 制备了基于co基于无形肋骨的非晶体 。
let’s admit it—the economy in america is still terrible and it is incredibly difficult to find a job nowadays .	让我们承认 , 美国经济仍然是可怕的 , 很难找到一份工作 。
ltg cross flow quench airconditioning and its control method were introduced . some modifying opinions on the existing problems were put forward .	介绍了ltg交叉流调节及其控制方法 , 提出了对现有问题的改进思路 。
the research objects of this thesis are underachievers in junior high school . the research starts by studying underachievers'psychological problems .	本论文的研究对象是在初中高中实现的 , 研究了低成员的心理问题 。
objective:to investigate the relationship of " dysfunction of the spleen in transport " with gastrointestinal enterocrine cells .	目的:探讨 " 脾功能不足 " 与胃肠肠肠肠细胞的关系 。
some consumers buy organically grown foods because they believe the products are healthier , tastier and better for the environment .	一些消费者有机地购买食品 , 因为他们相信产品更健康 , 品味更好 , 环境更好 。
in this work the dynamic response of an fpso to slamming loads in extreme waves was studied by experimental method .	利用实验方法 , 研究了fpso在极端波中滑动荷载的动态响应 。
worldwide data losses now represent us$40 billion in losses to affected companies and individuals each year , dewalt says .	德沃尔说 , 世界范围内的数据失去了每年的亏损40亿美元 , 影响了企业和个人 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowed was busy at handshaking .	轻视着葡萄酒 , 高雅混合了香味 , 笑着笑着 , 人群在手上忙着 。
the different population structures of abies yuanbaoshanensis in different associations reflected the process of succession of community .	不同的联系人口结构不同 , 反映了社区继续的过程 。
as it is appeared in the log , that getname method signature is not matching to the wsdl or application servergenerated mapping xml .	正如在日志中出现的那个gegetname方法签名不匹配wsdl或应用服务器生成映射xml 。
the application data section contains the actual data sent from one program to another , and its content and structure are defined by the applications that use it .	应用程序数据部分包含从一个程序发送到另一个程序 , 其内容和结构由使用它的应用程序定义 。
east region and nka controlled pw% very well and keep it within year target and also achieve or over 100% ytd gs target !	东部和nka控制pw%非常好 , 在一年内保持它 , 同时也达到100%的ytdgs目标 !
we need to be mind and body becoming one if the mind can be into the inside of a cell and can penetrate the membrane of a cell intentionally .	我们需要心理和身体如果心能进入细胞内 , 才能注意渗透细胞的膜 。
brucellosis in sera of 710 samples of milk goats was detected by the application of spa elisa in comparison with sat and cft .	采用spaelisa与sat和cft相比 , 检测了710例牛奶山羊的布鲁氏菌 。
the effect of inkwash in oriental paintings , and its use of lines for spatial delineation are augmented in this work to gain new philosophy .	阐述了墨水在东方绘画中的作用 , 以及利用空间约束的线条 , 提高了新的哲学 。
they may point down to your shoe and say , “your shoelace is untied . ” if you believe them and look down to see , you are an april fool then .	他们可能会指出你的鞋子 , 说: " 你们的鞋子是不了的 。 " 如果你相信他们 , 看看 , 你是四月的傻瓜 。
she compulsively or inadvertently places herself at the apex of triangulated relationships and fails to see the pain she causes in the process .	她抱怨或不愿意把自己放在三角关系的上下面 , 并未能看到她在过程中引起疼痛 。
conclusion: the main activity of phospholipids on phospholipids complex is to promote the absorption of the cell .	结论:磷脂复合物磷脂的主要活性是促进细胞吸收 。
cognition software engineering is a subject of application and theory , which needs both high technology and lots of experience from jobs .	认知软件工程是应用和理论的一个主题 , 需要高科技和大量的工作经验 。
confidence and arrogance is little different , but there are worlds apart . in particular , i hope i can instead of selfsufficiency .	信心和傲慢是不一样的 , 但是 , 除了世界之外 , 尤其是 , 我希望我不能自足 。
this year the weak economic has admission's officer's nervous that some families may not be able to paid for colleges as planed .	今年 , 经济疲弱 , 承担了官员的紧张感觉 , 一些家庭可能不能为大学付费 。
the officers open the trunk of their patrol car and pull out what looks like a toy model aircraft with four rotors and a video camera .	警察打开了他们的巡逻车的车辆 , 然后把它看起来像玩具模型飞机和四个转子的视频摄像机 。
cherubic and deceptively guileless , she used " humour as a dodge , intimacy as a smoke screen " , ms salomon notes .	她用作 " 幽默 " , 作为吸烟屏 " , 萨洛蒙女士说 。
the miser overheard this . he rushed out and shouted angrily at the servant , " who gave you permission to make promises for me ? "	错误听到了这一点 , 他愤怒地在仆人 , " 谁给你承诺给我承诺吗 ? "
dee , sam , ellie linda and ian have promised , if necessary , to carry me on board the balloon . i cannot miss this .	死亡 , 萨姆 , 艾莉·林达和安妮承诺 , 如果需要 , 就要把我带到球板上 。 我不能错过这一点 。
" if sex is something quite different from love , as you seem to say , then is there any necessity at all to do anything about sex ? " asked the young man .	" 如果性爱是相当不同的 , 就像你说的那样 , 那么你看起来有什么必要 ? " 年轻人问道 。
i made clear to her how laughable would have been the waywardness of english spelling but for the tragic compulsion we were under to cram it for our examinations .	我清楚地告诉她 , 英语说法是怎么笑的 , 但对于我们的考试来说 , 对于悲剧的抱怨 , 我们正在考试 。
check out what your daughter is reading or watching and discuss it with her . encourage her to talk about and question what she's seen or heard .	检查你的女儿正在阅读或观察 , 并且与她讨论它 。 鼓励她谈论她看到或听到什么 。
follow the documents work as per national filing regulations and shanghai regulations , to classify , rank and identify documents .	遵循文档作为每个国家文档规定和上海规定 , 分类、排名和识别文档 。
often impulsive , occasionally overeager , danny had to learn to be patient before he could become skilled in the ways of the long con .	经常冲动 , 偶尔过多 , 丹尼必须学会在他能成熟的长康方式之前才能成为病人 。
the tense man sitting in the pilot's seat swung the plane into the wind and soon they were in the air , though flying erratically .	飞行员坐在飞行员座位上 , 很快他们正在空中飞行 , 尽管飞行急剧地飞行 。
for long time china paid attention mainly to small leaf tea and neglected the large leaf ones , the tea output and export have decreased day by day .	长期以来 , 中国重视小叶茶 , 忽视了大叶子 , 茶叶输出和出口日益减少 。
in the long long night of endless , much like they have a sweet dream , even if the moment of quiet sleep , but can not do , which is insomnia .	在长夜里 , 很像他们有一个甜美的梦想 , 即使安静的睡眠时刻 , 但不能做 , 就算是失眠的时刻 。
" all this is leading to a lot of bitterness , " said sheikh manzoor ahmed , editor of an indian urdu news agency .	" 所有这些都会导致很多苦难 , " 印度urdu新闻机构的编辑sheikhmanzohmed说 。
bachelor degree in biochemistry , biology , medicine , or related science with minimum of 5 years of related experience .	生物化学、生物学、药物学或相关科学程度最低5年的相关经验 。
conclusion:the method is a little damage , bleeding . it is a safe and handy method during thyroidectomy for manifest thyroid .	结论:该方法是一种小损伤、血液 , 是甲状腺切除术中甲状腺切除术的安全和处理方法 。
they may also reside on the world wide web , which is the mediarich component of the international communication network known as the internet .	他们还可以在世界广泛的网络上 , 这是国际通信网络的媒体丰富成分 。
the implementing of transmission line nonsetting protection based on twoterminal information and singleterminal information are included in the paper .	介绍了基于双端信息和单端信息的传输线非传输保护的实现 。
he lives a simple and fragul life . he is indifferent to money and lust . he always missed dining time because of his work .	他生活得很简单 , 脆弱的生活 , 他对钱和幸运有差别 。 他总是因为他的工作失去了晚餐时间 。
last year , san francisco's board of governors passed a local law banning the use of the chemical in children's products .	去年 , 旧金山州长董事会通过当地法律禁止在儿童产品中使用化学品 。
therefore , luo yin is a late tang not allow to neglect writer , its poem obvious region has by the tang to song transition trace .	因此 , 罗尹是一个晚唐不允许忽视作家 , 它的诗歌明显地被唐到宋过渡痕迹 。
chelsea was reminded of our roots on monday when sue mears , the great granddaughter of the club's founder paid us a visit .	切尔西星期一提醒了我们的根 , 当苏珊·米尔斯时 , 俱乐部创始人的伟大的孙女给我们一次访问 。
but see , this is just exactly what's wrong with the whole system the nursing home doctors unload this gomer on us because they're unable to treat him...	但看 , 这只是完全是错误的 , 整个系统的护理医生在我们身上卸下的医生 , 因为他们不能对待他...
objective to evaluate the rodenticide control efficacy of diphacinena salt for a test field and bromadiolone for b test field in camping area .	目的评价二甲胺盐在营地b试验领域的旋转控制效果 。
the greater the wind , for the first time this year , wrapped up in the wind to hear the mournful whistle , dry leaves a crowded fall .	今年第一次 , 风吹得更大 , 听到风吹起来 , 干燥的叶子倒下来 。
hughes promised to continue to build the “shared connections” that bring together people who want to live in peace and freedom .	哈格希斯承诺继续建立 " 羞辱的连接 " , 这使得人们共同希望生活在和平和自由的人们 。
for china , at this time , the national revolution was going on among warlords . the actions of imperialism in china were no longer unfettered .	对于中国来说 , 国民革命正在战争中 , 中国的帝国主义行动不再是不足够的 。
today , i have slept for 14 hours . i thought i was very tired . it was time for dinner . i must go ! i am very hungry .	今天 , 我已经睡了14小时了 , 我觉得我很累了 。 这是晚餐的时候 , 我一定要去 ! 我很饿 。
a leading statesman and presidential aspirant , clay's political intuition earned him the nickname " the great compromiser . "	一个领先的州长和总统阿司匹克 , 克莱的政治直觉使他获得了 " 大批评者 " 。
witch : i know what do you want to do , you're a silly girl . however , my dear , i can help you so that your dream can come true .	巫师:我知道你想做什么 , 你是个愚蠢的女孩 。 然而 , 我亲爱的 , 我可以帮助你 , 让你的梦想能真正 。
thirdly , treatment of spoken and written examples of the most common words is obviously unbalanced in ldoce3 .	第三 , 对ldoce3中最常见的单词的语言处理和写作例子显然不平衡 。
whenever i took the 7 train from flushing , i was always trying to interpret the chinese characters on the newspaper people reading beside me .	每当我从流水中抽出7列车时 , 我总是在试图解释外面阅读的中国人物的文字 。
while the worst of the price drops appear to be over , home values nationwide are expected to show tiny gains if any throughout 2010 .	虽然最糟糕的价格下跌似乎已经结束了 , 但在2010年内 , 全国范围内的家庭价值将会显示出微小的收益 。
if wordofmouth proves effective , american express could engage in viral marketing campaigns designed to create " buzz " .	如果词汇证明了有效的话 , 美国表达可以在设计的 " buzzz " 的病毒营销活动中进行 。
lionel messi is " playing a kickabout with jesus " but must not make the wrong choices , diego maradona said today .	今天 , 迪戈·马拉多纳说 , 狮子梅西 " 与耶稣玩笑 " , 但不要做出错误的选择 。
if you want to change the name of a samba server to something other than the unix name of the server , use the netbios name parameter .	如果您想要改变sammba服务器的名称 , 那么要比服务器的unix名称更改sammba服务器的名称 , 那么使用网络名称参数 。
the new ipod nano , starting at $149 , comes with an fm receiver and pedometer in addition to the builtin video camera .	新ipod纳米 , 开始149美元 , 另外还有一个fm接收器和pedometer 。
but swedish newspapers have suggested that the birds had been pecking at salt on the road when they were run over by a passing lorry .	但是瑞典的报纸提示 , 鸟儿在路上一直在吃盐 , 当他们经过一只牧羊的时候 , 就在路上运行 。
to measure any physiological differences , researchers euthanized certain individuals from each group to study their brain tissues .	为了测量任何生理差异 , 研究人员从每个组中提高某些个人来研究脑组织 。
the english language was first written in the anglosaxon futhorc runic alphabet , in use from the 5th century .	英语首先是在第五世纪的角色萨克逊福特罗克语言中写的 。
and we have a shared obligation to ensure that the federal courts have enough judges to hear those cases and deliver timely rulings .	我们有一个共享的义务 , 确保联邦法院有足够的法官听到这些案例和交付时间规则 。
the visitors' center and the museum provide information about the history of the culture of the ancient pueblo people and about presentday indians .	游客的中心和博物馆提供了关于古老的普通民族文化史和今天印度人文化史的信息 。
its emperor dances to the tune of a halfvandal general , its powerless senators idle on vast , poorlymanaged estates .	它的皇帝舞蹈是半浪漫的总体 , 它的无力参议员在巨大的、贫穷管理的地产上闲逛 。
the total mk and type 4 mk levels in both central veins and peripheral arteries rose significantly during cpb .	中央静脉和外周动脉的mk和4型mk水平明显升高 。
it is a very special pleasure for me to have this occasion to publicly express my deep admiration and appreciation for grigori perelman .	对于我来说 , 我来说是一个非常特别的高兴 , 公开表达了我的深刻的欣赏和欣赏 。
other helpful steps include asking for help from others , using humor , learning to be assertive , and practicing problem solving and time management .	其他有帮助的步骤包括帮助别人 , 使用幽默 , 学习是插入性的 , 以及实践问题解决和时间管理 。
" this bill misses the mark because it unavoidably leads to higher energy costs for businesses and consumers , " says harman .	哈曼说: " 这项法案错过了标志 , 因为它不可避免导致企业和消费者的能源成本更高 。 "
see <wasce_home>/var/directory/server . xml for the configuration properties used by the directory server .	看到<wascehome>/var/目录/服务器.xml用于目录服务器使用的配置属性 。
try it out next time you need to drive your car . cover your left nostril with your thumb and breathe only through your right nostril for one minute .	下次尝试它 , 你需要把你的车子放出来 , 把左鼻子覆盖在你的拇指上 , 然后用一分钟的鼻子呼吸 。
the accident taught them two lessons , they say . no matter how safe the ship , the most mundane human error can sink it .	他们说 , 事故教他们两个教训 , 无论是如何安全的船 , 最多的数百万人类错误都可以被它沉浸 。
the report a month ago was that second quarter growth was even slower than sharply revised forecasts , coming in at only 2 . 4% .	一个月前的报告是 , 第二季度的增长速度甚至比较快速修正预测 , 只有2.4% 。
customer value need will appear netlike in the future and companies should play the role as both agent and integrator of customer value...	客户价值需要在未来和公司中出现网络类似 , 应当作为客户价值的代理和集成者的作用 。
a cup or plate that , according to medieval legend , was used by jesus at the last supper and that later became the object of many .	根据中世纪传说 , 由耶稣在最后一个供应商使用的杯子或盘子 , 后来成为许多对象 。
in the end , i send them out with a long shopping list , set the timer on my phone to go off in ten minutes and drag colin upstairs .	最后 , 我把他们送出去了一个长期的购物列表 , 把时间器放在手机上 , 10分钟 , 拖着彩色上楼 。
anyway , offyear in ah , wish the family is in this year , we can health more happiness of life together is good , not too right , all right .	无论如何 , 在ah , 祝家庭在今年 , 我们可以更加健康生活的幸福是好的 , 不对的 , 不对的 , 都是对的 。
mr aliev told msnbc: " we really can hide objects . . . . we can switch for a short moment and make it disappear .	艾莉夫先生告诉msnbc: " 我们真的可以隐藏对象 。 我们可以换个短时刻 , 让它消失 。
one of the unique characters in the implementation of russian ecology law is that russian ecosocial groups play a major role .	俄罗斯生态法实施中独特的特点之一是俄罗斯生态群体扮演着重要角色 。
the data was statistically analyzed using frequencies , means , reliability , and gap theory with spss 15 . 0 and excel 2003 .	利用频率、手段、可靠性和空间隙理论 , 统计分析数据 。
singer celine dion is suing a us supermarket tabloid for $20m over a report which claimed she was pregnant with twins .	在一份报告中 , 歌手celinedon正在为美国超市tobloid提供2000万美元的报告 , 声称她怀孕了双胞胎 。
and he would not move until he was sure his men were ready . mcclellan's plan was to put his army on boats in the potomac river .	直到他确保他男人准备好了 , 麦克莱兰的计划是把他的军队放在池塘河里 。
for power distributing , a power scaling plan has been given for this specific a/d converter , achieving good tradeoff between power , area and performance .	对于电力分布 , 给出了一个特定的a/d转换器 , 实现了电力、区域和性能良好的交易 。
in music teaching , case teaching can be infiltrated into theory teaching and combined with the practice of music class teaching .	在音乐教学中 , 可以将案例教学融入理论教学中 , 结合音乐课堂教学的实践 。
this is why the ireland coffee cup is more heatproof than general glass cup , and have the linear reason in color in two golds .	这就是为什么爱尔兰咖啡杯比普通玻璃杯更加热保温 , 还有两个金色的线性原因 。
these sweeteners are considered safe in moderation so talk with your health care provider about how much nonnutritive sweetener is acceptable during pregnancy .	这些瑞典人被认为是安全的 , 所以与您的健康保健提供商谈论在怀孕期间多少非营养性的瑞典人员 。
results:it could prevent iatrogenic tumorcell spreading and local seeding through the nontumor technique cooperation at operation strictly .	结果:通过严格的非肿瘤技术 , 可以预防静脉肿瘤传播和局部种子 。
the paper presented a plan of twodimensional servo four color pattern identification , and its boundary treatment techniques , wh .	本文提出了一种双维伺服四色图形识别的方案 , 以及其边界处理技术 , 为什么 。
a joint sourcechannel decoding scheme implemented by simultaneously decoding and updating parameters based on hmm is proposed .	提出了一种基于hmm的同时解决和更新参数的联合源通道解码方案 。
several activators were investigated and evaluated to substitute uop's activator act1 used in benfield process for co2 removal .	研究了几个激活剂 , 研究了用来替代uop的活化剂活性剂活性酶1在bnfield过程中进行co2去除 。
so far as " badila " planted in summer was concerned , the number of effective stem and yield were not markedly related to the sowing norm .	迄今为止 " 巴迪拉 " 种植在夏季 , 有效干旱和产量的数量不明显相关于苗条规范 。
like " romance of three kingdoms " in the liu bei , the original selling straw sandals , but later to organize the uprising conquer .	就像刘北 " 三国 " 的浪漫一样 , 原来销售草原沙滩 , 但后来组织上升的征服 。
chaban electronics ltd is a foreign buyer from israel , need to purchase products of telecommunications etc . categories .	chban电子有限公司是一家来自以色列的买家 , 需要购买产品类别包括:电信等 。
we have overcompensated for the lack of customer focus in traditional methodologies—by giving control of prioritization to the product owner/manager .	我们已经完成了缺乏传统方法学的客户 , 因此 , 为了对产品所有者/经理的优先化提供了控制 。
when both pieces were finished , arachne saw , to her surprise , that she had been beaten , for the goddess ' design was infinitely superior .	当两部作品完成时 , 阿拉克看见她惊讶的时候 , 她已经打败了 , 因为上帝的设计是无限优秀的 。
the silts dredged from ocean , lake and river always have different clay contents which lead to different strength of solidified silts .	海洋、湖泊和河流的淤积总有不同的粘土含量 , 导致不同的粘土强度不同 。
provincial health department as requested in the provincewide establish and improve maternal and child aids prevention and control system block .	省卫生部请求建立和提高儿童援助预防和控制系统块 。
professional: a member of national pest control association of america and china mouse and sanitary pest damage prevention and control association .	专业:美国国家森林控制协会成员和中国老鼠和卫生虫害预防和控制协会 。
'juhuanao' and 'nanjing yeju' are potential parents in chrysanthemum breeding for small inflorescences .	" 庄园 " 和 " 南京玉玉 " 是克里桑麻种植小量植物中潜在的父母 。
in some cases the salesclerks had just sold the students a pair of shoes — in which they might well have a genuine smile of satisfaction .	在某些情况下 , 销售员刚出售了一对鞋子 , 他们可能会很好地有一个真正的满意的微笑 。
the main work and achievements are listed as follows:1 ) selfturnoff pulsewidth modulation for oled grayscale controlling .	主要工作和成果列为:1 ) ) 自我nof脉冲宽度调整旧灰度控制 。
made the supplementation , incorporation , modification and necessary deletion of the tabular forms for technical document of construction completion .	为建设完成技术文档提供了补充、配置、修改和必要的删除 。
" the only one with the power to unify the party that has grown hugely is ozawa , " said democratic party lawmaker akihisa nagashima .	民主党议员akihisanagashima说: " 唯一有能力统一党的统一是ozawa 。 "
that is , 30hour chunks of data which require a search of a spindown parameter as well as sky position . but nothing is set in stone .	这就是 , 30小时的数据 , 需要搜索脊柱参数和天空位置 , 但没有在石头上设置 。
it is unforecasted to know a series of consequences the greenhouse effects may bring about , but the socalled benefits are little to count .	不预测一系列温室效应可能会带来大量的结果 , 但所谓的利益很小 。
systemicfunctional linguistics and psycholinguistics are considered as two greatly influential linguistic theories in the twentieth century .	二十世纪 , 系统功能语言学和心理学作为两个重要的语言学理论 。
lannes was speaking on saturday at a conference on luxury goods organized by the china europe international business school in shanghai .	上海举行的欧洲国际商学院举行的一次会议 , 兰恩斯星期六在上海举行的一次奢侈品商品 。
and jesus , immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him , turned him about in the press , and said , who touched my clothes ?	耶稣 , 立刻知道 , 美德从他身边走出去 , 把他转到新闻里 , 说 , 谁碰到我的衣服 ?
" baitullah mehsud is now taking on the americans , " said talat masood , a retired pakistani general turned analyst .	" 巴itullahmehsud现在正在进行美国人 , " 一名退休巴基斯坦的分析师说 。
one of the principles of access to nutrients can not make zengpang food , prunes , raisins , and other worthy when this task .	营养成分的一个原理之一 , 不能使ngpang食品 , 浆果 , 提升等价值 。
" we just need to stress that to people who drink and drive can really cause a lot of heartaches for families and we need to stop that , " said woodridge .	伍德里奇说: " 我们只需要强调饮料和驾驶的人才能真正引起很多家庭的心脏病 , 我们需要停止这种感觉 。 "
speaking to reporters , mr . obama said he would devote new energy to diplomacy and other nonmilitary aspects of u . s . global power .	奥巴马对记者说 , 他将发挥新的能量来解释外交和其他非军事方面的权力 。
the inspiration to china is to pay attention to role of strategic oil reserve , to increase exploration input and pluralize the oil impo...	中国的激励是重视战略石油储备的角色 , 提高勘探输入 , 增加油藏的作用 。
it is characterized by extracapsular invasion , metastasis to the cervical lymph nodes or distant organs and histopathological atypia .	它的特点是由外血管侵袭、转移到宫颈淋巴结或远端器官和组织病理异常 。
the frasnian is a critical time interval for understanding paleodiversity variation before the devonian frasnianfamennian mass extinction event .	弗拉斯尼亚是理解多样性变化的关键时间间隔 , 在佛罗尼亚frasnianfrasnamnianamenians灭绝事件之前 , 关键的时间间隔 。
this paper first introduced the concept of the teacherstudent interaction and the basic characteristics of the interaction between teachers and students about to find out .	本文首先介绍了教师互动的概念及教师与学生之间的相互作用的基本特点 。
such cellar recognition events are common to cancer , allergy , viral infection , inflammation , and autoimmune disease .	这种细胞识别事件常见于癌症、过敏、病毒感染、炎症和自身免疫疾病 。
canfield , c . ed . report of the lst international ecocity conference , urban ecology and cerro gordo town forum . 1990 .	1990年 , 欧洲lst国际经济会议、城市生态学和cerrogoordo城市论坛的报告 。
my parents and me begin to have breakfast in the " pudong " airport after we meet with leader of this journey . we take photo with all accompaniers .	我的父母和我在我们会见这次旅行的领导人之后开始吃早餐 。 我们和所有的同伴一起拍照 。
the index is a value between 0 and 100 , where 100 indicates a lightly loaded server , and 0 is a heavily loaded server .	指数是0和100之间的值 , 其中100指数显示了一个轻量的负载服务器 , 0是一个重量的服务器 。
the effects of recasting on the cv were compared , through directly calculating the castability values of each generation of non ? precious ceramic alloy .	比较了电视的恢复对电视的影响 , 通过直接计算各代非稳定性值 ? 珍贵陶瓷合金 。
theoretical analysis and numerical result showed that bifuselage layout was in advantage of single one in view of structure .	理论分析和数值结果表明 , 单片结构的单片布局优于单片结构 。
the natural tightly connection between chaos and fracture is due to the infinite similarities of strange attractor of chaotic dynamic system .	混沌与裂缝之间的自然紧密连接是由于混沌动力学系统奇异吸引力的无限相似性 。
in addition , it still needs longer follow up to evaluate whether adjuvant chemotherapy can take the place of postoperative radiotherapy .	此外 , 还需要更长的评价 , 是否可以调整化疗是否能采取术后放疗的地方 。
castles and crown golden ...wood and hermit thrush , a type of " bird , " more " than " any program on the horizon retraining .	城堡和冠金...伍德和草坪冲刷 , 一种 " 鸟类 " 的类型 , 比 " 水平约束 " 的任何项目都要多 。
the company has importexport trade right , and can provide the overall solution of ship automation system and information system for users at home and abroad and corresponding product .	本公司具有进出口贸易权 , 可为国内外用户提供船舶自动化系统和信息系统的整体解决方案 。
this same problem has been seen in the disputes where the propagation ministry of the central government would be made under the executive yuan jurisdiction .	同样的问题是 , 中央政府的传播部将在执行官元官判决下制定的问题 。
a great festival would be held , called the yuletide , and a special feast would be served around a fire burning with the yule log .	一个伟大的节日将被举行 , 叫做uletetide , 一个特殊的节日将会与yule日志一起燃烧 。
this article is the first in a series that will take an updated look at wordnet 2 . 0 and how it can be used with xml and rdf technology .	本文是第一系列将采取更新的视图2.0 , 以及如何使用xml和rdf技术 。
and it was a welcome break for lakers fans , whose defending twotime champions stumbled into the weekend with three losses in a row .	这是湖人球迷的欢迎 , 他在周末的两场比赛中战胜了湖人球迷的两场比赛 。
or at least that's the case according to a majority of americans and britons polled in a new survey by language app babbel .	或者至少 , 根据大多数美国人和英国人在语言应用babbel调查中调查的一项新的调查 。
there are some who will try to pervert this precedent and use xenophobia or nativist arguments to say that every country should be held to the same standard .	有些人会尝试改变这个前提 , 使用xenophobia或海军主义论点来说 , 每个国家都应该举行同样的标准 。
for example , if a build suite of 8 , 000 automated test cases generates 600 failures , are you realistically able to handle this ?	例如 , 如果建立了8 , 000个自动测试案例 , 就会产生600个失败 , 你真正能够处理这个 ?
such collaborators could hardly claim a substantial share of the authorship but they would have welldefined tasks , not interfering with other men's work .	这样的合作伙伴几乎没有声称权威的实质份额 , 但他们会有很好的任务 , 不会干扰其他男性的工作 。
when liberty goes too far and the voice of social equality arises in the social reality , the system can and should tilts in favor of equality ;	当自由太远的时候 , 社会平等的声音在社会现实中出现 , 系统应该倾斜平等 ;
decanter also noted that china is already moët’s biggest market for its hennessy cognac , and that the champagne market on the mainland is growing each year .	裁判人员还注意到 , 中国已经是莫拉特最大的市场 , 为了它的亨利认可 , 而且在大陆的香槟市场每年都在增长 。
the best of america's skaters beamed for the camera . mostly young , they laughed and giggled , their eyes dancing with excitement .	美国最好的滑雪者为摄像机拍摄 , 大多数年轻人笑着笑着 , 他们的眼睛在跳舞 。
it became ever more elaborate and expensive during the postwar boom when big companies ruled the roost and when international competition was muted .	当大公司规定了屋顶和国际竞争时 , 它变得越来越多的阐明和昂贵 。
strangely , since then the world’s banks and news organisations have not rushed to rummage through dustmen’s economic forecasts .	奇怪的是 , 自从那时 , 世界银行和新闻组织并没有通过尘埃曼的经济预测来冲突 。
as with divisions , there are many user initiated events , such as when a user clicks or double clicks within a tag's display space .	与分区一样 , 有许多用户创建的事件 , 例如当用户单击或双击标记的显示空间内 。
because cheapy chinese goods are more profitable for the major retailers to handle , they have tended to overemphasize these lower priced items in their promotions .	由于中国廉价的商品对主要零售商来说更有利 , 他们倾向于超过这些低价的推广项目 。
entry to the official stand and stand of honour is therefore controlled at designated pel events by accreditation and tickets jointly and not separately .	因此 , 进入官方的站点 , 因此 , 通过接受和票单独控制的钢铁事件 。
infectious agents present in stools of infected persons are transmitted to uninfected persons through contaminated food or water that is ingested by mouth .	传染剂通过污染的食物或口腔污染的食物或水来传播给不受感染的人 。
jr: we have not looked in detail to any other platform yet , but we are sure there are more platforms , applications and sites vulnerable to the same attack .	jr:我们还没有详细查看任何其他平台 , 但是我们确保有更多的平台 , 应用程序和网站可受到同样的攻击 。
main problems in the reform of the state owned enterprises lie in the sluggishness of the reform of banking system and in the stagnancy of the development of securities market .	国有企业改革的主要问题在于银行制度改革的缓慢性和证券市场发展的稳定性 。
it is the neocivilization view that the core is seeking common ground while reserving differences , peaceful coexistence , codevelopment .	这是新文明观点 , 核心正在寻找共同的地面 , 而储备差异 , 和平共存 , 代码开发 。
music and literature have the characteristic of an exchange in function either in the respect of the choice of the theme or in the forming of artistic structure .	音乐和文学具有交流功能的特点 , 在艺术结构的选择或形成过程中 , 都有交流的特点 。
this article proposes the risk recognition featurefactor modeling technology , which is set up on the basis of checklist and flow chart .	本文提出了基于检查列表和流量图的风险识别特征因素建模技术 , 建立了基于检查列表和检查流量图的风险识别方法 。
fasteners at locations connecting panelstostiles shall utilize throughbolted , stainless steel , pinin head torx sex bolt fasteners .	在连接面板的位置上 , 应采用无锈钢、钢头、钢头弹性螺栓倾斜器 。
in the teaching of probability and statistics , the parameters estimation of linear regression is given by the method of the extremum of function .	针对概率和统计学的教学 , 提出了线性回归的参数估计方法 , 利用函数极端的方法 , 给出了线性回归的参数 。
petty revenges are causing too many deaths of innocents . the culprits are blinded by hatred , they don't think about the consequences .	小偷收入造成了太多无辜的死亡 , 这些家庭被帽子盲目 , 他们不会想到后果 。
during wei and jin dynasties , the activities of chinese and foreign buddhist limited to the point and the line , lacking of largescale spread .	在魏晋时期 , 中外佛教活动有限于点和线条 , 缺乏大规模传播 。
the sheet of water is healthy , it comes from heaven in the first place and next from the earth ; the sheet of air is unhealthy , it comes from the sewer .	水的表是健康的 , 它来自第一个地方和下一个地方 , 空气的表面是不健康的 , 它来自缝纫机 。
the razor spam filter provides a serverbased service where you can report spam so that other more users can benefit from your identifying the email as spam .	razorspam滤波器提供了一种基于服务器的服务器的服务 , 这样 , 其他用户可以从您的电子邮件中获益 。
i personally don’t enjoy wearing music because i enjoy running , but it is hard for me to be confident because i have only done a 5 mile race .	我个人不喜欢穿音乐 , 因为我喜欢跑步 , 但很难让我信心 , 因为我只做了5英里的比赛 。
the internet was not a popular hunting ground except in portugal , where about half the surveyed men and women opted to find people online .	除了在葡萄牙的葡萄牙外 , 网络并不受欢迎的狩猎地面 , 大约有一半被调查的男性和女性选择在线找到人 。
this paper explores the characteristics of translation clause in the domains of space , possession and property from the perspective of conceptual frame .	本文从概念框架的角度探讨了翻译条款在空间领域、占有和属性的特点 。
ripe and polished , a supple red with raspberry and chocolate flavors , finishing with plum and spice , lingering effortlessly .	成熟和抛光 , 红色的红色和巧克力的味道 , 与泵和香料一起完成 , 毫无努力地挥舞 。
you may feel frustrated with the seemingly slow progress you're making in life . remember that god is never in a hurry , but he is always on time .	你可能会感到沮丧 , 看起来你在生活中慢慢的进步 , 记得上帝永远不在匆忙 , 但他总是在时间 。
for most of us , and especially those of us who have long lists of people who expect us to be back in touch with them , we need “kaizen” programs of our own .	对于大多数人来说 , 尤其是我们有很长的人 , 希望我们能和他们一起回来 , 我们需要 " 认知 " 的程序 。
since the letizia scandal , berlusconi has also been fending off accusations of cavorting with escorts who were paid to attend his parties .	伯卢斯科尼自信西亚丑闻以来 , 贝卢斯科尼也一直在与埃斯科特参加他的党议员进行调查 。
not only had sophie witnessed the fullblown ritual , but her own grandfather had been the celebrant... the grand master of the priory of sion .	不仅是苏菲见证了全面的仪式 , 而且她的祖父却是著名的...大师的国王 。
though the holt strategy was smart and johnson was willing to fight it out as old versus new , there were two problems with holts approach .	尽管霍尔特战略是聪明的 , 约翰逊愿意把它打出来 , 就像旧版本新一样 , 还有两个问题和霍尔斯的方法 。
no to mention cutting off from internet game , even my most hardworking and boring friends , they were complaining and had been trying to log in their msn .	不要提到从互联网游戏中削减 , 甚至我最艰苦的朋友 , 他们正在抱怨并试图登录他们的msn 。
the flame normalizing treatments were put forward on steel rail with flash welding , gas pressure welding and aluminium heat welding .	针对钢铁火焰正常处理 , 提出了用闪光焊接、气压焊接和铝焊接的火焰加热处理方法 。
however , before he could finish the feet , another man finished and grabbed the jar from him , saying , " who has ever seen a snake with feet ? "	然而 , 在他能完成脚前 , 另一个人从他那里抓住爵士 , 说: " 谁看到了一条蛇吗 ? "
of a decidedly philosophical bent , it does best in areas where planning , theorizing , reorganization and preparation play a primary role .	理论化、重组化和制备的主要角色 , 在规划、规划化、理论化、重组化和制备中起着重要作用 。
we end up in an endless cycle of spending and debt and working more and more , and end up with lives filled with goods but empty of meaning and happiness .	我们终于在无尽的开支和债务的循环中 , 工作越来越多 , 终止生活充满了货物 , 但意义和幸福的空虚 。
additionally , websphere everyplace access provides a solution for the occasionallyconnected portal user through access to offline portlets .	另外 , websphere每个替代访问都可以通过访问离线portlet提供一个解决方案 。
there are several hundred english verbs that can introduce a reporting clause and a classification of them is made by logical and semantic criteria .	有几百个英语动词 , 可以引入报告条款和它们的分类是由逻辑和语义标准制成的 。
dr white looked at the records of 8 , 000 people dating back to the 1970s who had all had their iq measured at the ages of five and ten .	白人看了8 , 000人回到世纪70年代的记录 , 他们在五十岁的时候测量了他们的iq 。
to have any hope of success , olpc recognizes it needs to get away from the goitalone model that characterized the manufacture of the xo machine .	为了有任何希望成功 , olpc认识到它需要从目标单元模型中取消它的特点是xo机器的制造 。
you must bind a view to this control before you can edit the view . doubleclick the view control to select an existing view or create a new one .	您必须在编辑视图之前绑定一个视图 , 双击视图控制来选择现有的视图或创建新的视图 。
dwdm technology has been widely used in longdistance communications , but its high system cost has greatly limited its application into metro area networks .	dwdm技术已广泛应用于长距离通信中 , 但它的高系统成本大限制了其应用于metro区域网络 。
you can implement this solution in the memorybased object cache and by sharing objects on certain servers across the whole cluster .	您可以在基于内存的对象缓存中实现这个解决方案 , 并通过在整个集群中分享对象 。
in a lan using a bus topology , a segment is a continuous electrical circuit that is often connected to other such segments with repeaters .	在使用总线拓扑的lan中 , 一个段是连续电路 , 通常与重复器连接的其他部分相连 。
one of the senior sisters of , maiev shadowsong , had already shown her competence in guarding illidan before he was brought to trial .	马蒂夫·影东强的一位高级妹之一 , 在他带来试验之前 , 她已经展示了她的竞争力 。
when obama was a candidate for president in 2008 , he promised to " take [china] to the mat " on the issues of trade and currency .	当奥巴马在2008年成为总统候选人时 , 他承诺 " 采取 " 关于贸易和货币的问题 。
with increase of one of the perturbation frequencies , the number of the spectral regions and its variation will be different for different dispersion regimes .	随着流动频率的增加 , 光谱区域的数量和其变化对不同分散政策有不同的差异 。
do your best every time you pick up your instrument or open your mouth–it’s all about building on good habits and communicating with your peeps .	每次你选起你的仪器或打开你的嘴巴 , 都是关于建立良好的习惯并与你的嘴巴交流的 。
goaldirected action is a basic trait of biology , which is also an important standard for identifying whether the entity is alive .	目标导向的行动是生物学的基本特点 , 也是识别实体是否活着 。
" our interest is that things go back where they were before after olympics , " vuylsteke says . " otherwise this will have an impact on business plans . "	" 我们的兴趣是 , 他们在奥运会之前回到哪里 , " 维埃尔斯特克说 , " 否则这对商业计划有影响 。 "
the xi'an quality and technical supervision bureau coined an english name for the burger in order to further promote the food .	西安质量和技术监督局为了进一步促进食品的进一步提高了英国名字 。
the british council's global campaign to raise awareness about climate change and the energy challenges facing the world's cities .	英国议会的全球运动 , 提高了气候变化和面临世界城市面临的能源挑战 。
google's technology requires a little forethought from the merchant , but seems simple and safe in its execution .	google的技术要求从商业中得到一些原始思想 , 但似乎简单和安全的执行 。
the steel frames resist lateral loads applied in the short direction while diagonal bracing stabilizes the building longitudinally .	钢框架抗侧荷载在短方向上应用 , 同时对角承载稳定了建筑长期 。
exhibited in the historical exhibition zone on the eastern side are mostly objects illustrating the glorious progress of china's railway ;	东方的历史展览区主要是对中国铁路的光明进展 ;
hope this piece of information is of importance to your health in relation to eating instant noodles and please apply this cooking method with immediate effect .	希望这样的信息对您的健康有重要意义 , 请用立即的效果直接应用这个烹饪方法 。
but in the process of the industrialization management of rivercrab seedling growth industry , there are certain problems need to solve quickly .	然而在工业化管理过程中 , 水稻种子生长产业的发展过程中 , 有一定的问题需要迅速解决 。
this paper analysed the main reasons that influence the performance of cyclinder head , valve and valve seat in internal combustion engine .	分析了影响圆柱头、阀座、阀座在内燃机中的性能的主要原因 。
the volunteers were informed that the alt key was faulty , and that if it was pressed the computer would crash and all the experimental data would be lost .	志愿者被告知 , allt关键是错误的 , 如果压力计算机会破坏并且所有的实验数据都会失去 。
the loss of performance is mainly caused by the cutoff plug , the roundtosquare thruster chamber and the opened base of plug .	性能损失主要由cutof插件引起 , 圆方推力室和插件开放基础 。
for he pant isocracy ruled by america , u . s . makes great efforts to increase the " exporting democracy " strategy .	对于他承受美国的异族规定 , 美国使得 " 出口民主 " 战略的努力有很大的努力 。
and america's catholic bishops only last week announced they were finally going to get serious about opposing the death penalty .	上周 , 美国的天主教派只有上周宣布他们最后会对死刑的反对严重 。
liliane la fleur: directing a movie is a very overrated job , we all know it . you just have to say yes or no . what else do you do ? nothing .	莉莉安·拉福:导演一部电影是非常过度的工作 , 我们都知道 , 你只要说是是的 , 还是别的 ? 别的 ?
the object of this thesis is to study the uniqueness problems of meromorphic functions and meromorphic mappings in several complex variables .	本论文的目的是探讨多种复杂变量的变形函数和变形映射的独特性问题 。
hemodynamically stable supraventricular arrhythmias may be treated conservatively with observation and discontinuation of digoxin .	血液动态稳定的超声心肌水解可以保持观察和隔离digoxin的观察 。
khaki tote bags and metallic suede clutch bags appeal to you , since you want your accessories to be as eclectic as you are .	khakitebags和金属继续关闭袋对你呼吁 , 因为你想要你的配件作为电子 。
you must add the plugins for websphere application server community edition by clicking the link labeled don't see your server listed ?	您必须添加websphereapplicationserver社区版的插件 , 按照连接标签不要看到您的服务器列表吗 ?
catalytic activity of six inorganic salts in the esterification of acetic acid with isoamyl alcohol was studied .	研究了六种无机盐在乙酸酯化过程中的催化活性 。
objective to investigate the therapeutic outcomes of anemia by means of invigorating the kidney , reinforcing spleen and generating blood .	目的通过调查肾脏、加强脾脏、生血的方法 , 探讨贫血的疗效 。
the adjoint variable method for design sensitivity analysis of multibody system dynamics based on ordinary differential equations is presented .	提出了一种基于普通微分方程的多体系统动力学的设计敏感性分析方法 。
a scanner of holes in cgi is implemented in multithread technology . its scan speed is very quick and holes are easily extended .	在多线程技术中实现了一个扫描孔 , 它的扫描速度非常快 , 孔容易扩展 。
the overtly sexual nature of the body compels the viewer into the position of voyeur , only to reveal itself as an inanimate object .	身体的过度性质强调了观众的位置 , 只有把自己看作是一种不可思议的对象 。
acording to the point of views of principle of equivalence theory , the translated brand names should achieve a perfect linguistic u...	根据等价理论的角度 , 翻译品牌名称应该实现完美的语言学 。
if the output stream was stdout , and if it was not redirected to a file or a pipe , the selected pages will appear on the screen .	如果输出流是stdout , 如果没有被修改到文件或管道 , 那么选择的页面就会出现在屏幕上 。
probe configurations for circumferential , longitudinal and mid wall defects . also for thickness verification and couplant monitoring .	探讨循环性、纵向性和中壁缺陷的配置 , 也为厚度验证和凝聚性监测提供了探讨 。
without opel , gm’s promises to build a fleet of smaller and more fuelefficient cars in north america would lack conviction .	没有opel , 通用汽车承诺在北美建立一个较小的和更多的燃料充足的汽车会缺乏信念 。
ab process is used in zibo city wastewater treatment plant to treat municipal wastewater in which more than 80 percent is industrial wastewater .	在zibo市废水处理厂采用ab工艺处理工艺 , 处理市废水 , 其中80%以上是工业废水 。
agrees equally well with red meat dishes , blue fish and harder cheeses , and as a dessert , especially with chocolate cake .	同意红肉菜 , 蓝鱼和更硬的奶酪 , 以及甜点 , 尤其是巧克力蛋糕 。
this comprehensive resource includes an international panel of contributors who are leading academics and practitioners in the field .	这个综合资源包括一个国际支持者在领域领导学术和实践者的国际支持者 。
he drank deep from the vapors that welled from the font , learning to blend his spirit with the potency that flowed from far beneath the house ;	他从字体里喝深处的蒸汽 , 学会把自己的精神与远处的房子里流出的潜力混合起来 ;
the review of the nation’s nuclear policy is the first since 2001 and the third since the end of the cold war two decades ago .	2001年以来 , 国家核政策的审查是自2001年以来第一次和第三次冷战结束以来的第三次 。
the individuals involved in this campaign are not only scientifically uninformed , but show absolutely no interest in becoming better informed .	这个活动中涉及的个人不仅是科学上未知的 , 而且不仅是科学上还没有显示出对变得更好的感兴趣 。
the selfdeveloped light oil reforming catalyst has well performed in hydrogen production and has substituted the import ones completely at home .	自开发的轻油改造催化剂在氢生产中得到了良好的效果 , 并在国内取代了进口工具 。
i'm sure everyone here joins me in wishing you two , sessyoumaru and kikyou , the very best that life has to offer you in your marriage .	我确定每个人都在这里加入我 , 希望你两个 , 塞索马尔和基玉 , 最好的生活必须在你的婚姻中提供你 。
it can be distributed on several client machines and is able to simulate thousands of virtual users concurrently in various scenarios .	它可以分布在几台客户机上 , 并且能够模拟成千上万的虚拟用户并发在各种情况下 。
the vibrated fluidized bed has been used widely in the chemical industry , metallurgy and food industry for drying particle material .	振动液化床已广泛应用于化学工业、冶金工业和食品工业干燥粒子材料 。
because we've recognized this trend early , we can redistribute our resources to sharpen our focus on criticalpath activities .	因为我们早期认识到这一趋势 , 我们可以重新重新分配我们的资源 , 以减少关键路径活动的焦点 。
live life in a constant state of awareness , with peaceful thoughts , a dash of forcefulness , and a good measure of faith and spirituality .	生活在不断的意识状态下 , 具有和平的思想、力量的冲击以及信仰和精神的良好措施 。
objective to analyze the clinical characteristics and to appraise the diagnostic criteria and surgical methods of glossopharyngeal neuralgia .	目的分析临床特点 , 评价血管神经障碍的诊断标准及手术方法 。
most cases were in obvious regional assembled distribution , the cases in northern towns accounted for 78 . 51% of total cases .	大多数病例都在明显的区域组装分布中 , 北城市的病例占78.51%的总病例的78.51% 。
the householders celebrate it jointly suspending all their business , agricultural and commercial activities for the time being .	住宅人庆祝他们的业务、农业和商业活动 。
with continuous product upgrades , implementation of multifiber blended idea , cotton spinning enterprises growing fiber to create value .	随着连续产品升级 , 实现多纤维混合理念 , 棉纺企业增长纤维创造价值 。
overall , 53 per cent of the french people believe mr sarkozy makes " a good president " , compared to 41 per cent in may .	总体来说 , 53%的法国人相信sarkozy先生使 " 一个好的总统 " , 而5月份的41% 。
resourcehouse said it would supply 30m tons of coal a year to the chinese company , at a price of about $3b a year , starting from about 2014 .	资源库表示 , 每年将为中国公司提供3000万吨的煤炭 , 每年大约3亿美元 , 从2014年开始 。
this personal development strategy and tips section offers great suggestions on how to change your behaviour , learn new skills and change personality traits .	这个个人开发策略和提示部分对如何改变你的行为、学习新的技能和改变个性特点提出了很大的建议 。
resizes a data handle based on the data structure of an argument that you pass to the cin . this function does not set the array dimension field .	重新基于您传递到cin的数据结构的数据处理 , 这个函数不会设置数组尺寸字段 。
amazon web services , which rents computing capacity in its giant data centres to customers , has also won a reputation for being cheap .	amazonweb服务 , 它的巨型数据中心租用计算能力 , 也赢得了价格便宜的声誉 。
the pro version obviously offers more features than the free version and frostwire claims to be the free version of limewire pro .	程序版本显然比自由版本和冻结声称更为自由版本的版本来提供了更多的功能 。
furthermore , kdd cup99 data set is implemented to evaluate the proposed method . the results show the outstanding performance of the proposed method .	此外 , 实现了kdcup99数据集 , 分析了该方法的优秀性能 , 结果表明了该方法的优秀性能 。
kristin was one of those vivacious teens who loved jesus and lived for him—and whose sudden death leaves us with a million questions .	克里斯汀是那些喜欢耶稣和他生活的年轻人之一 , 他的死亡突然让我们留下了数百万的问题 。
it is enough to make us feel good . after outsourcing work and torture . after the marriage agencies are now outsourcing even our love life , daily .	这足够让我们感觉很好 。 外包工作和耐磨之后 , 婚姻机构现在正在外包 , 甚至是我们的爱生活 , 日常 。
also last year , the financial times acquired moneymedia , an online provider of news for fund managers that charges a subscription fee .	还有去年 , 金融时报收购了金钱媒体 , 是在线资金经理的网上提供者 , 负责订阅费 。
you might start waking up earlier to get used to your new schedule or plan a trip to the new museum exhibit you've been hoping to catch .	您可能早些时候醒来 , 用来到您的新计划或计划一个新的博物馆展览会 , 你希望你能赶到 。
ms min q crane , do you really want to marry jennifer ? crane people answer jennifer will be the saviour of our thai jiang group .	明敏qrane女士 , 你真的想娶珍妮弗 ? 克莱恩人回答珍妮弗将是我们的泰国江集团的救生者 。
than shwe is expected to meet with president hu jintao , premier wen jiabao and other senior chinese officials during his fiveday visit .	希望在五天的访问期间 , 温家宝总理和其他高级官员会见胡锦涛 。
ym: when i was young , i watched a lot of hakim olajuwon play , charles barkley , of course michael jordan .	姚明:当我年轻时 , 我看到了很多海克姆奥拉杰文的戏剧 , 查尔斯·巴克莱 , 当然迈克尔·约旦 。
this is how one leaves behind fear based thoughtform and integrates the unity based thoughtform associated with the language of light .	这是基于恐惧的背后的一个叶子 , 集成了与光的语言相关的统一思想形式 。
perfectly eatable fruit and vegetable crops often fail to reach supermarkets due to their size or physical appearance .	完美的吃水果和蔬菜作物通常不能达到超市 , 因为它们的大小或物理出现 。
the project will utilize the powerbuoy technology ocean power technologies which consists of modular , oceangoing buoys .	该项目将利用电力购买技术海洋电力技术 , 包括模块、海洋购买 。
the theory of cooperative learning which is applied in english reading class in high school can change the traditional teachercentered teaching type .	高中英语阅读课的合作学习理论可以改变传统的教师中心教学类型 。
additionally , the stamp was released in 1980 , a particularly lucky 'golden monkey' year that only occurs once every 60 years .	另外 , 1980年 , 这个邮票发布在1980年 , 特别是幸运的 " 猴子 " 年仅发生了一次60年 。
however , if the list is twodimensional , then you often want to " unpack " the contents of each nested list as it is iterated . you could do that like so	然而 , 如果列表是二维的 , 那么你经常想 " 不包 " 的内容就像迭代的那样 。
this measure can not only ensure the safe and rapid withdrawal of powered support from the face , but also largely reduce the removal cost of the face .	这种措施不仅能保证脸部的安全和快速的支持 , 而且大大减少脸部的消除成本 。
first , procedures were completed in a highvolume hospital by experienced surgeons specializing in total joint arthroplasty .	首先 , 在高体积医院完成过程 , 经验经验丰富的外科医生专业在全关节关节动脉切除术 。
for me , marketing works for society when the marketer and consumer are both aware of what's happening and are both satisfied with the ultimate outcome .	对于我来说 , 当市场人员和消费者都知道发生的时候 , 市场营销工作都满足了最终结果 。
from the early days of popular use of the internet , the rallying cry was that cyberspace was the new frontier , subject to no law .	从互联网早期流行的时候 , 网络空间是新的边界 , 无法法规定的 。
but this expiation did not satisfy two sainted women , madame courtin , marquise de boucs , and the comtesse de chateauvieux .	但这次表现并不满足两个圣女 , 奶奶奶 , 奶奶奶 , 马奎斯德布奇 , 还有委员会dechteteteatavieux 。
china also being a member of it , has made many basic laws plus separate law , administration laws and local laws and rules and so on .	中国也是其中的一个成员 , 使许多基本法律加以独立法律、行政法律和地方法律等 。
first , full disclosure: i'm not what you would call a heavy user of locationbased social networking services . i have no mayorships .	首先 , 全部披露:我不会称为基于地点的社会网络服务的重用户 。 我没有市长 。
an icelisa for detecting fumonisin b2 of maizena was developed by using the coating antigen of ovafb2 and competitive antigen of fb2 .	利用ovafb2的涂层抗原和fb2的竞争抗原 , 研制了一种用于检测疟疾b2的冰冻 。
so learn your first word , " lekker " [le'ka] , adj . meaning " good/nice " for anythings from food to girls .	所以 , 学习你的第一句话 , " 莱克勒 " [le'ka] , adj.意味着 " 好的/漂亮 " 的东西从食物到女孩 。
he is best known for his confrontational go no go project on migration in europe , for which he received the visa d'or and the care award .	他最知名的是他在欧洲迁徙上没有去项目 , 因为他接受了签证d'or和护理奖 。
the result shows that the two processes had characters of good applicability for water quality during high algaeladen and good treatment efficiency , low cost as well .	结果表明 , 两种工艺具有良好的水质特点 , 在高阿拉加仑和良好的处理效率、低成本等特点 。
four patients with lung cancer had negative findings on 18ffdg coincidence images but showed positive serum markers .	肺癌的四个患者在18fdg合成图像中有负面的发现 , 但显示阳性血清标记 。
softtothetouch fabric and powerful compression meet chic design and thoughtful details for stylish shaping you'll want to wear every day .	软触摸面料和强大的压缩符合奇克设计和思想细节 , 为您每天都想穿的风格形状 。
and you’ll need to follow the rather formal dress code of the period no trainers , no jeans , and gents , wear a jacket and tie .	你需要遵循相当正式的服装代码 , 没有训练者 , 没有牛仔裤 , 穿着夹克和捆绑 。
this should help your jobhunting prospects , for you will be able to get a side job if you need one or develop more business for your company , with better fees , too .	这应该帮助您的工作开发前景 , 因为如果您需要一个或开发更多的业务 , 那么更好的费用也会得到一份额外的工作 。
addin china's lack of male educators and the book has a strong argument: chinese boys are developing in a predominately female environment .	加入我国男性教育家的缺乏和书籍有着强烈的论点:中国男孩正在初步发展在一个女性环境中 。
the algorithm is applied to the docking of several simple model molecules and the docking between the benzamidine and hiv 1 protease .	该算法应用于多个简单的模型分子和苯胺和hiv1蛋白酶之间的锁定 。
one in five managers also said being kept awake at night meant they were more likely to make mistakes , the mori poll of 1 , 006 people revealed .	五名经理说 , 晚上仍然醒来 , 意味着他们更有可能使错误 , 莫里的1006人透露 。
why , the doctor told me this morning that your chances for getting well real soon were let's see exactly what he said he said the chances were ten to one !	为什么今天早上 , 医生告诉我 , 你的机会很快就让我们看到他所说的机会是十个 !
each call gets its own activation record , so each time it is called the variables get their own storage space within that activation record .	每个调用都得到了自己的活动记录 , 所以每次调用变量来获取自己的存储空间 , 所以在激活记录内得到自己的存储空间 。
on 13 june , donors pledged more than $4 billion to support the work of gavi , an amount that exceeded anyone’s wildest dreams .	6月13日 , 捐赠者承诺超过4亿美元支持加维的工作 , 超过了任何人最野外的梦想 。
businessman gary vaynerchuk used his knowledge of wine to create the successful wine library tv , a daily video blog show about wine .	商人加里·维纳奇克用他的知识创造成功的葡萄酒图书馆电视 , 日常视频博客展示了酒 。
once a week a man named gary , mr . calver 's cheeseturner , comes in and turns it to redistribute the moisture within .	一周 , 一位名叫加里的男子 , 卡尔弗先生的奶酪家 , 进来 , 把它重新分配在水里 。
but we would need space rockets using techonology from scifi series star trek to help us reach hospitable planets orbiting other stars .	但是 , 我们需要利用科幻系列明星的技术技术来帮助我们达到可怕的星球轨道 。
" getting a credit card if you have bad credit is harder than it used to be , " says odysseas papadimitrou . " but they are still available .	奥德西亚帕迪米罗说: " 如果你有不好的信用卡比以前更难 。 " 但是 , 他们仍然是可用的 。
i love thee with testosterone receptors deep in my hypothalamus . i love thee with dopamine that floods my primitive lizard brain .	我喜欢与睾丸激素受体深处在我的假设中 , 我喜欢与多巴胺水淹没我的原始蜥蜴脑 。
next time you take a pojo and slap on an annotation to turn it into an ejb , you can give a little thanks to the openejb team .	接下来的时候 , 您需要一个pojo并在注释上滑动 , 将它转化为ejb , 您可以给openejb团队带来一些感谢 。
people decide to become a vegetarian for many reasons . some common motivators include the environment , animal rights , and health .	人们决定成为许多原因 , 一些常见的动机包括环境、动物权利和健康 。
china’s coal mines certainly kill 2 , 0003 , 000 workers a year , and coalsmogged air there and elsewhere kills many more .	中国煤矿一年一定会杀死2 , 003万名工人 , 而且在那里煤炭吸烟的空气 , 其他地方还杀死了多少人 。
the majority of research on memory is focused , as you might expect , on the remembering side of things how much , how accurate and so on .	大多数关于内存的研究重点是 , 就像你预期的那样 , 在记住的一面 , 记住了多少事情 , 如何精确等 。
as routine displaces novelty , we may be tempted to shift our attention to someone new and taste again the thrill of romantic love .	正如常规的解放小说 , 我们可能会试图将我们关注重力转移到某人新的感觉 , 再次感受到浪漫爱情的刺激 。
for example , it's common to set an alias , which expands to 'ls l' , for a long listing of a directory or list of files .	例如 , 设置alias是常见的 , 它扩展到 " l' , 例如长期的目录或文件列表 。
“the biggest challenge is getting this unregulated and unorganized system under a single umbrella for providing universal access , ” says duggal .	杜格尔说: " 最大的挑战是在单一伞下得到这个不规范的和无组织的系统 , 为提供通用访问提供提供提供提供提供提供提供提供的 。 "
the diesel engine emissions aftertreatment has received a lot of attentions with increasingly stringent emission standards for diesel engines .	柴油发动机排放后处理已受到很多关注 , 因此 , 柴油发动机的排放标准越来越严重 。
in this view of fat necrosis at high magnification , some lipidladen macrophages are seen between the necrotic adipose tissue cells .	在此基础上 , 高磁化脂肪坏死的观察中 , 有些脂肪的巨噬细胞与神经脂肪脂肪组织细胞之间有关 。
the main types of soil degradation were of poor nutrients , poor microorganism , bad structure , basification and heavy drought .	土壤降解主要是营养不良、微生物贫穷、坏结构、基础和重干旱 。
method:through takes the ligamentum interspinalia and the intervertebral disc overhang in 56 surgery the pathology observations were analyzed .	方法:对56例手术中56例脑间盘及椎间盘进行临床观察 。
u . s . secretary of state hillary clinton on saturday called the north's provocations and statements 'deeply regrettable . '	星期六 , 美国国务卿希拉里·克林顿称北方的宣言和声明 " 深刻遗憾 " 。
if you pay with debit card at certain shops you can take an additional sum from your account at no extra charge . this is often called " cashback " .	如果你在某些商店支付债务卡 , 那么你就可以从账户中拿到额外的收费 。 这通常叫做 " 现金回报 " 。
pigeons scatter as a man walks home after offering prayers at a nearby temple at bashantapur durbar square in kathmandu .	皮geons散步作为一个男人在kathmandu附近的一个寺庙里祈祷家 。
seedorf then went into the book for a late challenge on martins . although the rossoneri continued to look the more dangerous side coming forward .	后来 , 塞多夫去了马丁斯的一本晚期挑战 , 虽然罗斯尼里继续看着更危险的一边来临 。
the fitted line in the figure is a 3rddegree polynomial , but any sort of smoothing would tell you that there is a massive upward trend .	数字中配置的线是一个3rd度多项式 , 但任何类似的光滑的东西都会告诉你 , 有大量的上升趋势 。
if a firm wants to place a bet on falling interest rates , for example , it can simply have its marketmaking unit build up its inventory of bonds .	例如 , 如果一家公司想把赌注放在下跌利率上 , 那么它就只能有它的市场制造单位建立它的债券库存 。
from " big haven is an old strategy " angle , discussed become the value that makes strong fuzhou harbor greatly and necessity .	从 " 大型 " 是一个旧战略 " 角度 , 讨论成为福州港的价值 。
you acknowledge and agree that you can enjoy member benefits upon payment of the annual fee for membership and relevant facilities fee .	您承认并同意 , 您可以享受成员支付年费用和相关设施费用的年费用 。
about onethird of basketball shoes are actually purchased to play basketball in , according to industry analyst marshal cohen .	根据工业分析师marshalcon说 , 大约三分之一的篮球鞋实际上是购买篮球 。
mike hulme , a climate policy expert at the university of east anglia in norwich , uk , says that social effects are also unpredictable .	英国东anglia大学气候政策专家mikehulme说 , 社会效应也不可预测 。
fangsheng bridge is the longest , largest and tallest stone bridge , with five openings both in zhujiajiao and in the shanghai region .	方生桥是上海地区最长、最高、最高的石桥 , 其中五个开放都是上海地区 。
besides the difference that popularizes degree , definitive inadequacy also is to restrict pay treasure copyist people one big handicap .	除了流行程度的差异外 , 定义不平等也是限制支付宝贵的副本人一大手工 。
the new overhaul of financial regulation did nothing to address the companies , even though they played a central role in inflating the housing bubble .	新的金融监管没有什么地方解决公司 , 尽管他们扮演了一个中央的角色通胀了房屋泡沫 。
luis suarez has been charged by the fa following the onfield spat with patrice evra during united's 11 draw at anfield last month .	路易斯苏拉斯在上个月在安菲尔德的11场比赛中被指控 。
somehow our path took us toward the park , across the footbridge high above the rolling waters of the los angeles river . ( n . rigg .	有些时候 , 我们的路径向公园走去 , 跨越了洛杉矶河上滚动的高桥 。
the manchester united man missed euro 2004 after missing the test in september 2003 , and it is an episode that clearly still rankles with the player .	曼联在2003年9月失踪欧元的测试之后 , 曼联失踪了欧元2004年9月的测试 , 这是一个明显的影片 , 球员仍然在跟球员一起扮演 。
in the other part , the improvement of dissolubility of sulfadiazine and aspirin entericcoated tablet is studied with surfactant as modifier .	另一部分 , 研究了硫亚胺和阿司匹林在改性剂中溶解度的改善 。
the effects of moca /e ratio and amount of the fillers on the physical properties and the heat air ageing of the pu elastomer were discussed .	讨论了moca/e比和填充剂对物理性能及pu弹性器的热空气年龄的影响 。
the calculated results show that the limit values of axial compression ratio of src columns are generally % higher than those of rc columns .	计算结果表明 , src柱的轴向压缩比通常比rc柱的限制值高于rc柱 。
to organize the general administration sponsored fights against counterfeit and defective products and other illegal activities at origin ;	组织一般的政府赞助反对反馈和缺陷产品和其他非法活动 ;
the result shows that the leopoldwolman relationship cannot discriminate channel patterns well when both gravel and sandbed rivers are considered .	结果表明 , 当墓地和砂河时 , 雷普尔德沃尔曼关系不能判别通道模式良好 。
examples of common devices that are poorly designed ergonomically include the snow shovel and the computer or typewriter keyboard .	通用设备的例子很差 , 包括雪鞋和计算机或类型的密钥板 。
from the current situation , the european development of civilparty government is likely to once again successfully break through the barrier .	从当前的情况来看 , 欧洲公民党政府的发展可能会再次突破边界 。
the method adopts horse liver tissues as raw materials to prepare dry acetone powder of horse liver alcohol dehydrogenase ;	该方法采用马肝组织作为原材料制备马酒精脱氢酶干乙酮粉 ;
a transparent conductive ito antireflection layer is generated on a top layer of the amorphous silicon thin film subbattery .	利用非晶硅薄膜子电池的顶层生成了一种透明的导电ito反射层 。
most entrepreneurs are passionate about a particular market or technology , and putting a sales hat on does not come naturally to them . that is okay .	大多数企业家都对特殊市场或技术感到激情 , 并且把销售帽子放在不自然的情况下 , 这是好的 。
to be responsible for the guidance of local energy development plans , connecting the production development of local energy with the balance of supply and demand ;	负责本地能源开发计划的指导 , 连接当地能源的生产发展 , 供需平衡 ;
knowledge and practice about iodine deficiency disorders among pregnant women , housewives , and pupils in changning district , shanghai ;	关于妊娠妇女、家庭妇女、学生的碘缺乏障碍的知识和实践 ;
methods 74 cases had changes in ambiens cisterna proved by ct scan , we analysed the changes and studied its correlation with prognosis .	方法对74例ct扫描证实的mbienscistna患者进行改变 , 研究其与预后相关性 。
enter ${user_install_root}\etc\wssecurity\samples\encsender . jceks in the keystore path field .	进入${userinstallroot}\etc\etwsecurity\samples\samples\encender.jceks在关键存储路径领域 。
objective to assess the application value of wholebody bone scintigraphy in diagnosis and staging of langerhans cell histiocytosis in infants .	目的评价全体骨科学在喉癌细胞组织组织组织组织学中的应用价值 。
after a preshift meeting and an oath ceremony where the 10member squad of miners vow to ensure safety , he changes into his work overalls .	经过一次压力会议和一次奥斯典礼后 , 10名矿工投票的成员党人会议 , 他改变了他的工作总体 。
ollila said microsoft had not been the only option for nokia and noted many companies had showed their interest in cooperating with the finnish mobile phone maker .	奥利拉说 , 微软并未是诺基亚唯一的选项 , 并且注意到许多公司已经与最后的手机制造商合作了兴趣 。
what intrigues many astronomers , however , is the circumnuclear ring around the galaxy center visible just outside the central bar .	然而 , 很多天文学家 , 是星系中心周围的循环环 , 只是在中央酒吧外面看见 。
in germplasm evaluation studies of pinellia ternate , the assaying methods of extractives and total alkaloid are established .	建立了磷酸盐的种子实验研究 , 建立了提取剂和总碱的方法 。
last month , a u . s . bankruptcy judge allowed lehman to pump cash into the two banks to avoid a seizure by regulators .	上个月 , 美国破产法官允许雷曼将现金投入到两家银行 , 以避免监管机构的一系列 。
methods analgesic effect of two different concentrations of cinobufagin injection was observed in mice by the hotplate test and writhing with acetic acid .	方法采用热板试验和用醋酸法观察两种不同浓度的钙蛋白注射液对小鼠的镇痛作用 。
the fifth part it is the summary of the full text , the whole characteristic of the language has done the brief generalization to lien uzhuan .	第五部分是全文的总结 , 语言的整体特点已经对林庄作了简要的概括 。
przewalski's horse , which once roamed the steppes of mongolia , is thought to have become too dispersed in the wild to breed .	przwalski的马 , 一旦浪漫了蒙古的步伐 , 被认为已经变得太分散在野生里 。
therefore , the transformation of the pattern of international relations requires the united states and south korea to maintain and even strengthen the alliance .	因此 , 国际关系的转型需要美国和韩国维护 , 甚至加强联盟 。
the ancient black cattle were displaced by the longhorns , and that these " were swept away by the short horns as if by some murderous pestilence . "	古老的黑猫被长袍拆掉了 , 这些 " 被短角的短角像有些恶劣的害虫所吞掉 。 "
consider your online album as the equivalent of leaving the treasured family album on a public bench for every passerby to thumb through .	考虑您的网上专辑 , 等于离开一张公开的家庭专辑 , 为了每个旅客都能通过拇指 。
with financial markets so volatile and companies “hunkering down” for a long slog through a recession , there are few indicators of what’s coming up .	随着金融市场如此挥发 , 公司通过经济衰退来 " 令人震惊 " 的长期日志 , 还有一些指标 。
if you are following along and planning to take a break at this point , please stay around as you now have two jobs that are creating ever larger files in your file system .	如果您正在跟踪并计划在这个点进行破坏 , 请在您现在有两个工作在文件系统中创建更大的文件文件 。
we saw more rates of authoritarianism in nonwhite groups . i think the percentage of authoritarian households was highest in asianamericans .	我们在非白人群中看到更多的权威主义者 , 我认为当局主义家庭的百分比在亚洲人中最高 。
the moon is so far from the earth that even if huge trees were growing on a mountain , we could not see them through the most powerful telescopes which have yet been invented .	月球远远离地球 , 即使大树在山上增长 , 我们就不能看到它们在还发明的最强大的望远镜 。
imposing airportstyle passenger and bag checks in the metros and bus stops of major cities is impractical because it would bring ordinary life to a halt .	机场风格的乘客和袋检查 , 主要城市的公共汽车停车是实际的 , 因为它会给普通生活带来普通的生活 。
days later , they still in touch with the troops , fortunately , they killed a deer , can be difficult to rely on venison and spent a few days .	几天后 , 他们仍然与军队联系 , 幸运的是 , 他们杀死了鹿 , 难以依赖维生 , 花了几天 。
first , for the four major banks , the good bank/bad bank transactions should be mandatory ; the industry will stabilize only if the four work in tandem .	首先 , 对四大银行来说 , 良好的银行/坏银行交易应该是管理的 ; 工业只要在四个工作的时候才会稳定 。
at the same time i still wanted a dedicated keyboard so when i saw the s710 with its nifty slideout keyboard i knew it was the perfect fit .	同时我仍然想要一个专门的键盘 , 所以当我看到s710时 , 它的nif滑键盘 , 我知道它是完美的适合 。
if the book of job is one of the oldest books , there must have been a general knowledge of god , however limited , which led men to think often of him .	如果工作的书是最古老的书之一 , 那么必须是上帝的一般知识 , 却导致男人常想到他 。
there is no other documented association between mercury and any human cancer , leukaemia , lymphoma or other malignant or premalignant disease .	汞和任何人类癌症、白血病、淋巴瘤或其他恶性疾病之间没有其他文献联系 。
china has recently publicly supported sanctions against iran and imposed lesser restrictions on north korea for their nuclear activities .	近日 , 中国已经公开支持对伊朗的制裁 , 并且对朝鲜的核活动有更少的限制 。
the game opens with fifi millicent performing a gig in an unnamed wartorn middle eastern country , in exchange for a $10m fee .	这个游戏开放在一个未知的战争中东国家执行gigig , 交换为1000万美元的费用 。
in late august , joey defrancesco fulfilled the fantasy of many a disgruntled worker: he quit in an incredibly outlandish fashion .	在8月底 , 乔伊·德里斯科完成了许多令人惊讶的工人幻想:他在一个令人难以置信的时尚中辞职 。
porter puts forward the differentiation advantage and cost advantage according to surroundings and firm strategy by means of value chain .	根据价值链的周边和企业策略 , 提出了基于价值链的分化优点和成本优点 。
given that the capability of a filter to handle both request and forward was only introduced with j2ee 1 . 4 , older versions of j2ee require a different solution .	鉴于过滤器处理请求和前进的能力只与j2ee1.4引入j2ee1.4 , j2ee的旧版本要求不同的解决方案 。
animal rights activist brigitte bardot wrote to the german minister calling on her not to give in to pressure to overturn the anuga ban .	动物权利活动家brigittebardot写到德国部长呼吁她不要给予压力超过8月禁止的压力 。
valencia fullback moretti and sevilla midfielder maresca are both on lazio president claudio lotito's shopping list for the summer market .	瓦伦西亚全面反馈更多和塞维拉中场马赛卡都是拉齐奥总统克劳迪奥·洛蒂托在夏季市场购物榜单上 。
however , under the twolevel financial control involving in both university and schools there are contradictions within laboratory administration and longterm development .	然而 , 在两级金融控制涉及大学和学校内部的矛盾下 , 实验室管理和长期发展也存在矛盾 。
it indicates that the sampen is more effective to extract the information attentionrelated in eeg to show the clinical application prospects in eeg biofeedback systems .	结果表明 , 该样品在eg中提取信息注意力更有效地提取eg生物反馈系统中的临床应用前景 。
cole claims that mourinho has not addressed his players about what the future may hold , preferring instead to concentrate on the matter in hand winning matches .	科尔声称 , 穆里尼奥没有解决未来的球员 , 更喜欢集中在手中赢得比赛的事情 。
systemic experimental investigation and theoretic analysis on the mechanical aspects of jintan's rock salt have been conducted in the dissertation .	对金坦岩盐的力学方面进行了系统的调查和理论分析 。
results 18 cases happened nosocomial infection , incidence for 14 . 3% , respiratory infections which accounted for 48% , ur 24% ;	结果18例鼻炎感染、发病率为14.3% , 呼吸感染占48% , 尿24% ;
the exception to the trend was in germany , where unemployment among young people actually declined , to 10 . 3 percent , over the twoyear period .	除了德国趋势外 , 年轻人失业率下降至10.3% , 两年期内就业率下降了10.3% 。
it's different from the traditional view that the sentence meaning is its truthconditions . thus a new perspective of analyzing meaning is achieved .	与传统的观点不同 , 句子意义是其真实的条件 , 因此 , 实现了分析意义的新视角 。
conclusion pricking blood therapy has a regulatory action on acth in hpa axis of rats with experimental allergic rhinitis .	结论打击血液疗法对大鼠hpa轴承hpa的调节作用与实验过敏性鼻炎有一定的调节作用 。
roman statesman cicero noted , " although physicians frequently know their patients will die of a given disease , they never tell them so . "	罗马州长克莱斯罗说: " 虽然医师经常知道他们的病人会死于某种疾病 , 但他们从来没有告诉他们 。 "
and jesus stood still , and commanded him to be called . and they call the blind man , saying unto him , be of good comfort , rise ; he calleth thee .	耶稣仍然站在那里 , 命令他叫他 , 他们叫盲人 , 说对他说 , 安慰 , 升起 ; 他清理了 。
the size of the wafer to wafer side said , the quality of led is better than small chip . the price is proportional to the size of isomorphous .	waferside的大小说明 , led的质量比小芯片要好 , 价格比异常大小比例 。
in recent years , china's mode of hiv transmission has significant change in the transmission of the infection ratio increased significantly .	近年来 , 中国艾滋病传播模式对感染比的传播有显著的改变 。
indeed , beauty experts have demonstrated through actual research that the combination of baby oil and sugar provides a most effective method for exfoliating skin .	事实上 , 美容专家通过实际研究表明 , 婴儿油与糖的结合提供了一种最有效的方法 。
he was accused of stealing the pictures while chen's computer was being repaired at elite multimedia limited , where sze was an employee .	他被指控在陈的电脑在精英多媒体有限公司修理的时候他正在偷窃图片 。
to reinforce these themes , quotations from lincoln’s speeches and writings have been stenciled above the fireplace mantels throughout the cottage .	为了加强这些本体 , 林肯的演讲和写作已经被偷窃在整个农场上面的消防手册 。
many of these settled at the daming palace site , where they have maintained much of their original regional culture , such as their dialect and traditional food .	许多人在大明宫的地点设置了这些地方 , 他们已经保持了很多原始的地区文化 , 例如他们的方言和传统的食物 。
from all these examples it may be gathered how reflection is always seeking for something fixed and permanent , definite in itself and governing the particulars .	从所有这些例子中 , 它可能会聚集到反射总是如何寻找固定和永久性的东西 , 尽管在本身和管理特定的特定情况下 。
michael had brought kay to the wedding so that she would slowly and perhaps without too much of a shock , absorb the truth about his father .	迈克尔向婚礼带来了kay , 这样她会慢慢慢和可能没有太多的震惊 , 吸收他父亲的真理 。
the crack growth rate in weld metal and haz of steel 36z fatigued at low frequency may be 35 and 410 times that at high frequency respectively .	低频钢36z焊接金属裂纹增长率可分别为35倍和410倍 。
the system is easy to construct and simple to use and has a higher spectral resolution than conventional msps without increasing the acquisition time .	该系统很容易地构建和简单的使用 , 并且比传统的msp更高的光谱分辨率 , 无需增加收购时间 。
the outcomes of this series suggest that repeat pv is effective at the same vertebral levels in patients without painrelief who underwent previous pv .	本系列结果表明 , 重复pv在患者的椎体水平同样有效 , 没有疼痛的患者 , 同样的椎体水平也有效 。
the collaboration with softbank is a good start: the company boasts 22 million subscribers , and its user base has been growing nicely over the past few years .	与软银行合作是一个很好的开始:公司拥有2200万的订阅商 , 而它的用户基地在过去几年里已经有很好的增长 。
" i wouldn't dare call myself a pioneer of reform and opening , but , after all , we were the first ordinary people to open a restaurant , " says guo .	" 我不敢说自己是改革开放的先锋 , 但是 , 毕竟 , 我们是第一个普通人开餐厅 。 " 郭说 。
bynum missed the final 46 games of last season with a left knee injury . he is averaging 14 . 0 points and 8 . 2 rebounds .	拜纳姆错过去赛季最后46场比赛 , 左膝损伤 , 他平均在平均14.0分和8.2磅的反弹 。
the flexible liner system along canal slopes was discussed in detail with respect to the properties of the related expansive soil as well as the design methods .	详细讨论了沿管滑坡的柔性衬砌系统 , 以及相关扩张土壤的性能和设计方法 。
the paper uses the index of sexselective abortion to indicate the effect intension of sexselective abortion on the raising of the sex ratio at birth .	本文利用性选择性吸收指标对性吸收率提高的影响 , 指出性选择性吸收的影响 。
" a woman will have more commendation in being the mother of heroes , " said a federalist , " than in setting up , amazonlike , for a heroine herself .	" 一个女人会有更多的推荐 , 成为英雄的母亲 , " 联邦主义说 , " 比建立 , 阿马逊类似的 , 英雄本身 。
terrible busy these days , by the " water margin " actually expired , no found . rare today , go to the library , library hours , before we know .	今天 , 经过 " 水边缘 " 的恐怖忙碌 , 没有发现 。 今天 , 去图书馆 , 图书馆 , 几个小时 , 我们知道之前 。
to extinguish these conditions , we have to redesign the ruling mechanism of companies according to our nation's specific circumstances .	为了排除这些条件 , 我们必须根据我们国家的具体情况重新设计公司的规则机制 。
jitie mouth found a stone tablet stone tablets , many words have been smashed , is obviously dont want to let others know more information about this tomb .	吉蒂妈发现了一张石桌 , 许多字已经被打碎了 , 显然不想让别人知道更多关于这个坟墓的信息 。
it provides a blueprint for the interteam communication that is essential not only for meeting business goals , but also for performing effective engineering .	它为团队沟通提供了一个蓝色印刷 , 不仅对于会议业务目标来说 , 而且还为实现有效的工程执行提供了重要的意义 。
louboutin identifies the shade it uses as “chinese red” , but argues that any confusingly similar shade would infringe the trademark .	路伯丁鉴定它使用的阴影 , 但认为任何类似的阴影都会影响贸易标志 。
so you can go to a number of forums to learn some information above constant color , the forum which will involve which network platform is more reliable .	因此 , 您可以去多个论坛 , 学习一些以上常规颜色的信息 , 这个论坛将涉及到哪个网络平台更可靠 。
assignment . you may not assign , sublicense or otherwise transfer any of your rights or obligations under this agreement , by operation of law or otherwise .	分配 。 你可能不会分配、子许可或否则在本协议下转移任何权利或义务 , 通过法律或其他法律操作 。
pet ownership is booming in china , and the tibetan mastiff is the dog of the moment for those who want to spread their wealth beyond stocks and real estate .	宠物所有权在中国正在增加 , 藏族主义是那些想要扩展他们的财富超过股票和房地产的时候的狗 。
high school training should be adequately provided for all , and college training should be the monopoly of no class or race in any section of our common country .	高中培训应当充分提供 , 大学培训应该是我们普通国家的任何一个阶级或种族的单一 。
this research focuses on the selfidentity of an aboriginal daycare center worker and discusses the effect of social structure context to identification .	本研究重点讨论了原始日常保险中心工作人员的自我认同 , 并讨论了社会结构上下文识别的影响 。
that's because , since 1918 , oberto has used nothing but premium strips of real , lean meat that's seasoned and smoked to perfection .	这是因为 , 自1918年以来 , 观察家们没有使用 , 但实际上没有什么 , 瘦肉是季节和吸烟完美的 。
rice praised afghan attorney general abdul jabar sabit for being one of the largest employers of women in the afghan government .	米为阿富汗政府最大的雇主之一的阿富汗律师赞美了阿富汗一般的abduljabar销售 。
he takes off the tom cruise shades , and she sees the eyes of a goat—bright amber ; rectangular pupils , dilating in the dusky evening .	他离开汤姆巡逻影 , 她看见了山羊的眼睛--------------------------------------------------------------------
based on the analysis of mirror by cang yue , the paper purports to decode the new vision creation of fantastic literature influenced by new media .	根据cangyue的分析 , 探讨了新媒体影响的幻想文学创造的新视觉 。
with the quality products of " classical decoration , perfect exhibition " , yonghong redefines the life and completely shows decoration aesthetics for every user .	随着 " 经典装饰、完美展 " 的质量产品 , 永虹重新定义了生命并完全展示了每个用户的装饰美学 。
the asian development bank is urging central banks in asia to pause measures to contain high inflation until global market turmoil subsidies .	亚洲开发银行正在促进亚洲中央银行以缓解措施 , 直到全球市场转移补贴 。
two other snps also showed significant genebygender interactions , but their effects were not significant in either men or women alone .	另外两个snps也显示出显著的遗传性相互作用 , 但他们的影响并不明显 。
although only in its second year , the club is a success , partly due to the energy and enthusiasm of its coordinator , susan michal .	虽然在第二年 , 俱乐部是成功的 , 部分原因是它的协调者苏珊矿业的能量和热情 。
jy8g . de ) made its debut in frankfurt , boosting hopes that investor confidence may be returning after the global credit crunch .	jy8g.de'在法兰克福特发行了其债务 , 希望在全球信贷危机之后 , 投资者的信心可能会恢复 。
in mrpd , data is redistributed into some groups at step 1 , and all the groups are multitransmitted according to the request of computer nodes .	在mrpd中 , 数据被重新分布到一些步骤1中 , 所有的组都是根据计算机节点的要求 , 可以根据计算机节点的要求来进行多个分配 。
two divers off the coast of france peer into denise , a small , twoman diving saucer that is part of jacques cousteau’s oceanic ship calypso .	法国同行的两个不同的海岸 , 一个小的两个人潜水救援者 , 是约克斯特卡利普索海洋船舶赌场的一部分 。
puerto rican on the wrong side of town , but still gets to wear ravishing new look silhouettes with beautifully matching shoes .	普勒托·摩擦在城镇的错误面上 , 但仍然要穿上新型的丝绸 , 穿着美丽的鞋子 。
now investors are demanding that banks like lehman and washington mutual raise capital or sell their assets to raise cash and prove that they are solvent .	如今投资者要求如雷曼和华盛顿相互提高资本或销售他们的资产来提高现金并证明他们是解决的 。
lieberman has addressed a national convention before ; at the democratic national convention in 2000 , he was the party’s vicepresidential nominee .	利伯曼在2000年在民主党议会上发表了一份国家公约 ; 他是党副总统提名人 。
using sand polluted by the bp oil spill in one experiment , the team was able to separate hydrocarbons from the sand within seconds .	利用bp油泄漏的砂污染实验 , 研究小组可以在二秒内分离砂中分离出水碳 。
in addition , foundation base may be in dangerous conditions such as sand pipings and upheaval deformations because of unloading soil above artesian aquifer .	此外 , 基础上可能是在危险的条件下 , 例如砂管和上升变形 , 因为在阿特兰特西亚水泥上卸载土壤 。
for example , one student made a program to inform a selected list of friends , with a short text message , where he was every 15 minutes .	例如 , 一个学生给了一个程序来通知一个已选择的朋友列表 , 短篇文本消息 , 在那里他每15分钟 。
steer your spaceship with the motion sensors of your windowsphone and fight against the space pirates with your arsenal of upgradable weapons .	将你的空间与您的windows手机的运动传感器和战斗空间海盗和您的可升级武器的可升级武器 。
this method can provide a new way for determination of aluminum powder con tent of propellant powder with its rapidity and simplicity and certain accuracy .	本方法可为其快速、简单、一定精度的推进粉体的铝粉体含量测定提供一种新的途径 。
as it closes in on its target , the ekv integrates data from the xbrwith its onboard sensors and locks on to the enemy missile .	当它关闭在目标时 , ekv将数据从xbrith上传感器和锁在敌人导弹上 。
although adopting patent heddle increases the cost , but it increases the output and profit , and the invention benefit is also higher .	虽然采用专利对冲增加了成本 , 但它增加了输出和利润 , 但发明效益也更高 。
since the owner was a movie producer , his clienteles were the movie stars , singers and celebrities for his late night supper segment .	自从主人是电影制作商以来 , 他的客户是电影明星 , 歌手和名人 , 晚餐店的晚餐店 。
jerseys , pullovers , cardigans , waistcoats and similar articles , knitted or crocheted , of silk or silk waste .	jerseys , 脉冲器 , 心脏器 , 腰衣和类似的文章 , 编织或编织 , 丝绸或丝绸废物 。
bonding: any of the interactions that account for the association of atoms into molecules , ions , crystals , metals , and other stable species .	结合:任何涉及原子与原子、离子、晶体、金属和其他稳定物种相关的相互作用 。
another is the loblolly pine . windbreaks not only protect land and crops from the wind . surplus trees can be cut down and used to provide wood .	另外一个是环球松 。 风破不仅保护风土地和作物 , 还可以被砍下来 , 用来提供木材 。
their two full backs , john flanagan and jack robinson , were excellent yesterday , up against theo walcott and samir nasri .	他们的两个背后 , 约翰·弗拉纳根和杰克·罗宾逊昨天很好 , 反对沃尔科特和萨姆米尔·纳斯里 。
the following factors like diabetes , erythrocyte , level of anastomosis and anastomotic technique were demonstrated to be independent .	研究了糖尿病、红细胞、抗异常水平等因素 。
aesthetic pursuit has connection to various aspects of news works ; the process that the writer edits news is also the process of aesthetic pursuit .	美学追求对新闻的各个方面有联系 ; 作家编辑新闻的过程也是审美追求的过程 。
the six counties and city of the drainage area of zuo river in nanning district lie in the karst area in southwest of guangxi province .	广西西南部地区徐河流流域的六个县和城市 , 位于南宁地区 。
its characters are : serious conditions , quick change , more shock , easy misdiagnosis , difficult management , more complications and high mortality .	其特点是:严重的状况 , 快速变化 , 震惊 , 易诊断 , 困难管理 , 更复杂 , 死亡率更高 。
on august 17 , 2005 , estonian prime minister andrus ansip met in his office with visiting chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing .	2005年8月17日 , 爱斯坦总理安德鲁斯·安普在他的办公室见面 , 访问中国外交部长李赵兴 。
sudan is committed to implementing the comprehensive peace agreement and holding the referendum in southern sudan in a free and fair way .	苏丹承诺实施全面和平协议 , 并在苏丹南苏丹举行共同推荐 。
the utility model relates to a component of a suspension system of a conveying vehicle , specifically to a trailer steel sleeve for suspension .	本实用新型涉及一种交通车辆悬挂系统的组成部分 , 特别是用于悬挂钢管 。
to make xiaoshan as our national shoemaking base , we need to do the following:one , identify the commanding heights of development and innovation ;	为了使小山作为我们的国家鞋基地 , 我们需要做以下:一 , 识别开发和创新的命令高度 ;
improved fluorochemicals have recently made it possible to use a higher concentration of perfluorochemicals without causing medical complications .	最近 , 荧光化学已经使得它能够使用更高的氟化学浓度不会导致医疗并发症 。
children with family history of asthma or individual history of hypersensitivity were more likely to develop respiratory symptoms .	伴随着家庭历史的哮喘或个人高敏感性历史的儿童更有可能发展呼吸症状 。
the present invention also relates to the new method of using the new affinity chromatography mediums in purifying and producing cobra neurotoxin .	本发明还涉及了新型精密色谱介质在纯化和制备cobra神经毒素中的新方法 。
scanning whitelight interferometry increases the portrait measurement range , and its measurement precision achieves the level of nanometer .	扫描whitel光干涉仪增加了肖像测量范围 , 其测量精度达到纳米的水平 。
province labor ensures hall floorwalker zhang deyou to moderate , office grows jiao xuebai to make important speech .	省份劳动确保大厅地面行走者张德耶乌为中度、办公室增长了嘉雪白 , 使其成为重要演讲 。
grab a wide variety of historically accurate weapons including machine guns , bazookas , sniper rifles and flamethrowers .	抓住各种各样的历史精确的武器 , 包括机枪 , 巴佐克斯 , 尼波尔和火焰喷射器 。
a study was carried out in this paper on the dyeing and finishing performance of a watersoluble sulfur black dye containing polycarboxylic groups .	本文对含有多羧基团的水溶性硫黑色染料染色及其性能进行了研究 。
a preparation method of anodic aluminum oxide film with thick barrier layer is provided , which belongs to the field of material technology .	提出了一种具有厚壁层的阳极氧化铝膜的制备方法 , 属于材料技术领域 。
the ideal threshold for choosing between sequential and parallel execution is a function of the cost of coordinating the parallel tasks .	序列和并行执行之间选择的理想阈值是协调并行任务的一个功能 。
result: there were no obvious differences in microscopic characters in adonis amurensis regel et radd in the northeast region .	结果:东北地区的微观特征没有明显差异 。
the facial problem is a reflection of people body's splanchnic problem . only both internal and external treatment can help solve the skin problem radically .	面部问题是人体脾气问题的反映 , 只有内外治疗才能迅速解决皮肤问题 。
this product is the most advantaged and clinicalvalue method for diagnosis of early nephropathy damnification equipped with enormous market demands .	本产品是诊断具有巨大的市场需求的早期肾病损伤的最佳和临床价值方法 。
leehom was awarded again " the best producer " in 2004 and " the best male vocalist " in 2006 by golden melody award committee .	李荷姆于2004年再次获得 " 最佳生产商 " 和 " 最佳男性音乐家2006年由金梅洛迪奖委员会 " 。
they include an ecommerce storefront app , a community web site , a portal site , sample reports , and a project timetracking app .	他们包括一个电子商务前面应用程序、社区网站、门户网站、示例报告和项目时间追踪应用程序 。
indian multiplexes added on an average 14 to 21 new shows in the second week of the movie compared to its first week with 150 additional shows .	印度多文本在第二周增加的平均14至21个新秀节目 , 与其第一周的150个附加节目相比 。
candles and holders , gifts articles , ceramic vases , leaf and sugar cane vases , consol tables , panels , candle holders .	蜡烛和持有者 , 礼物 , 陶瓷瓶 , 叶片和糖糖罐 , 固定桌子 , 面板 , 蜡烛持有者 。
he knocks into drums , speakers , drops his mike , picks it up , then throws it to the floor and tosses himself after it for good measure .	他敲进鼓里 , 演讲者 , 拉着他的迈克 , 然后把它扔到地板上 , 然后把它扔到地板上 , 用好的措施 。
says levit , " don't approach your boss with a sense of entitlement , as though he is personally responsible for furthering your career .	莱维特说: " 不要接近你的老板 , 虽然他个人负责进一步的职业生涯 。 "
attila , king of the huns and ravager of much of western europe , died a death that was not quite what one would have expected from such a fierce warrior .	阿蒂拉 , 匈牙利王和西欧大部分的拉瓦格王 , 死于一场死亡 , 这并不太可能是因为这么激烈的战士所期待的 。
there’s a videosharing ability , by which you can watch videos “with” other people , though your interactions are limited to a chatroom beside the video .	这里有一个视频共享能力 , 你可以看到视频 " with " , 虽然你的互动限制在视频旁边的一个混乱 。
it improved some of the subjective symptoms of xerosis , the clinical xerotic severity score and dermoscopic appearance .	改善了xerosis的主观症状 , 临床xerosis的xeric严重分数和dermosc光学表现 。
lift the clutch pedal , start to lift soon , when the feeling gradually with the clutch pressure plate linked to a half , it begins to slow down .	立刻抬起关闭盘 , 很快就开始抬起来 , 当感觉逐步与关闭压力板连接到一半时 , 它开始慢下降 。
bottomup reform cannot be resisted because it requires no negotiations , avoids confrontations , and it spreads like an unstoppable plague .	底层改革不能抵抗 , 因为它不需要谈判 , 避免面对 , 这样它就像一个不可避免的伪装一样蔓延 。
ames spends the rest of the movie plotting to get his revenge , make his escape and seize his little daughter back from her new foster parents .	阿姆斯花了电影的剩余部分来获得他的收入 , 让他逃离 , 把他的小女儿从她的新朋友回来 。
in other words , the value assigned by this rule is the one that should prevail in the case that test1 is among the tests that were assigned to a machine .	换句话说 , 由此规则分配的值是应该在测试1中分配到机器的测试之一 。
a few weeks later , we got word that the kerry people wanted me to speak at the convention , although it was not yet clear in what capacity .	几个星期后 , 我们得到了一句话 , 克里人想要我在公约上讲话 , 尽管它还没有清楚什么能力 。
the result of the research can also be used for reference in solving the same salt problems of other grottoes and earth relics in the northwestern arid regions in china .	研究结果也可用于解决中国西北干旱地区同样的盐问题及其它地球复杂问题的参考 。
a crystalline compound , c6h 12n 3ps , a sulfurcontaining analogue of tepa , used to treat certain malignant tumors .	水晶化合物 , c6h12n3ps , 含硫的tepa , 用于治疗某些恶性肿瘤 。
this paper describes the fundamental of thermometry and the types of thermometer . it also presents a method of making a thermocouple thermometer .	介绍了热量计的基本原理和热量计类型 , 提出了一种热耦合热量计的方法 。
monaco is on the mediterranean coast , 18km east of nice and near the italian border , and is surrounded on three sides by france .	摩纳哥位于中海沿岸 , 18公里东 , 位于意大利边境附近 , 并且被法国围绕在三边 。
of course , no one text is going to change the world , but put together , these treatises will constrain alqaida's recruitment pool somewhat .	当然 , 没有人会改变这个世界 , 但放在一起 , 这些条约会限制qaida的招聘池 。
rich dad stopped by at noon on the third week . we heard his truck pull up in the parking lot and sputter when the engine was turned off .	第三周中午 , 富爸停下来 , 我们听到他的车子在停车场里 , 发动机被关掉 。
this added voltage is mainly power line frequency and its effect on the voltmeter reading will depend upon the normalmode rejection capability of the meter .	此增加的电压主要是电力线频率 , 其对电压计读取的影响依赖于电压计的正常模式拒绝能力 。
henan bailihui trading co . , ltd . is a company mainly engaged in fine wine , imported wine , cigar , famous tea and tobacco .	河南白惠贸易有限公司是一家专业从事细酒、进口酒、烟烟、烟草的公司 。
and try to make the room in any bedding face reflected in the mirror of food on the table , in order to receive the " double your wealth " the effect .	试图让房间在任何床面反映在餐桌上 , 以获得 " 双重财富 " 的效果 。
when the camels had finished drinking , the man took out a gold nose ring weighing a beka and two gold bracelets weighting ten shekels .	当骆驼完成喝完时 , 男人拿出了一条金鼻环重量了一只脚踝和两只黄金手镯重量十公斤 。
this research takes fuqing' s preschool teachers for example to investigate the job burnout and influence factors of them by questionnaire .	本研究以福庆市前学校教师为例 , 通过问卷调查工作负担和影响因素 。
while the atomic variable classes might look superficially like the synchronizedcounter example in listing 1 , the similarity is only superficial .	虽然原子变量类可能像清单1中的同步计数器示例一样 , 但相似性只是正式 。
another risk is that individual and commercial accounts will get mixed , as they did with the shamesyeakels , who are now suing their bank .	另外一个风险是 , 个人和商业账户将会混合起来 , 因为他们和莎梅沙克尔一起做 , 现在正在继续他们的银行 。
the utility model can not only lead a setline lover to use a very long fishing rod to fish , but also can cut off or set off as well as throw a fish hook conveniently .	本实用新型不仅能导致一定的爱者使用非常长的钓鱼杆来捕鱼 , 而且也可以减少或放弃鱼钩 , 方便地抛出鱼钩 。
the results also showed that much more steady combustion could be obtained with mechanical spray nozzle than with steam atomizer for some burners with poor performance .	结果表明 , 对于某些燃烧机械喷雾喷雾喷雾器 , 可以得到更稳定的燃烧 。
this resulting schema definition and the soap message that is generated for this service are languageneutral and follow the wsi basic profile .	这导致schema定义和生成的soap消息是语言中性并遵循wsi基本概要 。
recycle your code ! create a collection of your favorite and oftenused snippets and make sure that it’s easily searchable and well organized .	回收您的代码 ! 创建了您最喜欢的集合并且常用的snippets , 确保它很容易搜索和组织 。
we provided updates on an hourly basis to keep our users informed of the situation until it was resolved today just before 4pm pdt .	我们提供了一个小时的更新来保持我们的用户信息的情况 , 直到今天才解决了4pmpdt之前 。
therefore it is still a challenging question for knee surgeons to reconstruct the function of meniscus which was injured or resected .	因此 , 对膝外科医生来说仍然是一个挑战的问题 , 重新构建受伤或被切除的menicus的功能 。
for example , some on the political right reject anything the new york times reports and uncritically believe anything offered by fox news ;	例如 , 一些在政治权上拒绝纽约时报报的任何东西 , 批评地相信福克斯新闻提供的任何东西 ;
despite trump's lovehate relationship with china , his chinese fans believe he's the one who can make the u . s . , and even the world , great again .	尽管特朗普的爱情与中国有关 , 他的中国球迷相信他是美国人 , 甚至世界也是伟大的 。
similarly , plans by local chinese governments to improve infrastructure loom large for heavyequipment makers like caterpillar inc . .	同样 , 中国政府计划通过当地政府来改善基础设施的大型设备制造商比如卡特普拉·inc 。
when grains are ground , or leaves are cooked , they become more digestible , allowing more nutrients to get absorbed by the body .	当谷物是地面的时候 , 或叶子被煮 , 他们变得更容易消化 , 允许更多的营养成分被身体吸收 。
one would have expected he was looking for an opportunity to keep his team close in a hardfought game against a big city school .	一个人预计他正在寻找机会 , 保持他的队伍接近一个大城市学校的难度足够的比赛 。
several major banks including ubs lowered their growth forecasts for china through 2012 last week , largely because of concern that exports will fade .	上周 , 一些主要银行包括ubs降低了他们对中国的增长预测 , 大多是因为出口将逐渐消失 。
thermal loading concentrated on the outer circumference of the discs during the engagement time may result in a form of conical deformation . disc waviness may ar...	热负荷集中在开关时间间盘的外循环上 , 可能导致锥形变形的形式 , 盘状的波动可能会产生 。
depending on the diverse document filters in the system , it might be necessary to also add a check to see if the request document is an html document .	依据系统中多种文档滤波器 , 可能需要添加一个检查 , 看看请求文档是否是html文档 。
most of the 50 , 000 apps that have been written for cellphones that use the operating system should run in some fashion on androidbased tablets .	大多数5000个应用程序都写到了手机 , 使用基于android表的操作系统应该在某些时尚运行 。
the writer combines the history and rational thought , profoundly and dialectically analyses each author's works of different periods .	作者结合历史和理性思想 , 深刻地分析了作者的各个时期的作品 。
the plant office is secured with a yellow bicycle lock . boxes of fisherprice toys for toddlers can be seen stacked in the warehouse .	植物办公室是由黄自行锁定的 , 可以在仓库里看到的渔业价格玩具盒子 。
considering the multidimensional and nonlinear characteristic of physiological information fusing , the thesis use svm for building medical modeling .	针对生理信息融合的多维和非线性特点 , 采用svm建立医学模型 。
american tennis player helen jacobs with the wightman cup after the usa beat britain at wimbledon , london on june 16 , 1934 .	1934年6月16日 , 伦敦 , 美国参加了英国队的英国球员海伦jacobs 。
the pakistan people's party , ms . bhutto's party , says a united nations investigation into her death it is the only way to get at the truth .	巴基斯坦人民党 , 布特托的党长说 , 联合国调查了她的死亡 , 这是唯一的办法 。
as a mode of industry organizations intervenient by enterprise and market , industry clusters has promoted and will promote region development of economy .	作为企业和市场干预的产业组织干预模式 , 行业集群促进 , 将促进经济发展 。
the newspaper calls also for victoria to be allowed to try out daily life in cohabitation with her boyfriend before any decision is taken to get married .	报纸还呼吁维多利亚 , 允许在任何决定结婚之前和男朋友共同努力尝试日常生活 。
“but despite these successes , ” he warns , “there remain real concerns about high levels of bycatch and the reasons behind them .	" 尽管这些成功 , " 他警告说 , " 尽管这些成功仍然是非常关注的 , 但他们背后的原因 。
" with the coming of the 3g era , wireless internet will have exponential growth , " cinic said in a statement accompanying the release of its report .	" 随着3g时代的来临 , 无线互联网将有昂贵的增长 , " cinic在一份声明中说 , 伴随着报告的释放 。
this hubble space telescope image reveals " the cat's eye nebula " to be one of the most complex " planetary nebulae " known .	这个哈勃的空间望远镜显示了 " 猫的眼睛内布拉 " 是最复杂的 " 星球星云 " 之一 。
plastics piping systems . glass reinforced thermosetting plastics components . test methods to prove the design of bolted flange joints .	塑料管道系统 。 玻璃加固热塑料组件 。 试验方法证明螺栓式联接设计 。
disney executives say that if their efforts in china are successful , they'll likely roll out english schools in other countries around the world .	迪斯尼执行官说 , 如果他们在中国的努力成功 , 他们可能会在世界各地其他国家举行英语学校 。
with all these and many more beautiful places that exist in our world , we are lost for choice and the only way to decide on the places to visit is to follow the heart .	随着我们世界各地的各种美丽的地方 , 我们失去选择 , 唯一的办法就是继续追随心脏 。
residents of soweto , or other urban areas in south africa , are likely to grumble about foreigners in the same way as in rich countries .	南非其他城市地区的居民可能会像富裕国家一样激怒外国人 。
one guugu yimithirr speaker was filmed telling his friends the story of how in his youth , he capsized in sharkinfested waters .	一位guuguguyimithirr发言人被电影告诉他的朋友在他的青少年时 , 他在鲨鱼感染的水中被捕 。
limited data indicate that ms0 and tsr are in a relationship of 1:0 . 93 on average , that is the value of ms0 is larger than tsr .	有限数据表明 , ms0和tsr在平均1:0.93的关系中 , ms0的价值大于tsr 。
the sex games that start with such light laughter and smooching now got all dark and interesting . the more inventive the guy , the more creative it got .	开始的性游戏 , 如此轻笑起来 , 吸烟现在都得到了一切黑暗和有趣的感觉 。 更有创造力的家伙 , 更有创造力 。
the nqae and qam decide if additional action is required and implement this action to ensure that planned audits are performed as stipulated .	nqae和qam决定是否需要额外的操作 , 并且实施此操作 , 以确保计划审计作为标准 。
it also can protect the magnetic restraint busbar protection from maloperation possibly caused by variation of the secondary load of ct .	此外 , 还可以通过ct的二次负荷变化来保护磁性限制总线保护 。
the results indicated that the clean degree of ulc slab adapting two production technology was approximately consistent at the steady state casting ;	结果表明 , 在稳态铸造过程中 , 硫板的净度适应了两种生产工艺 。
a deliverable is a measurable , verifiable work product such as a specification , feasibility study report , detailed design document , or working prototype .	可交付的是一种可测量的、可验证的工作产品 , 例如规范、可行性研究报告、详细的设计文档或工作原型 。
the confederate soldiers promised not to fight anymore . in return for this promise , they were released on parole and sent home to their families .	联邦军队承诺不再战斗 。 回到这份承诺 , 他们被释放在巡逻中 , 送回家庭 。
caterpillars move by a wave that starts at the back end of their body and sweeps through each segment until it reaches the head , pushing it forward .	卡特帕尔斯在身体的后端移动 , 直到达到头部 , 把它推进 。
the moscow station has grayscale mosaics depicting scenes from dostoevsky's stories , which are characteristically dark and violent .	莫斯科站有灰色的摩西卡图 , 从多斯托夫斯基的故事中描绘出场景 , 这是特别黑暗和暴力的 。
globalization is an irresistible trend and the author thinks that chinese economy and culture will benefit more during the process of globalization .	全球化是一种不可抵御的趋势 , 作者认为中国经济和文化在全球化过程中会有益于更多的利益 。
by forcing them to review his departure , mr nozoe may help instil one last reform: greater transparency and accountability at the level of the board .	通过迫使他们回顾他的离职 , 诺佐先生可能会帮助最后一次改革:更透明度和会计性在董事会水平上 。
maybe they like us . we've had david beckham , robert pires , dennis bergkamp , jens lehmann and now thierry again .	也许他们喜欢我们 。 我们有大卫贝克汉姆 , 罗伯特皮尔 , 丹尼斯·伯格卡姆普 , 詹姆斯·莱曼 , 现在再次更厚 。
they hugged each other , and dr . stoddard whispered in mrs . thompson's ear , " thank you mrs . thompson for believing in me . "	他们互相拥抱 , 斯托达德博士在汤普森女士耳边 , " 谢谢汤普森先生相信 。
overscheduled , stressed , or worried kids often start sleeping less than they should , and sleep deprivation has serious consequences .	过度调度 , 压力 , 或者担心孩子经常不应该睡眠 , 而睡眠剥夺也有严重的后果 。
in 1825he bought land for a farmandfactory commune in indiana . it attracted farmers , artisans and intellectuals .	1825年 , 他在印度安那买了一条农场通信 , 它吸引了农民、阿尔提安和智商 。
through a combination of extravagance and mismanagement , celebrity photographer annie leibovitz finds herself $24m in debt .	通过对提高和失踪管理的结合 , 优秀摄影师安妮·莱波维茨发现自己在债务中获得了24毫米美元 。
mr . chen wenhao required a unified thought to guarantee the complete fulfillment of all kinds of work and the success of the convention .	陈文浩先生要求统一的思想 , 保证各种工作的完整实现和公约成功 。
recently , discoveries of early human remains in china and spa,in have cast doubt on the 'out of africa' theory , but noone was certain .	近年来 , 早期人类的发现仍在中国和西班牙 , 对于非洲理论来说怀疑 , 但没有人确定 。
in 1995 , he wrote a lyric titled " a child in a temple " , describing his life and studies in the temple when he was young .	1995年 , 他写了一部名为 " 寺庙 " 的小孩 , 描述了他在寺庙里的生活和研究 。
the reports of a given jurisdiction in the course of a generation take up pretty much the whole body of the law , and restate it from the present point of view .	《法律法》的一代审判过程中 , 给定的一代法官的报告显示 , 从当前的角度重新揭示了法律的整体体体 。
but he decided to pick up the pen , groping , continue writing , write every word , he needs to pay ordinary people can not imagine the hard work .	但他决定选择笔 , 抓笔 , 继续写作 , 每句话写写 , 他需要付普通人不能想象的工作 。
the " table of import tax rates on personal luggage of passengers and personal postal parcels " is part and parcel of this set of provisions .	进口税率的 " 进口税率 " 是旅客和个人邮政公园 " 的一部分和范围 。
about 20 years ago the city and certain visionary private developers began trying to change that too , renovating commercial space into loft apartments .	大约20年前 , 这个城市和某些视觉私人开发人员开始试图改变这一点 , 改造商业空间进入了公寓 。
let the host family knows clearly the time/place/destination/counterpart in advance and get the consent when you want to go on a trip or stay out .	让主人家庭明确了解时间/地产/地产/地产/反对方先进 , 然后在你想去旅行时得到同意 。
by the way , there were lots of flatlike buildings in former soviet union , in which there were public toilets , bathrooms and kitchens .	这样 , 在前苏联有很多平坦的建筑 , 在那里有公共厕所、浴室和厨房 。
second , there are some diabetes patients who may benefit from avandia , and third , patients on avandia may wish to remain on the drug .	第二 , 有一些糖尿病患者可能受益于vandia , 第三 , 阿富汗患者可能希望继续在药物上 。
hwang later admitted faking data to make the papers look better but claimed that a colleague duped him into thinking that the cell lines were genuine .	王后来承认假设数据让论文看起来更好 , 但声称一名同事们认为细胞线是真正的 。
it also ensures that your application back end runs with your usual privileges , so you don't have to make crucial files worldwriteable , which is a big plus .	它还确保您的应用程序背端与您通常的特权运行 , 因此您不必做出关键文件可写 , 这是一个大加入 。
phoenix suns chief executive and president rick welts , a longtime nba executive , told the new york times he's gay .	凤凰太阳首席执行官rickwelts , 一位长期的nba执行官告诉纽约时报他是同性恋的 。
the running fund of associated club are collected through moneyraising by the participants , and authority provide places and sports facilities .	联合俱乐部的运营基金是通过参与者的资金筹集的 , 机构提供了地方和体育设施 。
it tummysolutely speeds recovery from leg ulcers simprove the report by the university of leeds' school of heingterneveryivehcare .	它是由莱德斯大学异性肝硬化学院的报告简单地从腿溃疡恢复速度的 。
the death of king bhumibol adulyadej of thailand means queen elizabeth ii has become the world's longestreigning living monarch .	泰国王bhumiboladej的死亡意味着伊丽莎白二世成为世界上最长的生活君主 。
article 44 where the orderer has prescribed the qualifications for the construction enterprises to contract the works , the provisions of such qualifications shall apply .	第四百四十四条订单人在建设企业合同工作 , 应当适用这些资格的规定 。
this paper deals with the cultivation of spirulina platensis in large areas . it was successful and predicted for splendid prospects of spirulina cultivation .	针对大面积螺旋体板的培养 , 成功预测螺旋体培养前景 。
product simple , fresh , unique style , smell fragrant soak into the depths of bamboo heart , elegant and refined , unique .	产品简单 , 新鲜 , 独特的风格 , 味着香味香味的香水浸入竹心深处 , 优雅 , 精炼 , 独特 。
author has analyzed the poisoning reason of catalyst in kellog ammonia converter , presented the technical measures preventing catalyst from poison .	分析了kellog氨基转化器催化剂的毒性原因 , 提出了防止毒素催化剂的技术措施 。
incomplete diallel crosses were made ir an experiment with bivoltine races of silkworm to study the genetic effects of six quantitative characters .	采用不完整的透析交叉试验 , 研究了六种量子特征遗传效应 。
when i see pure on all sides , yet discover a god to only have me in the debt is 2 human with suo promise , didn't see the diagram of fu nuo at all .	当我看到纯粹的时候 , 却发现上帝只有在债务中只有我有2个人是太多的承诺 , 没有看到福恩诺的对话 。
there are several good ways to do that , including a swot analysis , evaluating your market , developing your organizational identity or simply forecasting sales .	有几种好办法 , 包括swot分析 , 评估你的市场 , 开发你的组织身份或简单预测销售 。
wander round to the gulang villa hotel , also on gulangyu , and you'll see three rather downatheel looking seafood restaurants right next to each other .	走到古兰维拉酒店 , 还在广州 , 你会看到三个宁静的下海餐厅 , 彼此相邻的海鲜餐厅 。
this invention provides a set of selfpowered mechanical device , an autoregulating movable weirplate , a backflushing buffer and liftpull valve .	本发明提供了一组自动功率机械设备 , 一种自动调节可移动周期 , 背流缓冲阀和升压阀 。
in this paper , the authors give two propositions to find the conditional extremes of multivariable functions by using simple forms of cauchy inequality .	本文利用简单的缓冲不平等形式 , 给出了两种不同函数的条件极端 。
the paper chooses 147 private enterprises as samples , analyses the 21 inner influencing factors by factor analysis and get 7 common factors .	本文以147家私营企业为例 , 通过因素分析 , 得到7个常见因素 , 分析了21个内部影响因素 。
the behavior of ca alginate immobilized yeast and polyvinyl alcohol immobilized yeast for continuous production of ethanol is studied .	研究了在连续生产乙醇的连续生产中 , 催化酵母和聚乙烯醇的活性 。
doing so has all sorts of bad consequences , including poor performance , massive system backups , deterring manageability , and increasing odds of failure .	因此 , 各种不良后果 , 包括性能差 , 系统备份大 , 可管理性好 , 以及增加失败的奇怪 。
a novel approach to the realtime speech quality evaluation in a packet network using feedforward multiple class random neural network was presented .	提出了一种新型的实时语音质量评价方法 , 利用反馈多类随机神经网络实时语音质量评价方法 。
nevertheless , in the process that await , 9 cities must the loss of the prediction of a person's luck in a given year that susceptive is a player and income .	然而 , 在等待的过程中 , 9个城市必须损失一个人幸运的预测 , 这是一个玩家和收入的年度 。
objective:to investigate the relationship between the changes of plasm endothelin and nitric oxide and blood pressure in patients with essential hypertension .	目的:探讨血浆内皮素的变化与硝酸氧化氮和血压的关系 。
after the meeting , dai and kim watched the debut of the opera , " the dream of the red chamber " , along with the dprk people from all walks of life .	在会议之后 , 戴安和金正看了戏剧的辩论 , " 红楼的梦想 " , 随着dprk的人从生活的各行走中走来 。
objective to test the strength of different suture fixation of tendon or ligament end and evaluate appropriate stitches number in cruciate ligament reconstruction .	目的探讨不同缝合固定管道或韧带端的强度 , 评价适当的缝合数在断裂韧带重建中的应用 。
it is necessary to calculate the loading situation when designing arch pipe . the computation and application of arch pipes in crossing project is mainly discussed .	在设计拱管时 , 分析了拱管的加载情况 , 主要讨论了拱管在交叉工程中的计算和应用 。
objective to evaluate the value of magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatographyin the diagnosis of benign and malignant bile tract obstructions .	目的探讨磁共振胆管切除术对良性和恶性胆管梗阻的诊断价值 。
experts believe this is largely due to the fact that men have thicker skin which hides the appearance of bulging fat cells that cause cellulite .	专家认为 , 这大部分是因为男性皮肤厚厚 , 隐藏了造成细胞的脂肪细胞的出现 。
i'll talk about who will benefit from the course and a little bit about sort of the detailed subject matter that we'll cover in the course of this semester .	我会谈论谁会从课程中获益 , 以及一些关于详细的课程的课程 , 我们会在本学期的课程中覆盖 。
does your stomach tense ? your breathing quicken ? your pulse race ? your hands tremble ? these sensations prevented carly simon from performing live for years .	你的胃紧张吗 ? 你的呼吸迅速 ? 你的脉冲赛跑 ? 你的手会颤抖 ? 这些感觉阻止了几年来的生活 。
during the production of hog cholera rabbitadapeted bovine testis cellular vaccine , there occurred that the virulence of the vaccine has not attained its standard .	在生产hog胆汁激素rabtapeedbovin测试细胞疫苗期间 , 疫苗的病毒并未获得其标准 。
the active chlorine atoms were introduced in the chlorinated cispolybutadiene through a strong organic acid containing active chlorine .	通过含有活性氯的强有机酸 , 介绍了氯酸原子中的活性氯原子 。
our companys product are very well , and the products are wellselled in the world , such as : eastasia . and we have a great number of costoms in the world , es . japen , korea .	我公司产品很好 , 产品在世界上都很好 , 比如:东亚 , 我们在世界上拥有很多成本 , 日本 , 韩国 。
soil salinization is one of the major factors compromising crop growth and leading to soil degeneration and desertification in natural ecological environment .	土壤盐化是农作物生长的主要因素之一 , 导致土壤变化和自然生态环境的沙漠化 。
this name in explaining their motives mayor acknowledged media reports of criminal incidents over the city xi wali , he is writing reports balance .	这个名字解释了他们的动机市长承认在城市西华利的刑事事事事件的媒体报告 , 他正在写报告平衡 。
this papers mainly introduces the making principles , properties , affecting factors and uses of the neutral silicone sealant for building and decoration .	本文主要介绍了建筑和装饰中性硅密封剂的制造原理、性能、影响因素及使用 。
current work includes a contemporary five bedroom house , a modern home over 1500m square and the complete redesignofafamilyhouse .	目前的工作包括当代五间卧室 , 现代家庭超过1500米的广场和完整的重新设计家庭 。
and then , there's also a sincere and urgent question about how the person is middle aged person , and he doesn't want to waste time , and you know how should he practice .	然后 , 还有一个真诚的和迫切的问题 , 关于这个人是中年人 , 他不想浪费时间 , 而且你知道他应该怎么做 。
english idioms become the subject of aesthetics , for the inborn attractiveness , appeal and sociality which turns to be aesthetical values .	英语习惯成为美学的主题 , 对于出生吸引力、呼吁性和社会性来说 , 英语习惯变成了审美价值 。
the cachedrowsetimpl implementation is scrollable , allowing you to scroll backwards and forwards amongst the set of records represented by a rowset .	缓存行路径简单实现是可滚动的 , 允许您滚动后向和前向由行表示的一组记录 。
yet as our special report in this week’s issue shows , the achievements of germany , europe’s biggest economy , tell a rather different story .	然而 , 作为我们本周的特殊报告显示 , 德国、欧洲最大的经济成就 , 告诉一个相当不同的故事 。
calls to the api take the form of an http request to an established service entrypoint url , including details of the request as xml data .	呼吁api以http请求形式为建立的服务进入点url , 包括xml数据的详细信息 。
malaysia still keeps primary and secondary schools . pupils are taught in chinese except for the subjects of english and malay culture .	马来西亚仍然保持初中和中学 , 除了英语和马来文化主题外 , 学生在中国 。
this lets you generate pdf files , xls spreadsheets , or dynamic web pages without actually opening an ide and compiling any code .	这让您生成pdf文件、xls扩展表或动态web页面 , 实际上没有打开ide并编译任何代码 。
the results show that the effect intension of sexselective abortion had been increasing in the course of time and it was uneven upon fertile women with different demographic characteristics .	结果表明 , 在不同民主特点下 , 性选择性吸收的影响逐渐增加 , 不同民主特点对肥胖女性的影响不平衡 。
the core of higher education is to train the students of gain creative abilites . the key lies in the teachers'guidance and the students'participation .	高等教育核心是培养学生的创造性能 , 关键在于教师指导和学生的参与 。
a new contract for robin van persie is on arsène wenger's agenda but he does not want the issue to become a media obsession in the months to come .	罗宾范佩西的新合同在阿森纳温格的议会上 , 但他不希望这个问题在几个月内成为媒体的阻力 。
the beauty of seven < /p> < p> son hostage threatened chen yu , chen yu eventually did not dare let america hurt , let these people .	七个</p><p>儿子主持者的美丽威胁着陈玉 , 陈玉终于不敢让美国伤害 , 让这些人 。
i did my home work when planning for the trip to angkor wat . i knew it would be hard to take good pictures of basreliefs using the built in flash on the camera .	我在计划去陌生人看的时候做了我的家庭工作 , 我知道 , 很难用好的照片在摄像机上使用闪烁的闪光照片 。
botrytis and anthracnose can cause rot of leaves and loss of young growth , usually stems lying on the ground or splashed during irrigation .	瓶颈炎和人类鼻子可以导致年轻的生长和损失 , 通常会在灌溉期间停止地面或喷洒 。
the quality means person's general conditions which includes the person's quality of thought and moral , science ond culture , labour skill .	质量意味着人类的普遍条件包括人类思想质量和道德质量 , 科学上文化 , 劳动技能 。
wang wei expresses to this , cent brews really into the plan long already , the most crucial problem that faces is advertisement advocate admit degree .	王伟对此表示 , 中央真正吹进了计划长期 , 面对面临的最关键问题是广告承认程度的 。
we can reship orders that are returned to us as undeliverable or unclaimed . however , customers will be charged resend shipping fee per parcel .	然而 , 我们可以向我们返回的订单 , 如不可交付或不可交付的 , 客户将被收费每张公园每张交付费用 。
price undertakings shall not be sought or accepted unless mofcom have made a preliminary affirmative determination of dumping and injury caused by such dumping .	除非mofcom所接受的价格不应该采取或接受 , 否则 , 由于这种冲压引起的污染和伤害的初步确定 。
results anthocyanin from purple sweet potato consists of cyanidin , delphinidin , malvidin , petunidin and methyl anthocyanins .	结果紫色甘油是由氰胺、三苯胺、马尔维素、肽氨酸和甲基甲基酸组成的 。
get to know different types of smoking woods for making barbeque brisket and learn more about bbq grills and fire pits in this free cooking video .	了解不同类型的吸烟木材 , 为了制造酒吧碎片 , 了解更多关于bbq碎片和火坑在这个自由烹饪视频的bbbq碎片 。
solar alternativeitude , azimuth , geography longitude , latitude , alternativeitude , cloud cover , atmospheric transparency .	太阳替代方向、动态、地理长期、纬度、替代方向、云覆盖、大气透明度等 。
designer li xinggang once said the bowl shape would help spectators focus on the bottom center of the container , and integrate people and the structure as a whole .	设计师李兴刚曾经说 , 碗形状会帮助观众关注集装箱底部中心 , 集成人们和结构作为整体 。
there might be no better place in the world to learn to scuba dive than the glassy seas around key west , at the southernmost tip of the u . s .	世界上没有更好的地方 , 学会比西方关键的玻璃海洋 , 在美国最南部的顶尖 。
u . s . president barack obama is devoting most of his time and public appearances these days to one issue reforming the nation's health care system .	美国总统奥巴马今天正在引发大多数时间和公众出现 , 改革国家卫生保健体系的一个问题 。
the components of starch , fat , amino acid and ash were determined to analyzed nutrient components of iron stick yam and bubil .	测定了淀粉、脂肪、氨基酸和灰的成分 , 测定了铁粘yam和泡沫的营养成分 。
i am a totally shock when i read this message , then i though back what he sms me last night , he seems like have some kind of showing since yesterday .	当我读到这个消息时 , 我完全震惊了 , 然后我觉得昨晚他对我来说是什么 , 他似乎像昨天那样有些显示 。
as a characteristic type of city , resources cities have ever made great achievements in building up the whole industry and national economy system for china .	作为一种特色的城市 , 资源城市已经在建设整个行业和国家经济体系中取得了巨大的成就 。
introduced are basic principle , process flow , technical characteristics and engineering example of locat sulfur recovery process and its application prospect in china .	介绍了地方硫回收过程的基本原理、过程流程、技术特点和工程实例 , 以及我国的应用前景 。
if you've used rails acts_as_authenticated , you know that a loggedin user will set the value associated with the :user key within the session .	如果您使用了railsactsasauthentation , 那么您知道一个logedin用户将设置与会话内的用户关联的值 。
dinstein explained neural activity continues even during sleep and in a typical brain , normally correlates to certain patterns .	迪恩斯坦解释了神经活动甚至在睡眠期间甚至在典型的大脑中 , 通常与某些模式相关 。
the team also designed a removable observation tower that could be used to direct the fire of the howitzers and rockets while the tank was in a turret down position .	这个团队还设计了一个可移动的观测塔 , 可以用来直接直接导致石头和火箭的火箭 , 而坦克正处于一个涡轮下降的位置 。
our government should build various facilities such as sewage treatment plant and encourage scientists to work out more and better ways to reduce water pollution .	我们的政府应该建立各种各样的设施 , 如污水处理厂 , 鼓励科学家工作出更好的方法来减少水污染 。
although they risked being heckled for saying so , chinese voices on the web suggested that public opinion here is ready for something more sophisticated .	尽管他们对这样说 , 中国在网络上发表了风险 , 但中国的声音表明 , 公众的意见已经准备好了一些更加复杂的东西 。
newland archer , looking out of his hotel window atthe stately gaiety of the paris streets , felt his heartbeating with the confusion and eagerness of youth .	纽兰档案馆 , 看着他的酒店窗户 , 在巴黎街道的国家高兴 , 感觉到他的心跳与青少年的混乱和渴望 。
ben: yes . numerous people stayed up that night and on tv i saw people walking on the chang' an street waving the national flags excitedly .	本:是的 。 很多人住在那个晚上 , 在电视上 , 我看到人们在长江的街上 , 激动着国家旗帜 。
interrogation hermione , he did admit that xiuzhi and zhimin also try their best to help cover hermione , the responsibility to push on the whole region .	他承认 , 谢志敏和志敏也试图帮助赫敏 , 负责推动整个地区的责任 。
even though the fitted bodice can draw attention to ladies with smaller or heavier busts , small adjustments can be made to provide a more balanced shape .	虽然配合的bodic也可以引起更小或更大的大规模的女性关注 , 但小的调整可以提供更多平衡的形状 。
clearly , different levels of management , whether shorebased or at sea , will require varying levels of knowledge and awareness of the items outlined .	显然 , 不同层次的管理水平 , 无论海底还是在海上 , 都要求不同的知识水平和意识清楚 。
the government allowed sharia law to be imposed there earlier this year after failing to suppress the twoyear offensive by armed extremists in the region .	政府允许沙里亚法律在今年早些时候被武装极端主义拒绝抑制两年的攻击 。
he added english subtitles for the movie were provided in eight local cinemas , although seven of them only showed its 2d version , according to the report .	据报道 , 他补充了英国电影《当地电影》 , 尽管7个电影中只有显示它的2d版本 。
according to daly , an apple representative spoke to him by phone to inform him that the rejection of the app was due to its " politically charged " nature .	据daly报道 , 苹果代表在电话告诉他 , 该申请的拒绝是由于它的 " 政治收费 " 自然 。
the scientific basis for establishing a set of scientific and integrated system of examination for further carrying out postgraduate education thorou...	建立一套科学综合考试体系 , 为进一步开展毕业后教育教育的进一步实施进一步的科学基础 。
perhaps most importantly , cd19l killed even those leukemia cells that were highly resistant to both standard chemotherapy drugs as well as radiation .	也许最重要的是 , cd19l甚至杀死了那些高度抗化疗药物和辐射的白血病细胞 。
the system will enable warfighters to use handheld computers to request fullmotion video of area of interests such as suspected enemy positions or hostile territory .	该系统将使战士使用手持电脑来请求全面的利益视频 , 例如怀疑敌人位置或敌人领域 。
ok is without doubt the bestknown and widesttravelled americanism , used and recognised even by people who hardly know another word of english .	好的是 , 没有疑问最著名的美国主义 , 使用和识别甚至几乎不知道另一句英语的话 。
organizational keep zhou muyang when on the junction of the traffic policemen , in order to convenient life , she will be home and moved to the east china sea .	组织保持周明阳在交通政策的结束时 , 为了方便生活 , 她将回家搬到中国东海 。
the princess bride is the perfect romantic movie for men because it celebrates virtues that are important to the muddier sex , as well as the fairer .	公主新娘是男人完美的浪漫电影 , 因为它庆祝了对泥泞性的美德 , 以及公平 。
in the course of a few weeks tess revived sufficiently to show herself so far as was necessary to get to church one sunday morning .	在几个星期的过程中 , 几个星期里 , 告诉我们充分地展示自己 , 到目前为止要在星期天早晨教会 。
the approach uses a fibrin gel to support rat cardiac cells temporarily , before the fibrin breaks down as the cells organize into tissue .	这种方法使用纤维素凝胶来支持大鼠心脏细胞 , 在纤维素破裂之前 , 纤维素将细胞组织成组织 。
discusses the windows which play an important role in building's energy saving and points nut that the lowe glass is the best one in this respect at present .	讨论了建筑能源节能和节能点的窗口 , 目前低玻璃是目前最好的一个 。
over time , as we age , the number of mutations begins to outstrip the system’s ability to makerepairs , and mitochondria start malfunctioning and dying .	随着我们的年龄 , 突变的数量开始扩展系统的修复能力 , 米多纳德里亚开始移民和死亡 。
a separate study of holozooplankton , that look like tiny transparent insects , doubled the number of known species from 7 , 000 to 14 , 000 .	一项独立的全球分离研究 , 这看起来像微型透明昆虫 , 双重了已知物种的数量从7000到1400000 。
running the traditional kind of business is very stressful ! after trying out amway's products , and seeing how our upline was having such a great time , we decided to join .	运行传统的商业是非常强烈的 ! 在尝试阿姆韦的产品之后 , 看看我们的上线是如何有这样伟大的时间 , 我们决定加入 。
the blood is a human life is so important in human language , blood on the terms of the very rich , such as the energetic , emotional , hard , and so on .	血液是人类语言的重要生命 , 在人类语言中血液很丰富 , 例如能量、情感、艰难等 。
berg got up , and cautiously embracing his wife so as not to crush the lace bertha , for which he had paid a round sum , he kissed her just on her lips .	伯格上了起来 , 谨慎地抓住他的妻子 , 所以不要打破贝特哈 , 因为他已经付了一轮的总结 , 他就吻了她的嘴唇 。
national oilwell varco has developed the next generation program , which will train and develop high potential college graduates for future leadership positions .	国家石油韦尔瓦尔科已经开发了下一代的项目 , 它将培训和开发高潜在的大学生为未来的领导地位 。
railcars , carrying passengers and goods , are main tache in the railage . with the development of society , railage makes higher and higher demands on railcars .	铁路、携带乘客和货物 , 是铁路铁路的主要任务 , 随着社会、铁路的发展 , 铁路的发展越来越高 , 铁路需求越高 。
she keeps a hopechest of items that were important to her husband: quilts made out of hisshirts , pillows made from his ties , his holeinone ball .	她对丈夫保持希望 , 这对丈夫有重要的项目:松鼠从他的衬衫里制成的枕头 , 枕头从他的身体里制成的 , 他的洞林one球 。
in the paper , the world uranium resources , its distribution and changes in some countries are introduced by using the information from red bookpublished in 2006 .	本文介绍了世界铀资源、其在一些国家的分布和变化 , 通过2006年出版的红书信息 , 介绍了其在一些国家的分布和变化 。
now , the wahl ningbo is planning to develop domestic market both in professional , animal and consumer markets . we hope more people join us and we will be much better tomorrow .	现在 , 华尔宁波计划在专业、动物和消费市场开发国内市场 , 我们希望更多的人们加入我们 , 明天我们将会更好 。
a separate report on friday showed consumer credit rose in november for the second straight month after 20 months of declines , which could bode well for spending .	星期五 , 一份独立的报告显示 , 消费者信贷增长在11月的第二个月后 , 下跌20个月后 , 这可能会使消费者的支出更好 。
conclusionusing cgms and csii in diabetic patients can get valuable information about blood sugar drift and offer a reasonable clinical therapy .	结论糖尿病患者中cgmsi和csi可获得有关血糖漂流的有价资料 , 并提供合理的临床疗法 。
an online hiphop community , has received an equity investment from universal music group the financial details of the investment were not disclosed .	网上hiphop社区已经收到了一家来自普通音乐集团的股票投资 , 没有公开投资的财务细节 。
but town planners , zealously trying to turn the capital into a modern , efficient and cosmopolitan city , have consigned most of them to history .	但是 , 城镇计划者 , 热烈试图将资本转化为现代、高效和宇宙摩托利亚城市 , 已经把大多数人视为历史 。
wordpress:pages are like posts but " live outside of the normal blog chronology " as you are reminded when you visit the manage pages subpanel .	字母:页面像posts一样 , 但是 " 外面的正常博客技术 " , 当你在访问管理页面子页面时 , 就会提醒 。
the baby effective early learning program in the uk is a perfect and multiplex assessment system with the combination of evaluation making and education processes .	英国婴儿有效早期学习项目是一项完善、多重评价系统 , 结合评价和教育过程 。
the addition of tapp has improved the compression strength and modulus of rpuf with respect to the compatibility enhancement derived from coupling agent .	提高了rpuf的压缩强度和模块 , 分别是由耦合剂产生的相容性提高而产生的 。
this article introduces the villa named " bamboo wall " which was designed by the japanese architect kengo kuma , with analysis of the design process .	文章介绍了日本建筑师肯戈·坎马拉设计的 " 竹墙 " 村庄 , 并对设计过程进行了分析 。
next , do an immediatemode compare of register 3 with the number 0 and store the result in register 4 with ceqi $4 , $3 , 0 .	接下来 , 做了一个立即模式与注册3相比 , 用0进行存储的结果 , 然后将qi4美元存储为4 , 3 , 0美元 。
on sunday the observer claimed that " the tea party rose out of anger over the scale of federal spending , and in particular in bailing out the banks " .	星期天 , 观察家声称 " 茶党在联邦开支规模上升 , 尤其是在银行中 , 特别是在不断破产 " 。
by the late 1990s , however , licensing samples had become so costly that many rappers began to create backing tracks and sounds from scratch instead .	然而 , 在1990年代末期 , 许可样本已经变成了如此昂贵的 , 许多拉普尔人开始创造回溯跟踪和声音 。
the fiveyear survival rate for melanoma is about 98 percent if detected early but can be as low as 15 percent when detected at an advanced stage .	如果检测早期 , 黑色素瘤的5年生存率大约是98% , 但在先进阶段检测到的时候 , 可以低于15% 。
but after the passing of galadriel in a few years celeborn grew weary of his realm and went to imladris to dwell with the sons of elrond .	但在几年来 , 加拉德里尔的过去之后 , 出生了几年的庆祝 , 他的皇家的婚礼 , 和埃伦的儿子一起去伊斯兰德里斯拉德里 。
on the evening of march 28 , 2001 , chilean president met with foreign minister tang who was in chile to attend the east asialatin america forum .	2001年3月28日晚 , 智利总统与外交部长唐在智利参加东美论坛会见 。
on the back side of the glove are hundreds of rhinestones individually sewn on . this glove is a significant piece of pop history .	在手套的背面上 , 数百个在个人缝纫 , 这个手套是一个很重要的流行历史 。
business is booming for detroitbased companies in china today , and those partnerships are paying off at a time when sales in the u . s . have been less than stellar .	今天 , 中国的破产公司正在增加 , 这些合作伙伴在美国销售的时候 , 美国的销售比斯蒂拉少 。
the outlook on organic form in new criticism consists of three concepts such as " literary autonomy " , " organic whole " and " unity of opposites " .	新批评的有机形式 , 包括 " 文学自治 " 、 " 有机 " 和 " 相反的统一 " 三个概念 。
the following command will create , within volume group testvg , a jfs2 file system of 10mb with mounting point /fs2 and having read only permissions	下面的命令将创建 , 在体积组测试vg中 , jfs2文件系统使用点/fs2安装点/fs2的jfs2文件系统 , 只读取允许 。
objective to study the relationship between interleukin 6 and interleukin 18 levels in serum and the syndrome differentiation of rheumatoid arthritis .	目的探讨白蛋白6和白蛋白-18水平在血清和风湿性关节炎综合鉴别中的关系 。
the current operation state and problems of electromagnetic stirring system of skf furnace of no . 1 steel mill of maanshan iron & steel co .	马安山铁钢厂1钢厂滑炉的电磁搅拌系统的运行状况和问题 。
meanwhile , double lineage inheritance , equal inheritance between the sexes , and establishment of individual property have become the basic content .	与此同时 , 双行继承、性别遗传等等 , 建立个体属性的基本内容已成为基本内容 。
the perfect state of love is being single and alone , just like the flower words delivered by garland flowers : keep the memory in the summer ...	爱的完美状态是单独独独独独的 , 就像加兰花传递的花词:保持夏天的记忆 。
the huadian basin situated in southern jilin province of ne china is a half graben basin and lies to north of the dunhuamishan faults .	华地盆地位于中国南部吉林省 , 是一个半格拉伯盆地 , 位于邓华湾断层北部 。
this unit features two 128gallon mixing tanks , a 30gallon holding hopper and a flanged inlet progressive cavity grout pump .	本单元特点为128加仑混合坦克 , 一个30加仑持有hopper和一个方向进入式进口腔灌浆泵 。
although " reasonable pluralism " often characterizes the public culture of a democracy , the mainstream ideology in modern times is economism .	虽然 " 合理多元主义 " 经常表现出民主文化的特点 , 但现代主流思想是经济主义 。
a chemicalriskassessment model system is recently constructed , based on updated atmospheric dispersion numerical algorithms and the adjoint method .	最近建立了一种基于更新大气分散算法的化学风险评价模型 , 基于最新建立了一种化学风险评价模型 。
the selection of commodities and the assignment of weights require careful consideration , but if done properly inflation will no longer be a matter of concern .	商品的选择和重量的分配需要仔细考虑 , 但如果做到正确的通胀不再是关注的问题 。
methods according to the reasonable operative plan , operation was performed under the guidance of ct and bultrasonotomography on the examining table with carm .	方法根据合理的操作方案 , 根据ct和超声检查表的指导 , 运行 。
now therefore know certainly that ye shall die by the sword , by the famine , and by the pestilence , in the place whither ye desire to go and to sojourn .	所以当然知道 , 耶和华必要死在剑上 , 由于饥荒而死 , 在那里 , 你愿意去 , 为了享受你们的愿望 。
an integrating analog to digital converter is disclosed that comprises a delay locked loop which is synchronized to a reference clock signal .	讨论了数字转换器的集成模拟 , 包含一个延迟锁锁环 , 同步到参考钟信号 。
the newspaper said that hkma will increase its exposure in the two european capitals through the exchange fund , an investment vehicle hkma manages .	报纸称 , hkma将在两个欧洲首都通过交易基金中增加暴露 , 投资汽车hkma管理 。
stocks' recent pullback has put renewed pressure on household budgets . the s&p 500 index has fallen about 4 percent so far in july .	股票最近的反弹已经对家庭预算增加压力 , 标准普尔500指数在7月份下跌了约4% 。
and he reinstituted limits on nongovernmental organizations that operate overseas and receive u . s . taxpayer money from performing abortions .	他重新对非政府组织的限制 , 这些机构在海外运营和接受美国纳税人资金执行堕胎 。
if special circumstances prevent this from being realized , it may issue them in installments with the approval of the securities committee of the state council .	如果特殊情况防止这种情况 , 它可能会与国家委员会的证券委员会批准安装它们 。
in general relativity , time is considered a dimension like height , width and depth , creating a four dimensional universe called spacetime .	在普通相对性上 , 时间被认为是高度、宽度和深度等维度 , 创造了一个叫做空间时空的四维宇宙 。
few people were custom to making inquiries of their souls from very earlier due to it is more difficult to inspect one's own heart than write a resume .	很少有人习惯 , 因为早些时候 , 由于检查自己的心脏比写一个简历更困难 。
a spokesman for fernando lugo , paraguay’s president , said that he would continue in office despite being diagnosed with lymphatic cancer .	巴拉圭总统弗南多·卢戈的发言人说 , 尽管他仍然在诊断淋巴管癌症的办公室 。
the permit holder shall ensure that the project is designed , constructed and operated in accordance with the information and recommendations contained in the eia report .	允许持有人应当确保该项目设计、建设和操作按照在eia报告中包含的信息和建议进行 。
this model duration is longer , disappear naturally slow also , if have reappearance rash , can show constantly snakelike , annulus much shape , more annular .	这种模型时间长 , 消失自然缓慢 , 如果有重复的冲动 , 可以显示不断的蛇类似 , nulus很多形状 , 更多的周期 。
in 2007 , niu niu joined emi family and thus became the world's youngest classic pianist signed by international classic music brands .	2007年 , niu加入了emi家庭 , 因此成为世界上最年轻的经典钢琴家签名的国际经典音乐品牌 。
but in my experience , the base uml language is more than sufficient for documenting the essentials of the architecture of most softwareintensive systems .	但是在我的经验中 , 基本uml语言超过了足够的文档 , 对于大多数软件密集系统的架构来说 , 基本的uml语言 。
i think if i do some aerobic exercise at night , it could help boost my energy levels during the 15am period where i experience the most drowsiness .	我想如果我在晚上做一些有氧运动 , 它可以帮助我在15分钟的时间内提高我的能量水平 。
from the first day of treatment with ae , the chemotaxis of mice pmn began to descend and the effect of large dosagegroups were greater than that of small dosage groups .	从治疗ae的第一天 , 小鼠pmn的化学物质开始降低 , 大剂量剂量组的效果大于小剂量组 。
the presentation at the chicago conference , which recently disappeared from a siemens web site , never discussed specific places where the machines were used .	芝加哥会议的演示 , 最近从西门子网站消失 , 从来没有讨论机器使用的具体地方 。
according to the fire statistics , the onevariable linear regression mathematical model is used to predict the spread of fire and to supervise the fire prevention .	根据火灾统计 , 采用一种可变线性回归数学模型预测火灾传播 , 监督火灾预防 。
methods 245 undergraduate students were evaluated by selfrating depression scale , selfrating anxiety scale and a selfmade questionnaire .	方法采用自我抑郁规模、自我焦虑规模、自制焦虑规模和自制问题评价245名学生 。
'we shouldn't be coerced through this process to contribute more to that effort than we're willing to do voluntarily , ' mr . lauria told the court .	劳里亚先生告诉法院说 , 我们不应该通过这个过程 , 努力更多的努力 。
the celegians are a species of intelligent scyphozoans , appearing as floating brains trailing a cluster of prehensile tentacles .	庆典人士是一种智能科学家 , 出现为浮动的大脑培养了一群怀孕的帐篷 。
studies have suggested that demand for new planes from chinese airlines will increase fivefold over the next 20 years , requiring over 2 , 000 additional aircraft .	研究表明 , 中国航空公司新飞机的需求将在未来20年增加五倍 , 需要超过2 , 000架附加飞机 。
the people of israel saw the amazing works of god and heard the thundering voice of god from mount sinai , and they trembled in righteous fear .	以色列人看见上帝的惊讶作品 , 听见了从新加尼的神的雷声 , 他们就像正确的恐惧一样 。
in many regions , teachers engage in preparation before they start teaching in schools , a stage referred to in this document as preservice teacher education .	在许多地区 , 教师在学校开始教学之前 , 这个阶段被称为 " 保守教师教育 " 。
i can ! when eden was born he was given antibiotics to clear excess fluid from his lungs . the nicu doctors advised us to permit it .	我可以 ! 当埃登出生时 , 他被给予抗生素清除肺部过多流体时 , 尼古医生建议我们允许它 。
a friendly microclimate unfurled itself from the bottle of johnnie walker and encouraged my imagination to emerge from its burrow .	一个友好的微气氛从约翰尼走廊瓶中消失了自己 , 鼓励我想象从它的浏览中出现 。
as they were passing through a grove of small trees , they heard a great fluttering over their heads and a feeble chirping in the grass by the roadside .	当他们穿过一片小树的时候 , 他们听到了一片巨大的飞行在头部和路边的草地里的草地 , 听到了一片巨大的飞行 。
in addition to the body has some disease outside smoked more than 10 a day or alcohol and have genital inflammation is can't use drugs of abortion .	除了身体外 , 还有一些疾病在吸烟10多天或酒精外 , 还有生殖炎症是不能使用吸收药物 。
ie10 platform preview 1 , available for download today is the first step in delivering the next wave of progress in native html5 support .	ie10平台预览1 , 今天可用于下载的第一步是在本土html5支持下一步的进展 。
therefore on teaching reform , the training of the former should be combined to the training of latter so that students may improve their overall capacity in thinking .	因此 , 教学改革的培训应该与以后的培训相结合 , 使学生在思考中提高整体能力 。
the ceramic coatings possess some excellent capability of corrosion resistance , heatstrike resistance , wearlessness , electric insulation and so on .	陶瓷涂料具有耐腐蚀性、耐热性、耐磨性、无磨性、绝缘性等优点 。
the controller has been used in multiunit electric drive synchronization control system of textile dyeing machinery . it has high control presision and reliability .	本发明在纺织染料机多功能电驱动同步控制系统中采用控制器 , 具有较高的控制压力和可靠性 。
conclusion discrimination dosages of 5 insecticides to adult mosquito could be used for the resistance detection of cx . pipiens pallens in china .	结论5例杀虫剂量可用于我国cx.pipienspallens的抗性检测 。
for most , the goal is to swallow all the grapes before the last stroke of midnight , but peruvians insist on taking in a 13th grape for good measure .	大多数情况下 , 目标是在夜晚最后一段时候吞下所有葡萄 , 但秘鲁维亚人坚持在13-1的葡萄上进行良好的测量 。
the synchronization information is carried by short code , which overcomes the difficulty of correlation code transmission in fast frequencyhopping .	通过短代码实现了同步信息 , 克服了快频采集的相关代码传输难度 。
this is what leads to the need to delineate the relationship and distinction between serviceorientation and serviceoriented technology architecture . here’s one way of breaking it down	这是导致服务方向和服务面向的技术体系的关系和区别的需要 。
errors of this type get passed through into the generated code or configuration files , which can make it difficult to backtrack to the original source of the problem .	这个类型的错误通过生成代码或配置文件传递到 , 这使得难以回溯到原始的问题来源 。
the direct cause is the emerging atmbased bisdn and the advent of adsl , the shortened form of asymmetric digital subscriber loop .	直接原因是出现不对称数字订阅者循环的不对称数字订阅器的缩短形式 。
the conclusion is that assembling waterstoring cellar is technically viable , and should be popularized in watercollection and watersaving irrigation projects .	结论:组装水调节细胞是技术可行的 , 应该在水采集和节水灌溉工程中受欢迎的 。
it is important to point out , though , that schools of a certain type actively seek out waldorf graduates as potential students .	然而 , 学校的某种类型积极寻找沃尔多夫毕业生是非常重要的 。
senior officials from 21 countries are meeting in hawaii this week for the annual summit of the asia pacific economic cooperation forum apec .	本周 , 来自21个国家的高级官员在夏威夷举行会议 , 亚太太太平洋合作论坛年度峰会 。
it also discusses function of city circular road construction , the necessity of performing by stages and the station of viaduct in circular road .	文章还讨论了城市循环路建设的功能、阶段执行的必要性及环路路的站点 。
the multipurpose combined plough can combine the cultivation and loosening and implements the work of an empty entity coexistence cultivation method .	多用途组合开采可以结合栽培和松开 , 实现空实体共存培养方法的工作 。
sun erniangs is strongly commended by shi nai'an , revealing his advanced concepts of equality between men and women at that time .	太阳erniangs强烈推荐了shinaian , 揭示了他在男女和女性之间平等的先进概念 。
some instinct had startled them , and they turned their backs on the train and began to bounce away through the grass , their motion as graceful as any ballerina's .	有些本能开始了他们 , 他们把他们的背部转到火车上 , 开始从草地上跳过 , 他们的运动就像任何球员那样漂亮 。
pyridoxine : was found to be more effective than methylphenidate in treating a group of hyperactive children in a doubleblind , crossover study .	pyridoxine:在双盲、交叉研究中 , 发现比甲基苯胺更有效地治疗高活性儿童 。
advertising play a significant role in american business , furthermore , it exerts enormous effects on the nation's economy .	广告在美国商业中扮演着重要的作用 , 进一步 , 它对国家经济产生了巨大的影响 。
thank you for your collection and keeping the weidong xing works and this collection card , and your behavior of collecting will also be an important part of the works .	感谢您的收藏 , 保持我们的新兴作品和收藏卡 , 你的收藏行为也是作品的重要组成部分 。
participants who took a daily dose saw their average number of satisfying sexual experiences increase from 2 . 7 to 4 . 5 per month .	参与者每天每天都会看到他们平均的性经验从2.7到4.5个月增加 。
there is good oil and gas exploration potentiality in the low permeability chang 4+5 reservoir on yanchang formation in jiyuan area , ordos basin .	江源地区玉川地区低渗透性变化4+5储层油气勘探潜力良好 。
the research will look at whether taking garlic capsules can disrupt the communication system of the pathogen pseudomonas to prevent illness from taking hold .	研究将看看是否采取大蒜胶囊能否会破坏病原伪单体的通信系统 , 以防止疾病持续 。
because of the special geological features in sublayers reservoir , the general method of injecting chemical agent does not fit the development of sublayers .	由于亚层储层特殊的地质特点 , 注射化学代理的普遍方法并不适合亚层的发展 。
" i'm not saying that we looked dowdy , " mary says . " she said , 'you don't have to be dirty to be poor . ' i always remember that . "	玛丽说: " 我不说我们看起来很糟糕 , " 她说 , " 你不必要被害怕 。 " 我总是记得 。 "
it will be said that this revolution is likely to be betrayed or hijacked , that the hardliners and the theocrats are certain to prevail at the end of the day .	据说 , 这次革命可能会被背叛或被劫持 , 这种革命可能会在当天结束的时候 , 硬线和ocrat是一定的 。
while iq and personality test may not bear much direct relation to fechner's ideas , their spirit is the same: to measure , to quantify , to know the difference between .	尽管iq和个性测试可能不会对fechner的想法有很大的直接关系 , 但他们的精神是相同的:测量 , 量 , 去量量化 , 以了解其间的差异 。
but the sandbox has walls , as weibo for now does not play much with the outside world , and is subject to a rigorous monitoring and censorship regime .	但是 , 沙盒有墙壁 , 如今魏波并没有与外国玩得多 , 而且对一个严格的监控和审查政策有关 。
well , that's a pretty big megaphone . and you'd be hardpressed , if you watched the entire day , to find a positive story about me on that front .	好的 , 这是一个非常大的机器 , 如果你看到整个日子 , 那么你就会很难压抑 , 找到一个正面的故事 。
in 2008 , ceo braddock realized that one of the biggest obstacles to ordering groceries online is that consumers can't inspect and touch perishable food .	2008年 , ceobraddock意识到 , 对于在线订购杂货的最大障碍之一是消费者不能检查和触摸完美食品 。
per patient treated , there is considerable variation in budgets for firstline drugs , in total ntp budgets and in total costs for each year 2002–2005 .	每个患者治疗 , 第一线药物预算有相当的变化 , 总的ntp预算和总成本每年为2002-2005 。
also an improvement has been made by inventing a kind of composite press which possesses the advantages of both the friction press and the hydraulic press .	同时 , 通过发明一种复合压力 , 具有摩擦压力和液压压力的优点 。
it was considered a sign of progress that india’s parliament debated “population stabilization” this month after largely ignoring the issue for years .	这个月 , 印度议会的 " 人口稳定 " 的标志 , 大部分忽视这个问题后 , 印度议会的 " 人口稳定 " 已经被认为是进步的迹象 。
guanglei is studying the bachelor of visual media at griffith university campus and provides some fun and helpful insights in to his experience at griffith .	广利正在研究格里菲斯大学的视觉媒体 , 并为格里菲斯大学的经验提供了一些有益的观察 。
it's useless staring at scoreboard . as nearly all the people had left the stand , hank resentfully went out of the stadium and got to the car in the parking lot .	站在斯科尔董事会 , 几乎所有人都离开了站在站台上 , 哈克很不用 , 然后在车场里得到车辆 。
while the current numbers may suggest a step in that direction , analysts say they are not a definitive indicator of a turnaround in china's trade .	尽管目前的数字可能会建议一个步骤在这个方向上 , 但分析人士说 , 他们并不是中国贸易的一个定义指标 。
“this rubbish translation is edited at points , ” groused one post attached to the translation on sina . com , a popular web portal .	" 这个rubish翻译是在点上编辑的 , " 把一个邮件集合在新加州新加州的翻译中 , 一个流行的web门户 。
we analyses four main models of antimonopoly authority institution , and point that efficient power is very important to antimonopoly authority .	分析了反垄断权制度的四个主要模型 , 指出有效的权力对反垄断权威非常重要 。
the donor must receive proper medical followup but this is often lacking when he or she is seen as a means to making a profit , " added dr luc noel .	捐赠者必须接受适当的医疗追踪 , 但当他或她看到的时候 , 这经常缺乏作为一个手段 , " lucnoel博士补充道 。
and what " s more , the acreages of garden plot , agroland , residential and industrial land would gain its peak and then decrease to stable state . "	更多的是 , 花园图、农田、住宅和工业土地的增长将得到其峰值 , 然后降低稳定状态 。
at least 19 people died in a stampede at the love parade dance music festival in the western german city of duisburg on july 24 , the bbc reported .	据bbc报道 , 至少有19人死于7月24日在德国杜伊斯堡西部的爱旅游舞蹈音乐节 。
imagination can make us anything , and , even if a teiresias syndrome leads to no overt acts , literature can make us anything and put us anywhere .	想象能让我们任何东西 , 即使一位爱尔西亚综合征导致没有过度的行动 , 文学就能让我们任何东西 , 并且把我们放在任何地方 。
after finishing , he removed flag and cheerfully wiped his mouth with it . some of stilwell's chinese are as young as 14 , few are older than 25 .	完成后 , 他离开旗帜 , 很高兴地擦了嘴巴 。 有些圣诞老汉语像14岁 , 几乎比25岁 。
a city of westcentral peru on the pacific ocean near lima . founded in 1537 , it is peru's largest port . population , 264 , 133 .	1537年 , 位于利马附近的太平洋的一座城市 , 是秘鲁最大的港口 。 人口264 , 1333 。
noone made a fuss and i have found it hard to make the case that this archaeologically superrich city is much poorer without one old tumbledown mosque .	没有人做了一个融合 , 我发现很难让这个考古学上超级的城市变得更糟糕 , 没有一个老人模糊的摩西 。
you must have gone through a difficult time , trying to learn a foreign language and at the same time adapting to a totally different culture and environment .	你必须经历一个困难的时候 , 试图学习外语 , 同时适应完全不同的文化和环境 。
a man hunted for a fox and finally lost himself in the forest . he walked around anxiously . at dark he met an old lady with white hair .	一个男人为狐狸猎了 , 终于在森林里失去了自己 。 他焦虑地走过去 。 在黑暗的时候 , 他遇见了一位老太太白发 。
the atoll—a ringshaped island enclosing a central lagoon—is part of the tuamotu archipelago , the largest chain of atolls on earth .	环形的岛屿 , 围绕着中央的拉戈隆---------------------------------------------------------------------
pennaceous feathers cover the bodies of birds , and their tightly closed vanes create the aerodynamic surfaces of the wings and tail .	羽毛覆盖了鸟类的身体 , 它们紧密闭合的葡萄酒 , 创造了翅膀和尾巴的空气动力表面 。
it is often necessary to map one business object into another when coordinating between heterogeneous systems , or even as part of normal business logic .	当协调异构系统之间的协调时 , 通常需要映射一个业务对象 , 甚至是正常业务逻辑的一部分 。
but , sometimes , that fatigue stems from low iron stores , particularly prevalent among women in their 20s and 30s , who don’t eat much meat .	但是 , 有时候 , 这种疲劳来自低铁店 , 尤其是在20-30岁的女性中 , 尤其是在他们20岁和30岁的女性中 , 他们不吃很多肉 。
the results showed the design was reasonable and the motion was reliable . the property of chain which was assembly by those hardened chain pins achieved high level in the world .	结果表明 , 这种设计合理 , 运动可靠 , 这些链的性能由这些硬化连锁组成 , 实现了世界上高水平 。
in order to relieve the habitat pressure of coastal birds , it is necessary to build waterfowl ponds at the edge of the core zone .	为了缓解沿海鸟的栖息压力 , 需要在核心区边缘建造水流池 。
infoq: it seems that your wish regarding the video codecs is getting closer to happen as google announced they are dropping h . 264 .	infoq:看起来 , 您希望看到视频编码会更接近于google宣布他们正在下降h.264 。
madonna , cherie blair and the beckhams have all moved to silence nannies who threatened to lift the apron on their domestic lives .	马丹娜 , 切里·布莱尔和贝克汉姆都搬到了沉默的南尼斯 , 他们威胁着在家庭生活上升起来 。
equipped with a night vfr avionics suite from either dynon or garmin , getting out and back to your secret destination will also be much easier .	装备一夜vfrvfr航天器 , 设备来自夜晚的vfr航天器 , 可以很容易地回到您的秘密目的地 , 还会更容易 。
the bars and cafes that ring the plaza have filled it with tables . families stop here after their evening stroll , or paseo , for a glass of wine .	酒吧和咖啡馆用桌子填满了它 , 家庭在晚餐之后停在这里 , 或是帕塞索 , 为了一杯酒 。
according to chen xi , a senior consultant at zhaopin . com , companies discard staff who cannot generate profit in economic slumps .	根据陈西说 , 赵普林高级顾问陈西 , 公司不能在经济衰退中产生利润 。
“our offer does not require approval from the eu , ” said ruban yogarajah , a spokesman for bhp , the world’s biggest mining company .	世界最大的矿业公司的发言人rubanyogarjahhp说: " 我们不需要从欧盟获得批准 。 "
stockmarket indices , soaring house prices and low inflation surely did more to feed bankers’ and borrowers’ exaggerated sense of wellbeing .	股市指数、收入房价和通胀低 , 当然对银行家 " 和借贷者的幸福感有更多的影响 。
the practice indicated that conditional knowledge is the important foundation for career development of teacher , play an unreplaceable part in teacher's routine work .	实践表明 , 条件知识是教师职业发展的重要基础 , 在教师工作中扮演不可替代的一部分 。
as well as beating all other sportswomen , the 20yearold finished ahead of the likes of charlize theron , natalie portman and salma hayek .	还有打击其他体育运动员 , 20岁的学生在前面完成了这件事情 , 就像那样 , 纳塔利·波特曼和萨尔玛·海耶克一样 。
to ensure that we got meaningful results , we also verified that the grid index is actually exploited for this query as explained in a later section .	为了确保我们得到有意义的结果 , 我们还验证了网格指数实际上是在后一节中解释的 。
for instance , in the short term market peaked , many people point to petty profits , the stock has clearly powei would also like to defend or even to cover positions !	例如 , 在短期市场上涨 , 许多人指出宠物利润 , 股票的利润也很愿意防止或覆盖地位 !
investors seem to be somewhat undecided , with hisoft stock down 9 percent during regular monday trading but then rebounding 17 percent in after hours .	投资者似乎没有被认为 , 周一的交易期一 , 他的股票下跌了9% , 但后来在几个小时之后 , 股价下跌了17% 。
note that arthur is not going in to work at the crack of dawn , as he has a conversation in the burrow with amos diggory , who has already been at work for some time .	注意到 , 阿瑟不会在达文裂缝工作 , 因为他有一次与摩西糖尿病交谈 , 他已经在工作了一段时间了 。
typical office hierarchies don't apply: managers like farrar , who oversee teams of hundreds of artists on big films , are rootless .	典型的办公室层次并不适用于:像法拉尔这样的经理 , 他在大片上监视数百名艺术家的团队 , 是无根的 。
from now , only the intelsat did the 16qam experiments in space communication , and their 16qam is made by conventional method , and its data rate is not high .	从现在 , 只有intelat在空间通信中做了16qam实验 , 他们的16qam是由传统方法制成的 , 其数据速度不高 。
laparoscopic hernia repair is a technique to fix tears in the abdominal wall using small incisions , telescopes and a patch .	腹腔镜疝修复是用小切口、望远镜和皮片固定眼泪的一种技术 。
neither had married nor had any living heirs and my father once told me that it was because they were both too stingy to share their family wealth or pass iton .	我的父亲曾告诉我 , 这是因为他们都是太疯狂地分享他们的家庭财富或过去的 。
to the tune of an electric russian dance theme , players fit falling polyominoes into one another to clear the board and achieve the most points .	为了对俄罗斯舞蹈主题的调节 , 玩家将聚氨基聚氨基聚氨酯配合在另一方面来清理董事会 , 实现了最多的点 。
a cree exclamation of awe , “yoho” applies perfectly to the park’s big peaks , expansive glaciers , and impressive waterfalls .	一个哭泣的说法 , " 你 " 完全适用于公园的大峰、膨胀的冰川和印象深刻的瀑布 。
his expression_r was truly comical and at that moment i did not know whether he was a preposterous old man pulling my leg or whether he was really a simpleton .	他的表达是真正的非常热门的 , 在那时我不知道他是否是一个前世的老人拉腿 , 或者他是否真的是个简单的子 。
the design schemes , which are good or not , influence the investment and period of construction directly , and determine the service and economic results after completation of construction .	设计方案是良好的 , 直接影响建设的投资期 , 决定建设后的服务和经济效果 。
the invention involves fluorine plastic liner manufacturing and application technology , particularly a fluorine plastic lining composite product and its manufacturing method .	本发明涉及荧光塑料衬板制造和应用技术 , 尤其是一种氟塑料衬板复合产品及其制造方法 。
objective: to evaluate the effects of plateletderived growth factorbb on the attachment and proliferation of periodontal ligament cells on different root surfaces .	目的:评价血小板生长因子对不同根表面附着和增殖的影响 。
pyongyang , the capital of the revolution , was spruced up and the socialist fairyland was unfolded everywhere to change the looks of the country tremendously .	平永阳 , 革命的首都 , 被破坏了 , 社会主义公平主义公平园在任何地方都不会变化国家的观点 。
the clinkering process of the bariumcontaining sulphoaluminate cement clinker was studied by the means of high temperature microscope and xrd .	采用高温显微镜和xrd方法研究了含硫酸盐水泥克隆器的粘结过程 。
cisc processors generally feature variablelength instructions , multiple addressing formats , and contain only a small number of generalpurpose registers .	cisc处理器通常具有变长指令、多地址格式 , 并且只包含一个小量的通用注册器 。
to be honest , much of it had little to do with the content of the class , as we were taught the same things that any university of michigan thermo 1 student would learn .	诚实 , 大多数人都不会与课堂内容进行做 , 因为我们教授了米歇根热量1所大学的同样的东西 。
since china resumed the financial trust business in 1979 , the trust industry has experienced six major improvements and rectification .	自1979年以来 , 中国重新恢复了金融信任业务 , 信任产业已经历了六大改善和修改 。
objective:to observe the therapeutic efficacy of nebulized budesonide suspension plus albuterol and ipratropium bromide in childhood asthma .	目的:观察新型布德森德悬浮液治疗儿童哮喘的疗效 。
she added all bp errors identified by the southern utes and the federal government have been corrected and the majority of them had no impact on royalty payments .	她补充了南部utes的所有bp错误 , 联邦政府已被修正 , 大多数人对皇家支付没有影响 。
after fleeing the marriage that her father tried to arrange , she found happiness in the netherlands but lost a close friend who was murdered by a muslim zealot .	在逃离婚姻之后 , 她的父亲试图安排 , 她在荷兰找到幸福 , 但失去了一位由穆斯林·泽拉特谋杀的朋友 。
through them perfectly visible unique mechanism bugatti , built on the principle of a skyscraper , although stories in it are only five .	通过它们完美可见的机制布格拉蒂 , 建立在天空飞行员的原理上 , 尽管在这里只有五个故事 。
but the company generally doesn't give to charity ; it doesn't contribute to political campaigns ; it shouldn't be , ideally , doing any of those things .	不过 , 公司通常不给慈善 , 它并不贡献政治运动 ; 它不应该是理想的 , 做任何事情 。
grandma billye , who is now 96 years old , loaned him $100 to start his first business , a fireworks stand he established in the 8th grade .	现在96岁的祖母billye , 他贷款了100美元 , 一个消防员站在第8年级建立的火灾 。
shantou city , lake food machinery factory is a professional production of automatic diecutting machine , fengguan machine , polishing machine business .	山东市 , 湖泊食品机械厂是一家专业生产自动检测机、凤莞机械、抛光机械业务的专业生产 。
liverpool manager rafael benitez has praised captain steven gerrard for raising his game against the background of rumours of problems with his marriage .	利物浦经理rafaelbenitez赞成了史蒂文·杰拉德 , 为了提高他与他的婚姻问题的背景 。
the cui madam's viewpoint is quite comprehend , accurate still have some to resent curious li xing asks for for the sake of the peony so much bothersome .	崔马达姆的观点非常理解 , 精确 , 仍然有一些残酷的好奇的李兴请求为了让牡丹那么多的烦恼 。
this article introduces a design and practice of an enterprise distributing resource planning , illuminates the structure of the drp and implementing technology .	本文介绍了企业分布资源规划的设计和实践 , 阐述了解决了解决技术的结构和实现 。
renewed efforts are needed to increase support for the " three rurals " , namely the rural economy , rural development and rural demography (	需要增加 " 三农村 " 的支持 , 即农村经济、农村发展和农村民主 " 的支持 。
the effects of roundtrip optical length fluctuation , assumed to be an ergodic random process , on a fiberoptic ring resonator are analyzed in detail .	详细分析了圆纹光长波动的影响 , 假设是一个算法随机过程 , 分析了光环共振器对光纤环的影响 。
this article uses a combination of probabilistic and nonprobabilistic methods to describe the uncertain factors that influence structural reliability analysis .	本文利用概率性和非概率性方法来描述影响结构可靠性分析的不确定因素 。
use hoil , hydrogen blocking silicone oil , hexamethyldisiloxane , d4 to synthesized the needed hydrogen silicone oil .	采用hoil、氢阻塞硅油、六甲基硅烷、d4合成需要的氢硅油 。
objective to investigate the effects of total saponins of paeonia on trace elements and myocardial ultramicrostructure of dog with acute myocardial infarction .	目的探讨总皂苷对急性心肌梗死的痕量元素及心肌超微结构的影响 。
aim to study on the alterations of t suppressor cell function in patients with ulcerative colitis and crohn's disease and their clinical significance .	目的探讨t抑制剂细胞功能在溃疡性结肠炎患者和crohn患者的改变及临床意义 。
we which return to together care for a tube , vernal equinox elder sister at ordinary times speak nobody too challenge don't listen to .	我们在一起回到一起关心管道 , 垂直平衡的老妹在普通时候说话没有人太挑战不要听 。
it served in the western and eastern front notably in the battle of normandy , operation " market garden " in holland , and the offensive in ardennes .	它在西方和东方在荷兰战斗中通知 , 运营 " 市场园 " , 在荷兰 , 以及阿林纳的攻击 。
the fifth chapter discusses the related problems of the capital city system of liao dynasty , including the relation between zuzhou city and liao shangjing ;	第五章讨论辽朝资本城市体系的相关问题 , 包括周城与辽京之间的关系 ;
but president obama's budget director , peter orszag , says republicans are just wrong in their assertions about the president's tax proposals .	但奥巴马总统的预算主任彼得·奥斯扎格说 , 共和党人只是在他们对总统的税收提议上错误 。
force consequently requires solicitation from without: it works blindly: and on account of this defectiveness of form , the content is also limited and accidental .	因此 , 力量不需要解决:它忽略地工作:在表单缺陷的情况下 , 内容也是有限的和意外的 。
she maintains her fashionista reputation by wearing tshirts sporting the avatar from her favorite game and by carrying her personalized avatar coffee mug .	她通过穿着t恤衫运动她最喜欢的游戏 , 穿着自己的时尚主义者的名声 , 携带她个人化的vatatar咖啡 。
in a book titled mindset: the new psychology of success , stanford psychologist carol dweck gives a name to what i’ve just described .	在一本著名的书中 , 《成功的新心理学》中 , 斯坦福德心理学家卡罗·dweck给我所描述的是什么名字 。
they claim that in order to become any more intelligent the human brain would need vast amounts of extra energy and oxygen – and we simply cannot provide it .	他们声称 , 为了成为任何更聪明的人类大脑会需要大量额外的能量和氧量 , 我们只是不能提供它 。
washington jan 22 regulators seized five u . s . banks on friday , driving up the tally in what is expected to be a busy year for bank failures .	华盛顿1月22日电----------------------------------------------------------------------------
the international energy agency expects global oil demand to grow by just 400 , 000 barrels a day this year , to 86 . 5 million barrels a day .	国际能源机构今年预计 , 全球石油需求每天增长400万桶 , 至86500万桶 。
tv news brands are also heavily visited by nonprint newspaper readers , underscoring the importance of sight , sound and motion to the digital news experience .	电视新闻品牌也受到非印刷报纸读者的重视、声音和运动到数字消息经验 。
in morerecent public comments , mr . wen has pledged to maintain foreign business confidence in china and to meet more regularly with international executives .	在最近的公众评论中 , 温先生承诺在中国维护外商业信心 , 并且与国际执行官相遇更多 。
if the timer expires before data in the segment is acknowledged , tcp assumes that the segment has lost or being damaged , and a retransmission is sent .	如果时间器在分段的数据上出现 , tcp假设分段丢失或损伤 , 则发送回报 。
because it returns a result with nominal nanosecond resolution , it's natural to think that it has the same accuracy and precision limitations as system . nanotime .	因为它返回了纳米二分辨率的结果 , 自然认为它具有相同的精度和精度限制 。
as a result , threading a perfectly weighted through ball to your striker releases a feeling of achievement more potent than completing a quadratic equation .	因此 , 通过球向前锋发布了一个完美的粒度 , 比完成二次方程更多的成绩感觉 。
according to the company , it further expanded its production capacity and its combined annual production capacity reached 5 . 57 million tons in december 2008 .	根据该公司的研究 , 进一步扩大了其生产能力 , 其年度生产能力达到2008年12月5.57亿吨 。
the simulation indicates that the instrument greatly enhances the measurement accuracy for parameters of l , c and r , and gets better measuring effects .	仿真表明 , 该仪器大大大提高了l、c和r参数的测量精度 , 并得到了较好的测量效果 。
to help the children enter society headon with a positive attitude , everybody is encouraged to help in social building activities within our own campus .	为了帮助孩子进入社会总部 , 每个人都鼓励帮助我们自己的校园内的社会建设活动 。
the researchers also demonstrated they could split apart an entire community of cultured intestinal microbes and create a " personalized " library of bacterial species .	研究人员还证明 , 他们可以分离整个文化肠微生物群落 , 并创建一个 " 个性化 " 的细菌种类图书馆 。
during rehabilitation a locked plate fixation construct still has to be protected from full weight bearing until signs of union are visible on the radiograph .	在康复过程中 , 锁定板固定构造仍然必须从全重轴承保护直到联合国签名是可见的 。
blues also have fitness concerns over michael ballack , but essien moved to ease mourinho's problems by turning out for his country on tuesday .	蓝军还对迈克尔·巴拉克有很好的关心 , 但是西森在周二出现了穆里尼奥的问题 。
the attorney for the appealing party and the attorney for the party who won in the lower court file briefs , or written arguments , with the court of appeals .	法院文件简单中获得的党和律师的审判 , 或者写论文 , 遵守诉讼法院的审判 。
the inability to demonstrate improvements whether or not they occur will undermine client motivation across the board and deny feedback for meaningfully evolving the process .	无论是否会破坏客户端动机 , 还是否会有意义地进化过程 , 还是不会影响客户端动机 。
the researchers found that handling physical money makes a person less sensitive to physical pain and reduces the distress of being excluded in social situations .	研究人员发现 , 处理物理资金对身体疼痛造成了较少的敏感性 , 减少了社会情况下被排除的压力 。
by setting chills on the defect locations to isolate the molten iron in those areas from contact with the resin sand , the defects were successfully avoided .	通过设置缺陷位置来分离与树脂砂联系的摩尔顿铁 , 成功避免了缺陷 。
she created a team culture and work atmosphere in compliance with the reality of zte's handsets , unity , contribution , hard work , smiling services and customer caring .	她创造了一个团队文化和工作氛围 , 符合zte的手机、团结、贡献、努力工作、微笑服务和客户关怀的现实 。
" we don't think things have changed from last week to this week , " schuchat stressed , explaining the importance of looking beyond those lab counts .	" 我们不认为上周不会改变 , " 舒舒舒切特强调 , 解释了那些实验室的重要性 。
now that youth has ebbed and i am stranded on the bank , i can hear the deep music of all things , and the sky opens to me its heart of stars .	现在 , 青少年已经睡觉了 , 我在银行上坚定 , 我可以听到所有东西深刻的音乐 , 天空打开了我它的星星的心 。
it was a battle of attrition for saina against an opponent to whom she had lost four times and won just once — that too way back in 2010 — previously .	这是一场关于圣娜的战斗 , 反对者 , 她失去了四次 , 赢得了一次 , 只是在2010年那么回来了 。
“i’d been wanting to have a child for a really long time , but i wasn’t trying , just put it like that , ” madonna says . “it was one of those weird surprises .	马丹娜说: " 我一直想有一个孩子很长的时间 , 但我不想尝试 , 只是把它放在那里 , " 这是那些奇怪的奇怪之一 。 "
through the multilevel organic matrix mesh in the bone particles , it indicates that the mineral phase is related to the organic matrix in corallium elatius .	通过骨颗粒中的多层有机矩阵网格 , 表明矿相与有机基质相关 。
results 32 patients have false positive results , including 11 with autonomic imbalance , 9 with hypertension , 6 with diabetes and 6 with other disease .	结果32例高血压、6例糖尿病、6例糖尿病、6例 , 其中11例自治不平衡、9例高血压、高血压、6例 。
another tale , never proven , was that papanoida's interest in eekway was strictly familial , and that the senator had blood ties to the enigmatic baron .	另外一个故事从来没有证明 , 巴比尼达对英国的兴趣严格是家庭的 , 参议员对此有血腥关系 。
according to the improvement results , then some feasible ways for ineffective dmus are put forth , which provides a reference base of making decision and scientific management .	根据改进结果 , 提出了有效dmus的有效途径 , 为制定决策和科学管理提供了参考依据 。
the same effect happened with google maps . when the company trimmed the 120kb page size down by about 30 percent , the company started getting about 30 percent more map requests .	同样的效果与谷歌地图发生相同 。 当公司试图将120kb页面大小减少到30%左右时 , 该公司开始了大约30%的地图请求 。
later , zhen yini also persuaded the guardian , to get girls , with sincerity and sincerity to impress her , and not to fiddle with the application of non .	后来 , 郑毅也说服了卫报 , 要得到女孩 , 诚信和诚信印象她 , 并且不要与非使用的应用联系起来 。
this method even allows you to modify the authentication rules on the fly , because all pamaware programs start applying the new rules without the need for any changes in their code .	这个方法甚至允许您在飞行上修改身份验证规则 , 因为所有pamaware程序都开始应用新的规则 , 不需要在它们的代码中任何变更 。
but i sat silent in my hill , the barbarians still came in their thousands , and there were few who dared to wield excalibur , knowing that they would surely die .	但我坐在我的山里 , 巴巴巴尔比亚人仍然在他们的数千人中 , 还有几个人敢敢敢于杀人 , 知道他们肯定会死去 。
so threequarterlength sleeves in tops and cardigans are a wonderful way to conceal the fuller upper arm and upper body , but also bare some skin at same time .	因此 , 三季长袖在顶部和心脏器上部是一种很好的方法 , 隐藏上臂和上部体 , 同时还没有一些皮肤 。
after the introduction of some related concepts , the application of workflow technology in integrated business support system of guangdong telecom was focused on .	在介绍一些相关概念之后 , 重点讨论了广东电信工作流技术集成业务支持系统的应用 。
although tom was aware that it would be to display annoyance publicly at the sales conference , he could not his irritation with the client's unreasonable demands .	尽管汤姆意识到 , 尽管在销售会议公开展示注意力 , 但他不能与客户的不合理的需求展示注意力 。
this was an excellent opportunity for the opposition papers , which immediately attacked the governor for what they called his illegal interference and his brutality .	这是反对论文的一个非常好的机会 , 立即攻击了他们所谓的非法干扰和他的暴力 。
looking for transiting extrasolar planets is analogous to pallé and colleagues' technique — using the moon as a mirror to watch earth transit the sun .	寻找过渡太阳的星球与同事的技术相似 , 用月球作为镜像看地球转移太阳的镜子 。
the flames filled this building ; it was a perfect furnace ; the door was burned , the floor was burned , the wooden christ was not burned .	火焰填满了这个建筑 , 它是一个完美的炉子 ; 门烧了 , 地板燃烧了 , 木质基督不燃烧 。
individual members of fecdb frequently answer this call to arms and participate in statewide petition drives to put various propositions on the ballot .	女性db的个人成员通常回答这个调用来武装 , 参与国有的注意驱动程序 , 以使各种提议放在球场上 。
more importantly , how can you accurately assess you are iterating down the right path for your product and company success , and not simply digging further in a rat hole ?	更重要的是 , 如何准确地评估您正在为您的产品和公司成功的正确路径 , 而不仅仅仅是在大鼠洞里挖掘进一步的进一步 ?
public speaking has fringe benefits too . it is a confidence booster and empowers the speaker if he successfully gets his audience agree with him .	公众演讲也有利于 , 如果他成功地和观众同意的话 , 那么它也是一个自信的提升者 , 如果他成功地获得了他的观众 。
nowhere is this more relevant than in the fastmoving world of it , where your work speaks for itself and ivy league letters after your name are no match for your hacking abilities .	现在 , 这比在快速的世界里更有关 , 在那里你的工作讲话 , 你的名字并不匹配你的黑客能力 。
that said , there is a lot of story that is still being explored and left to explore . to diminish that story to only being about arthas and the lich king is a bit shortsighted .	那么说 , 还有很多故事 , 仍然在探索并离开探索 。 要消除这个故事只是关于阿瑟斯和利奇王的故事是一个很短的观察 。
socialist market economic system has been gradually set up , the higher education system is under reform , knowledgebased economic age is coming , and education service is open...	社会主义市场经济体制逐步建立 , 高等教育体制在改革下 , 知识经济时代正在未来 , 教育服务开放 。
indeed , the threats that the lnc is already issuing should give the international community doubts about its readiness to lead in democratic government .	事实上 , lnc已经发表的威胁应该给国际社会怀疑其在民主政府领导的准备性 。
nowadays , the policy of mandate construction supervision has been widely accepted by the society following the obvious achievements it made in the past years .	目前 , 在过去几年来 , 人工建设监督政策已广泛受到社会的接受 。
most mainlanders who suffer from depression do not get proper treatment due to a lack of psychiatrists and public prejudice , mental health professionals said .	心理健康专业人士说 , 大多数受到抑郁症患者都不适当治疗 , 因为缺乏心理医师和公共预见 , 心理健康专业人员不会得到适当的治疗 。
the interactive multimodels method was also discussed , which is implemented of the uniform and " currently " accelerated motion model for the maneuvering target modeling .	同时讨论了交互式多模块方法 , 实现了统一和 " 目前 " 加速运动模型为目标建模 。
method: the teaching of moist burn medicine includes medical knowledge , diagnosis , medical skills , review course and assessment and test .	方法:本课程教学包括医学知识、诊断、医学技巧、评价课程和评价 。
it has been a growing concern in the printing industry that if can we use densitometry to measure and control spot color ink or not when considering printing process control .	印刷行业的日益关注 , 如果我们可以使用密度计量和控制点色墨 , 就会考虑印刷过程控制 。
in the yangcheng sanbao 500kv ehv transmission lines , a fixed series capacitorwas used to increase the power energy transmitted through the lines .	在阳城三宝500kv传输线中 , 使用固定的系列电容 , 提高了通过线路传输的能量 。
the lusitania and the titanic are often thought of as sister vessels ; they in fact belonged to two separate owners , but the error is understandable .	卢西坦人和泰坦尼人经常被认为是姐妹船 ; 他们实际上属于两个独立的所有者 , 但错误是可理解的 。
but the current h1n1 pandemic flu has really made this very evident so far , people have passed the flu virus on to pigs , turkeys and ferrets .	但是目前的h1n1流感真的很明显 , 人们已经通过流感病毒传播到猪、土耳其和铁 。
the anglers fishing with myself were competing with glanville's anglers for the most fish in a day record , trying to beat the 28 fish from the previous day .	与自己一起钓鱼的愤怒者正在与格兰维尔的愤怒者在一天的记录中竞争 , 试图从前一天开始击败28只鱼 。
bill gates sr . , 83 years old , is now cochair of his son's $30 billion philanthropy , the bill &melinda gates foundation .	比尔盖茨sr , 83岁 , 现在 , 他的儿子的30亿美元的菲律宾人 , 比尔&melinda盖茨基金会的教练 。
and it's not just developers . as the blurb to tim o'reilly's opening remarks suggests , tim mentions the importance of users to open source .	而且不仅是开发人员 , 正如burb对timo'reilly的开放标志所说的那样 , tim提到用户开源的重要性 。
beijing still grieving the deaths of tens of thousands , china has sketched the first blueprints for rebuilding after last week's earthquake .	上周地震发生后 , 北京仍在抓住数千人死亡 , 中国已经在上周的第一个蓝色印刷重建 。
in this paper , a new method combining target transformation factor analysis and spectral library searching was developed for qualitative analysis of mixture from ir da ta .	本文提出了一种新型的目标变换因子分析和光谱图书馆搜索方法 , 利用irdata混合物的定性分析方法 。
the reason is that a knowledge base with sound structure and complete content directly influences the inference speed and the validity of result in expert systems .	理由是 , 利用声结构和完整内容直接影响了推理速度和专家系统的有效性 。
the experimental results showed that the liquefaction extent enhanced with the increase of liquefaction temperature , catalyst dosage , and liquidsolid ratio .	实验结果表明 , 随着液化温度的提高 , 催化剂量的提高 , 催化剂量和液溶剂量的提高而增加 。
at first , research the nature of the ice in the songhua river water system , the resistance performance of the icebreaker , and then , study the propulsion performance of icebreaker .	首先 , 研究了宋华河水系统中冰的性质 , 耐冰性能 , 然后研究冰破裂器的推进性能 。
strapped city , state , and federal technology departments have been some of the organizations most enchanted by the quick turnarounds the cloud promises .	紧张的城市、州和联邦技术部一直是由云的快速转移所引起的一些组织 。
it was the kind of card that comes in an inexpensive assortment box sold by a child going doortodoor to try to earn money for a school project .	这是一个不昂贵的假设箱 , 由一个孩子去门口卖出的房子 , 试图为学校项目赚钱 。
much less whey drains out of yogurt made from certain strains of lactic acid bacteria that can convert sugars into long starchlike molecules .	从某些乳酸细菌中制成的酸奶 , 很多小的是否能将糖转化成长星状分子 。
during the planned economy period , a set of production areas and residential units as a whole community , which is built to meet the need of country construction .	在计划经济时期 , 一组生产区域和住宅单位作为一体的整个社区 , 建立了满足农村建设的需要 。
the american plan also meets stern's other prescriptions for an effective green stimulus a concentration on building efficiency and renewable energy .	美国计划还符合斯特恩的其他配方 , 为有效的绿色刺激了建筑效率和可再生能量的浓度 。
in japan , lu hsun is the most notable chinese writer whose work 'hometown' is referred to as the required textbook among the japanese students .	在日本 , 鲁迅是最著名的中国作家 , 他在日本学生中所需的文本本本 , 被称为 " 霍梅敦 " 。
it simply discusses the features of agile methodology , and compares it with traditionary software developing methods , introduces a few agile methodologies mo .	简要讨论了敏捷方法学的特点 , 并与传统软件开发方法相比 , 介绍了几种敏捷的方法mo 。
the hardening treatment , relief of symptoms in patients with the recent rate of 100% , cysts significantly reduced or disappeared .	最近100%的患者中症状的收缩治疗 , 囊肿显著降低或消失 。
the operation of system is simple , quick and stabilization , and its maintenance is convenient , interface is friendly , it is helpful for its popularizations and applications .	系统操作简单、快速稳定 , 维护方便 , 接口友好 , 适用于其流行化和应用 。
" u . s . academics and intelligence analysts have consistently underestimated the rate of chinese progress both economically and technologically , " he said .	他说: " 美国学术和智能分析师一致认为 , 中国进步的速度都是经济和技术的 。 "
alpha thalassaemia , an inherited condition , is common in many areas of the world where malaria is endemic , particularly africa and southeast asia .	阿尔法亚thalassaemia是一个遗传的条件 , 是世界上许多地区 , 马来拉里亚是内在的 , 尤其是非洲和东南亚的地区 。
objective to introduce the classification about ct signs of primary brainstem injury and investigate it's value in the diagnosis and prognosis .	目的介绍主要脑系统损伤ct标志的分类 , 探讨其在诊断和预后中的价值 。
simulation and experiment on the piezoceramic actuator show that the proposed model to describe the behavior of piezoceramic actuator is effective .	仿真和实验结果表明 , 所提出的模拟模型是有效的 。
austenite phase is dominant in gtaw joint microstructure and the lowtemperature impact toughness of gtaw joint is better than that of smaw joint .	奥氏体相位在gtaw联合微观结构中占主导地位 , gtaw联合的低温冲击强度比智能关节更好 。
don't center your life around children and grandchildren . do look for your own social circles . this way , you won't be disappointed with too many expectations .	不要在孩子和孙子周围中心 , 去寻找自己的社会圈子 。 这样 , 你就不会失望太多的预期 。
the amount of the portion of the effective hedging shall be confirmed in accordance with the absolute amounts of the following items whichever is lower .	按照下列项目的绝对数量 , 应当按照下列项目的绝对数量确定有效的对冲量 。
the government information resources access and publicity is an important measure to build and strengthen the egovernment and serviceoriented government .	政府信息资源访问和公众是建设和加强埃及政府和服务面向服务的重要措施 。
the cloths of service, to do service in the holy place, the holy garments for aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office .	服务的衣服 , 要在圣地做服务 , 为亚伦祭司的圣服 , 以及他的儿子的服装 , 到祭司的办公室 。
the influence factors on surface curing time of silicone rubber release agent vulcanized at room temperature were analyzed by experiments .	通过实验分析了硅橡胶在室温下的表面处理时间的影响因素 。
methods: data about biological feedback therapy and nursing care in 30 cases with pelvic floor functional constipation were reviewed and analyzed .	方法:对30例盆腔地板功能适应的生物反馈治疗和护理护理资料进行综述和分析 。
according to the law of attraction , a powerful intent made up of clear , pure and focused thoughts will start to attract the very essence of your desires .	根据吸引规律 , 由于清晰、纯洁、集中思想构成的强大内容将开始吸引你的欲望的非常精髓 。
to reconstruct the 3dimensioanal image of heart and the region of myocardial ischemia from 2dimensioanal tomogram of electron beam ct .	为了重建心脏的3维动脉图像和心肌缺血区域 , 从二维电子束ct的二维动脉图像 。
tone down the loop count on the previous example , add set x to the beginning of the script as well as a comment , and execute it , as shown in listing 12 .	在前面的示例中 , 将x添加到脚本的开始和评论 , 并执行它 , 如清单12所示 。
this study was undertaken to use a foodfrequency instrument for dietary caffeine consumption to evaluate the relationship between caffeine intake and liver fibrosis .	本研究以饮食咖啡因消费的食品频率仪器为研究咖啡因摄入与肝纤维化之间的关系 。
application integration brings together multiple applications and information sources without the user directly invoking them ; it focuses on the relationship between applications and data .	应用集成带来了多个应用程序和信息源 , 无需直接调用它们 , 关注应用程序和数据之间的关系 。
and the countries seen as most vulnerable to climate change are all poor: they include somalia , burundi , niger , eritrea , afghanistan and chad .	与气候变化相比 , 国家认为气候变化都是不利的:它们包括索马里 , 布里迪 , 尼日 , 塞雷达 , 阿富汗 , 阿富汗和查德 。
global banking profits are now approaching their 2007 precrisis peak , but the divergence between growing and stagnant markets is becoming increasingly stark .	全球银行利润现在正在达到2007年的前提峰值 , 但增长和稳定市场的差异越来越大 。
in addition , fda can initiate a mandatory recall if the agency determines that an adulterated or misbranded infant formula presents a risk to human health .	此外 , fda还可以启动一个管理回忆 , 如果机构决定一个被调节或错误的婴儿公式给人类健康带来了风险 。
danton was a headstrong firebrand , a swashbuckling political showman with a prodigious memory , whose spectacular oratory held audiences in thrall .	丹丹顿是一位强烈的消防品牌 , 是一位拥有巨大的记忆的快速冲击的政治展示员 , 他的光彩的气象在拉拉尔举行了观众 。
international popular style interface , many commercial software are used , is the beginning of an incredible 14 years since a young foreign hands .	国际流行的风格界面 , 许多商业软件都使用 , 是从一个年轻的外国手中开始的14年 。
the parenteral hyperalimentation therapy is a safe and effective method for severe ulcerative colitis patients , and it can improve the histology of patients .	父母超析治疗是严重溃疡性结肠炎患者安全有效的方法 , 可以提高患者的组织学意义 。
the line's clean forms are associated with high quality technical solutions for water control , from taps to mixers , from diverters to shower heads and spouts .	线的清洁形式与水控制的高质量技术解决方案有关 , 从尖端到混合器 , 从转换器到淋浴头和发音机 。
the data structure in jpeg2000 compressed domain is firstly analyzed . the concept of information tree and a novel treedistance measurement are then proposed .	首先分析了jpeg2000压缩域的数据结构 , 提出了信息树的概念 , 并提出了一种新的电阻测量方法 。
although pain , i would effort perfect my life , will not be ungrateful to you of love , will not be ungrateful to you with i play 10 year play hideandseek of with patience .	尽管疼痛 , 我会努力完善我的生活 , 不会对你们的爱情感到不满意 , 不会对你们不会感到不满意 , 我会与你们玩10年的游戏 。
chateau la ragotiereshining pearl of the french garden , running by wellknown aristocracy generations of the three brothers goile at nantes .	查塔乌拉·拉谈判法国花园的珍珠 , 由著名的阿里斯托拉·拉·拉戈尔在南极的三个兄弟戈尔运行 。
how to construct implementation and management system of course design is the premise and ensurance of carrying out course design systematically and training comprehensive applicative talents .	如何构建课程设计的实施和管理体系 , 是系统地实施课程设计和培训综合适用人才的前提和保障 。
albanese will now lead a charm offensive to try to win round individual institutions and secure the simple majority necessary to approve the deal .	阿尔巴恩现在将领导一个充满魅力的攻击 , 试图赢得个人机构 , 保证大多数简单的大多数需要批准这项协议 。
in a speech at a police college , zuma conceded that south africa had one of the highest murder rates in the world , with 18 , 000 killings last year .	在一所警察学院的演讲中 , zuma承认 , 南非最高的谋杀率之一 , 去年的18 , 000人死亡率之一 。
thailand's police found over 920 , 000 amphetamine tablets on board the boats , plying between china's yunnan province and the thai port .	泰国警方在泰国云南省和泰国港之间发现了超过920 , 000多个氨基胺片 。
sending troops to central africa to meddle in an utterly murky conflict is a symptom that the interventionist addiction is growing worse .	将军队送到非洲中部 , 到非洲中部 , 直到默基冲突是一个症状 , 干预者添加量越来越糟糕 。
the testing results proved that the qh4 saving energy coasting device has a remarkable fuel—saving effect to any model of motor vehicles and at any road condition .	试验结果证明 , qh4节省能源海岸设备具有显著的燃料 , 节约了任何汽车车辆和道路条件下的任何模型 。
that approach to the clivus is slightly oblique , but can provide as wide an exposure as is achieved with the approaches involving a bilateral maxillotomy .	对于clivus来说 , 这种方法略微不明显 , 但是可以提供广泛的曝光 , 如同涉及双边矩形的方法达到了一样的方法 。
the three realized that man was the key to victory in the war against heaven , and thus altered their rigid agendum that they had propagated since the beginning .	三人意识到 , 人类是对天战胜的关键 , 因此 , 改变了他们刚性的年龄 , 自从开始开始以来 , 他们已经传播了 。
cubic's simulation systems division , based in orlando , produces and manufactures est 2000 , including its realistic and robust simulated weapons .	基于奥兰多的模拟系统 , 制造和制造了2000年 , 其中包括它的现实和鲁棒的模拟武器 。
the basic thought of floor arrangement , influencing factors and basic arrangement method are proposed to bring regulation for floor structure arrangement .	提出了地面安排、影响因素和基本安排方法的基本思路 , 为地面结构安排提供了调节 。
the scale of the economic crisis is far larger and many more americans recognise that rootandbranch reforms rather than temporary repairs are required .	经济危机的规模远远大 , 许多美国人认识到根品牌改革并非临时修复 。
the government will not only make the " pie " of social wealth bigger by developing the economy , but also distribute it on the basis of a rational income distribution system .	政府不仅将 " 社会财富 " 通过开发经济 , 而且在合理收入分配制度的基础上 , 政府不仅会使 " 社会财富 " 变得更大 。
the refreshing time of asparagus reached 1824 days after treatment of two pressurization at the pressure of 250mpa with the operation time of 15min .	在治疗250分钟的压力下 , 阿帕格鲁斯的新鲜时间达到1824天 , 治疗压力为250分钟 , 操作时间为15分钟 。
it's a solid little slab with a similarlooking plastic front and rubberized texture as the $79 nontouch model , but with fewer buttons .	这是一个相似的塑料前面和橡胶的小板 , 作为79美元的非触摸模式 , 但很少按钮 。
because our team needed users to connect to a database and set up multiple jboss containers , we used panels to prompt users for sitespecific information .	因为我们的团队需要用户连接数据库并建立多个jbos容器 , 我们使用板来提高网站特定信息的用户 。
“on first glance , these interactions of light and particles looks like magic , ” she says . “these polar molecules are the pinnacle of quantum optics . ”	她说: " 在第一眼 , 这些光和粒子的相互作用就像魔法一样 , 极性分子是量子光学的顶峰 。 "
this wicked king , claudius , was going to capitalize on the grief and anger of laertes for the death of his father and sister to destroy hamlet .	这个恶魔的王克劳迪斯 , 正在为了他父亲和妹妹死亡 , 为了摧毁汉姆勒特的悲伤和愤怒 。
conclusion we could found the circumferential margin infiltration by observing pathologic large slice objectively and exactly . it should be a routine examination after operation .	结论通过观察病理大片和精确的观察 , 可以发现循环边缘渗透 , 应该是手术后常规检查 。
there were no casualties on the ground , a salt marsh , when the exploded remnants of the jet fell some distance away from the neifu airport in puchengcounty .	地面上没有伤害 , 盐马什 , 当喷气中爆炸的遗传物从普城县尼佛机场下降了一些距离 。
china has gone through similar experience of the ldcs in fighting poverty and pursuing development , and we fully appreciate the hardship and difficulties they face .	中国经历了相似的战争贫困和追求发展经验 , 我们充分欣赏他们面临的艰难和困难 。
the format of the data to be exchanged between client and service is defined in terms of the xml the xml schema for the online coffee service is shown in listing 1 .	将数据交换为客户端和服务之间的格式定义为xml的xml模式 , 显示在线咖啡服务中的xml模式 。
second question , it is reported that some us media accused chinese hackers of hacking into pentagon's network and compromising information about us fighter jets .	第二个问题 , 据报道 , 一些美国媒体指责中国黑客进入五角洲的网络 , 并对我们战斗机飞机的信息作了妥协 。
the average south african , for example , definitely shouldn tbe paleskinned only 9 . 2 per cent of the population define themselves as white .	例如 , 南非人口的平均水平只有9.2%的人定义为白色 。
except for sea buckthorn fruit is rich in protein , fat and carbohydrates , there are a variety of essential vitamins and minerals .	除了水果含有丰富的蛋白质、脂肪和碳水化合物 , 还有各种基本的维生素和矿物 。
employee job satisfaction can be explained respectively the company turnover intention , job performance with the variability of 49 . 38% , 58 . 46% .	员工满意度分别可以分别解出公司转变注意力 , 工作绩效与49.38%的变异性 , 58.46% 。
owen paid tribute to a performance in which the youngster scored , hit the post and forced an outstanding save from roberto abbondanzieri with an audacious lob .	欧文支付了一项表现 , 年轻的球员在这次职位 , 并且强迫了从罗伯托阿伯特abbondanzanzieri获得了一个优秀的救助 。
civilianized journalism appeared in the early 20th century and grew in the 1920's . the impulse is the changes on the systems of politics and economy .	1920世纪初 , 民间化的记者主义出现在20世纪初 , 发展在20世纪20年代 , 是政治和经济体制的变化 。
methods by means of bicolour fluorescence and flow cytometry analysis , the results were compared during different layout time , hemolysis time and washing time .	方法采用双色荧光和流式细胞分析方法 , 比较不同布置时间、血解时间、洗涤时间和洗涤时间 。
fate has conspired to rob us of two world class goalkeepers , our inspirational leader jt , inform winger arjen robben and influential midfielder joe cole .	命运由两个世界级进球员组成 , 我们的灵感领导人jtt , 信息翅膀roben和影响中场乔·科尔 。
it is widely used in car audio and video , tac machine , intelligent meter , solar power , electric car , electric power tool and military applications etc .	广泛应用于汽车音频、视频、任务机、智能计、太阳能电力、电力工具、军事应用等 。
jamie wilson , of simplyhealth , said: " committing just half an hour a month to helping someone else can make a real difference to your life as well as theirs。	贾米·威尔森说: " 每个月只有半个小时才能帮助别人帮助自己的生活和他们的生活 。 "
given our duty to safeguard public health , the tendency of officials facing such a situation is nearly always to err on the side of caution .	鉴于我们对公共卫生的责任 , 面对这种情况的倾向官员几乎总是在注意力方面错误 。
china has worked for more agreement among the emerging markets and developing countries on the reforms to increase the representation for developing countries in the ifi's .	中国在新兴市场和发展中国家的改革中 , 为了提高发展中国家的表现 。
发言的参议员有萨姆 . 纳恩、约翰 . 格伦、恰克 . 罗伯、乔 . 利伯曼、约翰 . 布鲁、杰伊 . 洛克菲勒和艾尔 . 戈尔。	是.........---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
that could be because doctors are more nervous about the effects if flu on pregnant women and are more likely to admit them , but the death rate among pregnant women is high .	这可能是因为医生对妊娠妇女流感的影响更紧张 , 但孕妇死亡率较高 。
funny once , my friend . ) some jokes count on jadedness in order to be funny , just as many arty films only appeal to a jaded audience .	很有趣的是 , 我的朋友 。 '一些玩笑在jadedity上 , 为了有趣 , 就像许多动作电影一样 , 就像很多人只是对一个玉米观众的呼吁 。
more resistance was encountered when we sought to install the 6th warden first as professor of physics at stockholm university , then as rector .	当我们想要安装第6届物理学教授时 , 我们会遇到更多的抵抗性 。
i know that its best to be safe verses sorry , but i don't think that there has been one single case in history , where a bomb threat was called in and a bomb went off .	我知道 , 最好是安全的版本很抱歉 , 但是我不认为历史上有一个单个案例 , 在那里 , 炸弹威胁被称为进入和炸弹爆炸 。
this could mean different things for different members of the spy ring , says mikhail lyubimov , a retired colonel of the kgb and a renowned cold war spy .	这可能意味着不同的事情 , 间谍环的成员mikhaillyubimov说 , kgb的退休殖民地和著名的冷战空间 。
they also found almost no difference between methods in male and female workers , suggesting that careerdriven women were just as “competitive” during salary negotiations .	他们还发现 , 在男性和女性工人中几乎没有差异 , 建议在薪水谈判中 , 职业驱动妇女就像 " 竞争力 " 。
ita software definitely has “the right connections in north america , ” daniello says , while “we [amadeus] have ours in europe and asia . ”	它的软件确实有 " 北美的正确连接 " , 丹尼罗说 , " 我们在欧洲和亚洲都有我们的 " 。
natural calamities , such as floods , tropical cyclones , tornadoes and tidal bores occur here almost every year — with tragic results .	自然灾难 , 如洪水、热带周期、火炬和潮水瓶等 , 这几乎每年发生在这里几乎每年都有悲剧的结果 。
soap <> cobol nonxml transformations can be developed with ibm websphere transformation extender to perform the message mapping within the gateway’s processing policy .	soap<>cobol非xml转换可以与ibmwebsphere转换扩展器开发 , 以便在getway处理策略内执行消息映射 。
these morphological changes were few in the group 2 . conclusion: hbo combined with nimodipine and music had great restorative effect on hyperirritability icvd .	结论:hbo与nimodipine相结合的形态学变化对高可旋转性icvd具有较大的恢复作用 。
combined with the practical exploration approaching , the stability of surrounding rock is computed using the earthquake wave achieved prom he cite .	结合实际勘探方法 , 利用地震波实现了他引用的地震实现的地震波稳定性计算了周围岩石的稳定性 。
while there are many practical and political difficulties of afforestation of regions this large , the benefits could be enormous and go well beyond carbon sequestration .	虽然该地区的森林建设中存在很多实用性和政治困难 , 但利益可能是巨大的 , 超过碳序列 。
for example , some new: the introduction of modern " science " and " democracy " etc , the meaning from the traditional chinese , is completely different words .	例如 , 一些新的说法:现代 " 科学 " 和 " 民主 " 等 , 从传统汉语的意义完全不同 。
drive gear , made use of alloy steel forging , lubricating oil pump spray , extend gear life and ensure longterm printing chromatic precision .	驱动齿轮 , 采用合金钢锻造、润滑油泵喷雾、延伸齿轮寿命 , 保证长期印刷染色彩精度 。
the famous picture of " riverside scene at qingming festival " will also make its appearance in the china pavilion to illustrate the charms of ancient chinese cities .	青明节 " 河景 " 的著名图片也将在中国馆展现出中国古城的魅力 。
in the enjoying , the conquest of this knowledge is renewed every time it is exercised , the power it yields always being directed toward its jouissance .	在享受的时候 , 这个知识的后果每次被锻炼 , 它的权力总是会直接向其执行 。
it is unchristian to believe that an end can justify the means . even the kingdom of god is not a good enough end to justify any means that causes harm to people .	基督徒相信 , 终结可以理解上帝的意思 , 即使上帝的王国是不够好的结束 , 也不能理解任何可能导致人受伤的手段 。
a study is carried out on a hypersonic inlet with rectangulartocircular shape transition and forebody using numerical simulation and high enthalpy wind tunnel test .	采用数值模拟和高能耗风隧道试验 , 研究了矩形圆形转移和前身高音速进口的高音速进口 。
result both mutanolysin and lysozyme could successfully lyse the wall of bifidobacterium and extract the plasmid from bifidobacterium .	结果溶解酶和溶解酶均能成功地解决双歧杆菌的墙壁 , 并从双歧杆菌中提取出血浆 。
aim: to study the efficacy and safety of entacapone as an adjunct to levodopa treatment in parkinsonian patients with wearingoff motor fluctuations .	目的:探讨乙酮的有效性和安全性 , 作为腹腔镜治疗帕金森森病人磨损电动脉波动的适应性 。
the idea is proposed that the flow characteristic of electronic expansion valve should adapt to superheat gain to refrigerant flow rate under different evaporation temperature .	提出了电子膨胀阀的流动特性 , 应适应超热增益到不同蒸发温度下的冷却流速 。
11 and solomon gave hiram twenty thousand cors of wheat as food for his household , in addition to twenty thousand baths , of pressed olive oil .	11岁和孤独的小麦为他的家庭提供了2万只小麦 , 除了两千个洗澡外 , 还有压制橄榄油 。
li decided to sponsor a number of disadvantaged pupils in gansu under the euchina basic education project running in the province since 2001 .	李决定在2001年以来 , 甘肃在欧盟基本教育项目运行的基本教育项目下发起很多不利的学生 。
objective to evaluate the clinical efficacy and toxicity of cef as the neoadjuvant chemotherapy regimen in the treatment of locally advanced breast cancer .	目的评价cef的临床疗效和毒性 , 作为当地早期乳腺癌治疗新型乳腺癌的治疗方法 。
to strengthen the organization and coordination , strengthen the service consciousness , and further intensify promote the development of medicine industry strength .	为了加强组织和协调 , 加强服务意识 , 进一步加强医药行业强度发展 。
the jets were viewable in the animated segment one on either side of an indiantricolour symbol to celebrate the 70 years of the country's independence .	喷射器在动画段中可看到 , 一个在印度彩色象征的两侧 , 以庆祝这个国家独立70年的庆祝 。
automobile , big and small freight vehicle , box vehicle , sightseeing bus , no matter is the private car or the company vehicle may shanghai loan .	汽车、大型、小型货运车、箱车、观光总线、无论是私人汽车或公司汽车都是上海贷款 。
in addition to physical changes to the touchscreen , the technology of the touchscreen also ushered in a new wave of software interaction on mobile devices .	除了物理变化对触摸屏外 , 触摸屏的技术也在移动设备上使用了新的软件相互作用 。
crepes suzette with mixed fruit , choice toppig blueberry sauce , chocolate sauce , strawberry sauce , pineapple sauce , mango sauce .	用混合水果 , 选择顶部蓝莓酱 , 巧克力酱 , 草莓酱 , 菠萝酱 , 芒果酱 。
however , the development of chinese silk industry is facing allround challenges including diversification of fibers , companies' competition in outside world and developing countries .	然而 , 中国丝绸行业的发展面临着各种挑战 , 包括纤维、企业在外国和发展中国家的竞争 。
they were quite different in chloroplast membrane structures , pigment protein complexes , the content of electron trans port components and photosynthetic functions .	它们在氯塑性膜结构、颜料蛋白复合、电子端口部件的含量和光合功能都有很大的差异 。
to explore the safety of modified type tatvp3 fusion protein , and the efficacy of modified fusion protein type of tatvp3 to immune system .	探讨改性型ttvp3融合蛋白的安全性 , 以及改性的ttvp3型融合蛋白类型的有效性 。
the effect of the significant parameters on the stability of the large diameter cylinder quay of the piled wall type is investigated through numerical calculation .	通过数值计算 , 研究了不同参数对桩墙型大径径圆柱的稳定性的影响 。
some of you may do nothing at all . believe it or not , there are millionaires and billionaires among us who masquerade as relatively normal , moneyconscious people .	你们中有些人可能没有做到什么 。 相信 , 或是没有 , 有数百万富翁和数百万富翁 , 这些都是相对正常的 , 钱意识的人 。
the former army colonel , who seized power of the sparsely populated country in 1969 at the tender age of 27 , had totally reshaped the country in his image .	前军殖民地 , 1969年在27岁的拉德时代 , 被抓住了大量人口的国家 , 已经完全改变了他的形象 。
steven gerrard today savoured liverpool's derby day victory and insisted the reds are relishing the challenge of winning the race for a top four place .	斯蒂文杰拉德今天拯救了利物浦的德比日胜利 , 坚持红军正在减轻赢得最高的四场比赛的挑战 。
some methods of preventing contamination in the largescale cell culture were introduced including people training , enviromental control , aseptic technique and material management .	介绍了预防大规模细胞文化中污染的一些方法 , 包括人工培训、环境控制、无菌技术和材料管理等 。
the left yi doesn't know for the cilia and dragged this hazardous topic , this isn't good , ask for an personality with brutal variety of to come out miserably .	左yi并不知道这次危险的话题 , 这并不好 , 请求一个与布鲁特多样的人格来错误 。
liverpool are on the verge of singing esbjerg youngster nikolaj kohlert on a threeyear deal , according to reports in his native denmark .	根据他本土丹麦的报道 , 利物浦正在唱歌埃斯伯杰年轻的尼科尔特 。
sand street south 18th french credit agricole bank , the sand street south 60 , the anglican communion is neoclassical works .	沙街南18号法国信贷农业银行 , 沙街南60号 , anglican通信是新古典作品 。
college counsellors who work at the front line of ideological and political are the grassroots commanders and educators of the ideological and political work .	思想政治的前线的大学咨询员是思想政治工作的草原指挥官和教育者 。
ct current transformers are instrument transformers used in conjunction with ammeters , control circuits and protective relaying . they usually have 5 ampere secondaries .	ct电流变压器是用来连接amter、控制电路和保护继电器的仪器变压器 , 通常有5个中级 。
once fully dried , it is left to rest for some days , then in one step the skin , dried fruit flesh , parchment layer and all are torn from the green seed .	一旦完全干燥 , 剩下几天 , 然后在一步的皮肤、干燥的水果肉、公园层和所有都是从绿种子里扭转的 。
compared to ordinary noise correction methods , nonlinear fitting with a middle and later impulse response function is more advantageous when snr is relatively low .	与普通噪声修正方法相比 , 中、后冲击反应函数的非线性拟合比较 , snr相对较低时更有利 。
introduce:xiaogu and mother give maternal father pay respects to sb at his tomb , xiaogu fell into bug hole suddenly in , before returning 10 years .	简介:小刚和母亲给母亲在墓里付了尊重的sb , 小刚突然进入bug洞 , 前十年 。
a business process competency center can provide a central repository of information for addressing these needs — and hosting it in the cloud makes it easily accessible .	业务流程竞争中心可以为解决这些需要的信息提供中心的存储库 , 并且在云中拥有它很容易访问 。
the results in surface temperature distribution of a reduced scale model from the above calculation com pared with that from experimental measurement are relatively identical .	实验测量结果表明 , 从上述计算公式中降低尺度模型的表面温度分布结果与实验测量相对一致 。
wollastonite as polymer filler is considered as an important direction to the utilization of wollastonite , which reduces the polymer product cost and improves product performance .	由于聚合物填料作为聚合物填料的重要方向 , 降低了聚合物产品成本 , 提高了产品性能 。
in october of two thousand eight , michael pollan wrote a letter to presidentelect barack obama which was published in the new york times magazine .	在10月两千八日 , 迈克尔·波兰写了一封信给纽约时报杂志出版的总统barack奥巴马 。
" connecting people , quality first " is our tenet , jinze people will be creating continuously to make copetitive products and we invite you passionally to set up the future resplendence .	" 连接人 , 质量第一 " 是我们的网络 , 金津人将继续创造合作产品 , 我们激情邀请您建立未来的依赖 。
the results show that: the corundum refractory possesses the best erosionresisting characteristic in the pellet kiln , so it is the most suitable to be applied as lining in this kiln .	结果表明:圆柱折射具有最好的抗蚀特性 , 因此在圆柱窑中应用最适合于圆柱上 。
to admission the wto , brings opportunity and gauntlet for our country market , credit has become bottleneck of restricting the development of socialism market economy .	为了承认wto , 给我国市场带来机会和赌博 , 信贷已成为限制社会主义市场经济发展的瓶颈 。
during the standoff , six american warships surrounded the seized vessel to ensure the weapons were not taken elsewhere in the volatile region .	在斯坦多夫期间 , 六艘美国战舰周围围围围绕着种子船 , 以确保武器在挥发区域不采取其他地方 。
hybrid characters obviously show maternal heterosis , fruit setting date , fruit size and color if hybrid population all tend to follow the femal parent .	杂交字符显然显示出母亲异体、水果设置日期、水果大小和颜色 , 如果混合体人口总是跟随母亲 。
but even if weighing costs against benefits does not entirely answer the question of what should be done about climate change , it is an essential part of the answer .	但是 , 即使体重对气候变化的影响并不完全回答了气候变化的问题 , 这是答案的一个重要部分 。
the utility model has novel structure , and is tough and durable , as well as is in particular applicable for the repairmen of various surcharged truck tyres .	本实用新型具有新型的结构 , 具有较强的耐用性 , 特别适用于各种各样的货车轮胎修复人员 。
hailing from the large western region of lithuania known as samogitia , these axemen are amongst the heaviest infantry units available to lithuanian armies .	来自刘南亚大西部地区的海盗 , 这些毒素是最大的婴儿单位 , 可用于刘南军队 。
analyses the antifriction and noisereducing mechanism of the model , furthermore , it shows the direction and significance of this new concept's study in the fut...	分析了模型的抗摩擦和噪声降噪机理 , 进一步分析了该新概念的研究方向和意义 。
the left cervical incision was perfoimed for cervical esophageal carcinoma and partial cervicosternotomy was performed for lesion in the upper thoracic segment .	左宫颈切除术用于颈椎管癌和部分颈椎切除术 , 术后在上胸部的病变中表现出左颈椎切除术 。
slowerthanexpected growth has fueled speculation the federal reserve could launch another round of bond buying to try to drive longterm borrowing costs lower .	预期增长缓慢 , 预计联邦储备可能会发起另一轮的债券购买 , 试图将长期借贷成本降低 。
soil moisture content and its dynamics on road embankment and cutting slope at fixed points were investigated on shaanxi—inner mongolia desert expressway .	研究了陕西土壤水分含量及其在路堤施工和固定点切割坡度的动态 , 探讨了山西地区内蒙古沙漠高速公路 。
the american association of university professors says sixtyeight percent of all teacher appointments at american colleges today are adjuncts .	美国大学教授协会表示 , 今天美国大学教师的六十八%的教师任命都是调整的 。
the intelligent electricmagnetic flowmeter , integrating the sensor , converter and integrator onto it , and displaying on the spot , is introduced in the paper .	介绍了智能电磁流量计、集成传感器、转换器和集成器 , 并对该点进行了展示 。
the tribute in light represents the lost twin towers from the world trade center . it displays just one of many memorials to the 9/11 attacks five years ago .	光线的分布表示了从世界贸易中心失去的双塔 , 它只显示了五年前9/11次袭击的许多记忆之一 。
we should not entrust important jobs to persons who have made grave mistakes and whose attitude remains bad ; they should be deprived of their current ranks and perquisites .	我们不应该对那些使严重错误的人进行信任 , 他们的态度仍然不好 ; 他们应该被剥夺当前的排名和完美的地方 。
objective to investigate the effect and mechanisms of tumor suppressor gene pten on the induction of anoikis of human bladder transitional carcinoma cells biu87 .	目的探讨肿瘤抑制剂基因pten对人膀胱过渡癌细胞诱导的影响及机制 。
its capital was bodoni , and its leader was general pica . the guardian " s phones rang all day as readers sought more information about the idyllic holiday spot . "	它的首都是波多尼 , 它的领导人是一般的pica 。 卫报的电话总是在阅读者们寻找更多关于idyllic假期点的信息 。
qcg series conventional canned motor pipeline mounted pumps are used to handle clean water or other liquids similar to water in physical and chemical properties .	采用qcg系列常规罐式电机管道安装泵处理清洁水或其他液体类似于物理和化学性能的水 。
unconventional agents such as the agent causing bovine spongiform encephalopathy , is associated with variant creutzfeldtjakob disease in humans .	非传统的药物例如 , 波音散发性心理病的药物 , 与人类各种各样的切尔茨-jakob疾病相关 。
by introducing a reducedorder observer to reconstruct the state of the exosystem , the problem of physically realizable of the ootc law can thus be solved .	介绍了一种降阶观测器重建外系统状态 , 解决了ootc法的物理实现问题 , 解决了ootc法的物理实现问题 。
an approach is proposed to discretize continuous intervalvalued attributes in rough set theory . the approach is characterized by emphasizing classseparability in discretization .	针对粗集理论中的连续评价属性 , 提出了一种方法 , 强调分类可分离性的方法 。
the air defence systems on display at airshow china in november showed a strong emphasis on deployable , multifunctional weapons with the export market firmly in mind .	今年111月 , 中国空气防御系统在中国展示了强烈的强调 , 多功能武器与出口市场紧密相关 。
rabies patient should protect processing in the quiet environment court eunuch , may use the tranquilizer to reduce patient's spasm , paralysis and the ache .	兔病人应该在安静的环境法庭中保护处理 , 可以使用安静的方法来减少患者的痉挛、瘫痪和疼痛 。
however , should nilmar arrive as a replacement , wolfsburg may be willing to lower their price slightly and loosen their grip , allowing the rossoneri to pounce .	然而 , 应该nilmar作为替代 , 沃尔夫斯堡可能愿意降低他们的价格 , 减少他们的价格 , 减少了他们的价格 , 允许罗斯尼里去公民 。
an adaptive control strategy for parallel hybrid electric vehicles is proposed based on drive cycle recognition with the balance of battery soc as objective .	提出了一种基于驱动周期识别的并行混合电动车辆的自适应控制策略 , 并行混合电动车辆是目标的 。
as the situation of trust research's multidisciplinary interaction and omnibearingly advancing , it is imperative to check its philosophic dimensionality .	作为信任研究的多学科互动的现状 , 随着信任研究的多学科互动的不断提高 , 检查其哲学维度是不可思议的 。
the longterm studies by hossain and his colleagues suggest that dams have particularly altered extreme precipitation patterns in arid or semiarid areas .	霍萨因和他的同事们的长期研究表明 , 坝坝在干旱或半干旱地区特别改变极端沉淀模式 。
since the end of the cold war , when washington sniffed soviet influence in its backyard , u . s . south american policy has slumped in importance .	自从冷战结束以来 , 当华盛顿在后院对苏联影响的时候 , 美国南美政策的重要性下降 。
the capture of two german agents in 1942 uncovered two such codes which british intelligence had repeatedly failed to crack , the declassified files reveal .	1942年 , 两个德国代理的捕捉发现了英国情报局的两个代码 , 反复失败 , 声明的文件揭示了 。
a new stabilization additive was studied , it has good effect to improve the color change and sediments formation of fcc diesel fuel containing nonbasic nitrogen compounds .	研究了一种新的稳定添加剂 , 提高了含非基本氮化物的fcc柴油的颜色变化和沉积形成 。
net income came in at $54 million , or 4 cents per share , down from net income of $151 million , or 11 cents , in 2007's third quarter .	净收入达到5400万美元 , 或每股4美元 , 从净收入从2007年第三季的净收入下降到15100万美元 , 或是11美元 。
it’s certainly helping out the alphabet’s second vowel , although as the english language’s most popular letter , it doesn’t really need it .	虽然英语最受欢迎的字母 , 但它确实不需要它 。
new york times chairman arthur sulzberger declined to comment in an wedensday on its involvement in the new device except to say , 'stay tuned . '	纽约时报主席阿瑟·苏尔伯格星期三拒绝评论其涉及的新设备 , 除了说 , 除了说 , 否则说 , " 安装的调整 " 。
the dynamic , vivid , personality about workflow becomes the urgent needs of the customer , with wfms application scope to extend and application realm to expand continuously .	工作流的动态、活力、个性变成客户的紧急需求 , 与wfms应用范围扩展和应用领域持续扩展 。
minister of the fingers into a large source to the coil , and quickly plucked from the middle of some dirt around workers are using water washing the dirt on the various components .	手指部长进入一个大源头 , 然后迅速从工人周围的一些污水中抽出来 , 用水洗去各种成分的污水 。
mclennan , on the other hand , felt more in control and says she enjoyed aspects of her former job , especially the money and the opportunity to " party with rock stars . "	另一方面 , 麦克伦南觉得更多的控制和说她喜欢她的前任工作的方面 , 尤其是 " 与岩星 " 聚会的机会 。
since we spend forty or more hours at our jobs weekly , it is essential to your health and longevity that your place of work is as conducive to wellness as possible .	自从我们每周花了四十多小时以来 , 对于你的健康和长寿来说 , 你的工作的地方就像可能做的那样容易 。
this is a redundant practice when using odbc , as the configuration is purely in initialization of the application , and the odbc functions are androgynous to the database system .	使用odbc时 , 这是一个冗余的实践 , 因为配置纯粹是应用程序的初始化 , odbc函数对数据库系统进行安排 。
the opposition leader had returned to pakistan after eight years in exile and had survived a suicide bomb blast during her arrival procession in karachi only months before .	反对党领导人在八年之后回到巴基斯坦 , 在卡拉奇的到来过程中幸存了自杀炸弹 。
next , they divided up the diabetics and gave half a placebo and treated half with extendedrelease niacin , a drug that raises hdl levels in the blood .	接下来 , 他们分别分为糖尿病 , 给了一半的安慰剂和治疗半的氮素 , 一种药物可以提高血液中hdl水平 。
well you could stretch it and say that an example of engineering to improve human health is getting them from one place to another , but that would be more of a stretch than i'm going to make .	好的 , 你可以伸展它 , 说一个工程改善人类健康的例子 , 从一个地方到另一个地方 , 但这比我要做的要多 。
investors looked decidedly spooked on monday , with asian and european bourses down sharply and the dow tumbling 643 . 76 points , or more than 5% .	投资者周一表示 , 亚洲和欧洲的投资者大幅下跌 , 道琼643.76点 , 或超过5% 。
here is a wiring diagram for the star configuration that i have found from the net . you are better to do this with great circumspection or it would be easily end up with a burned esc .	这里是我从网上找到的恒星配置的一个线图 , 您可以更好地完成这件事情 , 或者很容易结束燃烧的esc 。
but the study of the buddhism thoughts from mou zongsan is less than others , especially the study of dacheng qixin lun's content and significance .	然而 , 穆宗山佛教思想的研究比其他人少 , 尤其是大成七六元的内容和意义研究 。
more regulation of companies , encouraged by the sarbanesoxley act in the united states , and other measures designed to clean up the corporate act will be the spur .	更多的规定 , 由sarbanesoxley在美国的sarbanesoxley行动鼓励的公司 , 以及设计的其他措施来清理公司的行动将会是疯狂的 。
you can embed media to better illustrate a topic , provide information about yourself to build your credibility , and collaborate with others to improve your knol over time .	你可以嵌入媒体来更好地说明一个主题 , 为自己建立你的可信性 , 并与其他人合作 , 以提高你的knol的时间 。
this paper describes the idea of mvc2 , the innovation in filtering and xml , as well as the design and implementation of access control administration system based on mvc2 .	本文介绍了mvc2的创新思想 , 基于mvc2的访问控制管理系统的设计和实现 。
steele declared subsequently to cnn that limbaugh's comments were incendiary and ugly , prompting limbaugh to question steele's ability to lead the party .	史蒂尔在接下来向cnn宣布 , 林巴格的评论是历史性和丑陋的 , 促使林巴的评论能力引起党的能力 。
yet their summers more likely involve city recreation centers , steamy blacktop , or a splash in a public pool or a fire hydrant turned fountain .	然而 , 他们的夏天更可能涉及到城市娱乐中心 , 蒸汽黑top , 或者在公共池或一场火水化的喷泉 。
using these for reference , china should complete present educational investment system , give priority to development of the basic education , strengthen educational institution etc so as...	利用这些参考 , 我国应完成现行教育投资体系 , 为基本教育、加强教育机构的发展提供优先的意义 。
north korea says it attacked the island , killing two soldiers and two civilians , because the south ignored its warning not to fire into disputed waters around the island .	朝鲜说 , 它袭击了岛屿 , 杀死两名士兵和两名民兵 , 因为南方忽视警告不要在岛周围爆炸的水域 。
implementation: capable of implementing creative ideas in an allround way based on the overall strategy , we can achieve the best result from user experience optimization .	实现:基于整体策略实现创意思想的能力 , 我们可以从用户体验优化实现最好的结果 。
the composer kennosuke suemura also allegedly plagiarised warcraft ii in super robot wars w . however , there have been no reports of legal action being taken .	然而 , 在超级机器人战争中 , 科学家肯诺苏克苏姆拉还指出 , 在超级机器人战争中 , 没有法律行动的报道 。
as the strategic and leading industry of china , hitech industry attracts much fdi . gradually , fdi becomes the main power of promotion of hitech industry in china .	随着我国的战略和领导产业 , 高科技产业吸引了很多fdi 。 逐步 , fdi成为我国高科技产业发展的主要力量 。
in the second quarter , aol said , its own members made up 36% of unique visitors to its network of websites , but generated 80% of page views .	在第二季 , 阿奥尔说 , 自己的成员在其网站独特的访问者组成了36%的独特访问者 , 但产生了80%的页面视图 。
but eventually we decide to skip it and return towards the barkhor . along the way we bump into fellow travellers anja and joep , who are also exploring the city .	但最后我们决定跳过它 , 回到巴克赫 , 沿着我们在同一旅行者安杰和加入的路线 , 他们也正在探索这个城市 。
changes california constitution to prohibit abortion for unemancipated minor until 48 hours after physician notifies minor's parent or legal guardian .	改变加利福尼亚宪法制度 , 直到48小时之前 , 物理学家通知少数的父母或法律卫生 。
the majority embryo of seeds aborted at earlier stage could develop to earlier globular embryo phase due to the abnormal endosperm nucleus division .	由于非正常内皮核分裂 , 大多数种子的胚胎可能会在早期发育 。
the fifth , the agribusiness managerial education should to teach the profession knowledge , to make the independent thinking and cultivate the habit of lifetime learning .	第五 , 农业管理教育应该教育专业知识 , 使独立思维和培养生命学习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习惯 。
empire: total war featured a brandnew engine which would become the foundation of our latest developments , and introduce fully 3d naval battles to the series for the first time .	帝国:总战特色是一台新型的发动机 , 它将成为我们最新的发展的基础 , 第一次引入全面的3d海军战争 。
students will be able to use the knowledge and methods they will have learned in this course to search related materials and find answers when they encounter law problems in the future .	学生将能够利用学习这些课程中学习的知识和方法 , 搜索相关材料并在未来遇到法律问题时找到答案 。
conclusion it is satisfactory of lattice scarification under corneal epithelium to treat bullous keratopathy caused by physical and mechanical factors .	结论在角膜上皮下乳化程度满意 , 治疗由于物理和力学因素引起的牛骨病变 。
optimists shrug that politicians always talk populist claptrap during primaries and that mr obama has actually committed himself to very little .	乐观主义者冲刷 , 政治家总是在初级时谈论流行主义剪辑 , 奥巴马先生实际上承诺自己很少 。
the mode on wii carries the exact same design as it does elsewhere , less your hairstyle options which are for some reason limited to one color and three style choices .	wii的设计模式与其它地方相同 , 减少了您的发型选项 , 这是有限的一个颜色和三种风格的选择 。
the main view of this paper is: only when the laborers have legal collective bargaining right , and fully exercise this right , could they protect their own work rights and interests effectively ;	本文的主要观点是:只有当劳动者有法律集体禁止权利时 , 才能有效地保护自己的工作权利和利益 ;
at the same un summit , president obama offered strong rhetoric but little substance as he faces fierce domestic opposition to proposed carbon cuts .	同一联合国峰会上 , 奥巴马总统提出了强烈的流变 , 但在他面对国内反对的情况下 , 他面临着激烈的国内反对来削减碳的反对 。
barack obama and hillary clinton went back and forth several times throughout their zigzag battle for the 2008 democratic nomination — sometimes via voice mail .	巴拉克奥巴马和希拉里克林顿在2008年民主提名的zigzzag战争中回来了几次 。
the interior advances a practice that is dedicated to wish fulfillment , material exploration and an unashamed reveal of exotic theatricality present in daytoday life .	内部先进的实践表明 , 希望实现、材料勘探和今天的异热情现象显示了今天的生活 。
balanced input signal from any true balanced player will be handled all the way through in fully balanced till it reaches the balanced headphone output connector .	从任何真正平衡的球员中平衡输入信号将通过完全平衡 , 直到达到平衡的头电话输出连接器 。
the area has become an " arena " where gathers world big powers and various politics . the united states recognizes that central asia is part of the us global strategy .	这个地区已经成为了一个 " 伊莎娜 " , 聚集了世界大权力和各种政治 , 美国认识到中亚是美国全球战略的一部分 。
the person most commonly associated with aop is gregor kiczales , currently at the university of british columbia , where he works on software modularity research .	英国哥伦比亚大学最常见的人是gregorkiczals , 目前是英国哥伦比亚大学的gregorkiczals 。
types of help might entail thorough job training on the job , direction , transportation , or other support enabling that individual to retain his or her employment .	类型的帮助可能会在工作、方向、交通或其他支持下进行完整的工作培训 , 以保持自己或她的职业 。
there was a scene whereby su jin finally went to the house she lived with yong min and finally packed up all her things and dropped the keys into the mail box .	有一场景 , 苏锦最后去了她和永敏住的房子 , 终于把她所有的东西包起来 , 然后把钥匙放进邮箱里 。
the finite element method is used to analyze the influence of external circumstances on effect of deicing or snow melting system by electrically conductive concrete .	采用有限元方法对电导混凝土外部环境影响进行了分析 。
bp managers say they frequently hear that 'potus has ordered' such and such , 'potus' being washington shorthand for 'president of the united states . '	bp管理人员说 , 他们经常听到 , " 地方已经命令了 " 这样 , " 地方 " 是华盛顿短暂的 " 美国总统 " 。
g2 united states recognizes the presence of international agencies , foreign governments and other representatives of staff and their immediate family members .	g2美国认识到国际机构、外国政府和其他员工的代表和他们立即家庭成员的代表 。
in particular , the relevant import declaration form as signed and issued by the customs shall be submitted for the payment for any purchase of foreign exchange .	特别是 , 由海关签订的相关进口声明形式 , 应当提交任何购买外汇交易的付款 。
the analyzing method in this paper is based on the classical theory of plates and shells and the twomoment limitedinteraction yield condition was used as the yield criterion for materials .	本文以板块和壳体的经典理论为基础 , 采用两元有限反应产量条件 , 作为材料产量标准 。
yi xiaozhun said that china maintained good economic and trade relations with malaysia and singapore . the three countries are important trade partners of each other .	易晓忠说 , 中国与马来西亚和新加坡保持良好的经济贸易关系 , 三国是互相的重要贸易伙伴 。
for the occasion , this month's column provides a more indepth description of ibm support assistant in general , including the latest features .	对于此 , 本月的专栏为ibm支持协助提供了更深入的描述 , 包括最新的特点 。
the analysis result shows: 1 favorable cap rock conditions can retard coalbed methane scattering and indirectly restrain methane desorbing ;	分析结果表明:1例较好的cap岩石条件可以降低煤炭甲烷散射和间接限制甲烷吸附 ;
pictures taken yesterday shows dozens of pupils jogging and playing badminton inside jiakai sports hall , which is equipped with an airpurifying system .	昨天拍摄的照片显示了几十个学生在嘉加夷运动厅内玩坏人顿的玩笑和玩坏人顿 , 这装备了一个空气净化系统 。
fig . 5 illustrates an example of a pulse width generator with two alternate delay paths , according to another embodiment of the present invention .	根据目前发明的另一个实现 , 图5说明了脉冲宽度生成器的一个例子 。
jinbao street is an avenue created after the destruction of a swathe of alleyways and traditional courtyard housing just east of the wangfujing shopping district .	金宝街是一家街道破坏后 , 仅仅仅是王福建商区东部的一家法院住宅 , 创造了一个街道 。
last week , france's national assembly voted to return the mummified heads of 16 maoris from various museums back to their homeland in new zealand .	上周 , 法国国家集会投票回到新西兰的各种博物馆的16名马里斯头 。
china is in favor of setting up a peacebuilding commission to coordinate more effectively un efforts in peacekeeping , postconflict rehabilitation and development .	中国在建立和平建设委员会 , 更有效地协调和平维持、后冲突康复和发展的努力 。
in this paper to discuss labor relations , labor law that is subject to adjustment of labor relations , should be a specific , narrow sense of labor relations .	本文讨论劳动关系 , 劳动法是劳动关系调整的主体 , 应该是一个具体、狭窄的劳动关系 。
“if japanese engineers did it , they would create a japanese product , ” explains hitoshi otsuki , who heads panasonic’s overseas operations .	" 如果日本工程师做到这一点 , 他们会创造一个日本产品 , " 希特索希·奥苏基解释说 , 他总部是帕纳森尼克的海外运营 。
anthocyanins provide the dark colours of many fruits and vegetables , such as blueberries and red peppers . they are what makes black rice 'black' .	青霉素提供了许多水果和蔬菜的暗色 , 例如蓝莓和红椒 , 他们是什么使黑米 " 黑 " 的 。
'most earthquakerelated casualties result from collapsing walls , flying glass , and falling objects , ' says the fema web site .	女性网站说 , 几乎地震相关的灾难导致墙壁崩溃 , 飞行玻璃 , 降落对象 。
west of the great dividing range the landscape consists mostly of plains and plateaus ; the macdonnell ranges near the country's center are an exception .	西部大型分区范围的景观主要由平原和高原组成 ; 麦当尼尔沿着该国中心附近的麦当尼尔是一个例外 。
a the press of a button , a microcomputer lock all other floors'chute doors and sets the recyclingcontainer turning until the right box comes under the chute .	一个按钮的新闻 , 一个微型计算机锁住了其他地板的门 , 然后设置回收容器转换直到右键盒下来 。
the drought was serious for early rice from early pi to maturity under dry year type , and its strength and duration surpassed that of normal year type .	干旱对早期猪的早期水稻来说严重 , 干燥年期干燥 , 其强度和时间超过了正常年龄类型 。
the grand hotels has the honor to meet with mr . ajoy k misra , senior vice president , sales & marketing of taj hotels resorts and palaces .	大酒店拥有高级副总裁、塔j酒店销售和宫殿的荣誉 。
united is pleased to announce it has reached an agreement with partizan belgrade and the players for zoran tosic and adem ljajic to join the club .	联合国很高兴宣布 , 与伙伴贝尔德和佐桑·托西克和阿德姆·卢贾吉克加入俱乐部达成协议 。
when i go across the developing countries and ask myself what is the largest single explanation for the huge diversity of economic performance , it falls in this territory .	当我跨越开发中国家时 , 问自己是最大的单一解释经济表现的多样性 , 它落在这个领域 。
although a number of projects outerjacketing frame for storeyadding have been accomplished presently , there is little research on design methods for this kind of frame .	尽管目前已完成了许多外部打击框架 , 但对该框架的设计方法有很少研究 。
plan 1 is that heating in winter and cooling in summer is realized by gas direct fired lithium bromide absorbent type cool heaters using natural gas for fuel .	计划1是 , 在夏季的冬季和冷却过程中 , 由气体直接燃烧的锂新型吸收式冷却剂使用燃料来实现 。
the body position i end up in – with the tennis ball trapped in between my racket and the fence – is very similar to what your contact point will be when you actually serve .	我结束的身体位置 , 随着网球在我的射线和足球之间陷入了线球 , 与你接触点相似 , 实际上当于你服务的时候 , 就会有什么相似 。
l929 cells were cocultured with the porous chitosan membranes and biocompatible observation was performed with scanning electron microscope .	用扫描电镜对l929细胞进行了多孔壳聚糖膜培养 , 并用扫描电镜进行生物相容观察 。
the spirit of new asia college meant different signification by different period , but qian mu's noble ambition of developing chinese culture was always incarnated in it .	新亚洲大学的精神意味着不同时期的意义不同 , 但秦穆的发展中华文化的贵重心始终在其中 。
ceramides are a type of lipid found in cell membranes , and they also serve as signals in the body's stress response , summers explained .	美国夏天解释说 , 陶瓷是一种在细胞膜中发现的脂肪类型 , 而且它们也作为身体应力反应的信号作为信号 。
microsoft corp . , for example , has built up its cash levels to $60 . 9 billion , including equity and others investments as of march .	例如 , 微软公司已经建立了它的现金水平到609亿美元 , 包括股权和其他投资3月 。
the official jobless rate , which garners the bulk of attention from politicians and the public , was reported on friday to have risen to 9 . 7 percent in august .	据报道 , 在8月份 , 收集了来自政治家和公众的大量关注的官方工作失业率 , 据报道 , 今年8月份已经上升到9.7% 。
methods preoperative fine needle aspiration biopsy findings were compared with the final pathologic diagnosis of the surgically resected specimen in 241 cases .	方法对241例手术切除指标的最后病理诊断进行比较 。
when cave , as a kind of natural geomorphologic landscape , is developed and utilized by human being as a kind of tourism resource , we call it tourism cave .	当洞穴时 , 作为一种自然地理景观 , 由人类作为旅游资源开发并利用人类作为旅游资源 , 我们称之为旅游洞 。
angle: it turned green because the soda water contains alkali . things like soda water which can turn the juice into green , are called alkaline matters .	角度:它变绿 , 因为soda含碱 , 如soda水转化成绿色 , 被称为碱物质 。
with the development of dance with accompaniment as well as opening of society , permanent theatres came into existence in tang dynasty and perfomances became more frequent .	随着伴随着伴随着社会的发展 , 永久剧院在唐代和永久性的舞蹈变得越来越频繁 。
the vehicle frame is the footboard type structure , which is comfortable and convenient in riding and can obviously reduce the labor intensity of riders .	汽车框架是脚板类型结构 , 它舒适、方便 , 可明显降低骑行者的劳动强度 。
and peng changes food to be caused easily full bilge feeling , the influence dines normally , meet what cloggy body pledges to nurture absorb .	彭改变食品易于充分的感觉 , 通常影响饮食 , 满足护理吸收的情况 。
he fled from wenzhou to the united states on september 21 , leaving 1 . 5 billion yuan in debt owed to both chinese banks and individual creditors .	他于9月21日逃离温州到美国 , 在债务中离开了15亿元 , 由于中国银行和个人债务者的债务 。
the seismology research centre says the earthquake measured 3 . 8 on the richter scale with an epicenter about 80 kilometers southwest of sydney .	地震学研究中心说 , 地震震测量了3.8在丰富的地震范围 , 中心大约80公里的sydney西南部 。
when the drone finally pulls away , his barbed penis andabdominal tissues are ripped from his body . he dies shortly thereafter — what abuzz kill .	当司机终于赶走时 , 他的酒精铅笔和腹部组织被从身体里爬出来 , 他就死在那里 , 然后他一直在那里死去了 , 就在那里 , 他就死了 。
the " metalframed composite hoses " are extensively used in industries such as petroleum , chemistry , pharmacy , foodstuff , storage and transportation .	" 金属框架复合材料 " 广泛应用于石油、化学、药品、食品、储存和运输等行业 。
the phrase requiring the programmingtools word set shall be appended to the label of standard programs that require the system to provide the programmingtools word set .	要求编程工具集的短语应该适用于标准程序的标准程序标签 , 要求系统提供编程工具集 。
this course asks fundamental questions like why is the electric charge in nature quantized ? and why can't we find an isolated magnetic north or south pole ?	本课程要求基本问题如何是自然定量化的电荷 ? 为什么我们不能找到一个孤立的磁北或南极 ?
a dead turtle floats on a pool of oil from the deepwater horizon spill in barataria bay off the coast of louisiana monday , june , 7 , 2010 .	2010年6月7日 , 2010年6月7日 , 巴拉特里亚湾的路易斯安那海岸 , 一只死石油从深水平面溢出的石油上浮出来 。
conclusion the level of leukocyte cd18 and mpo increases and the leukocyte count decreases during reperfusion injury of rat island flaps .	结论白细胞cd18水平和mpo增加 , 白细胞数量减少在大鼠岛的重复损伤中 。
france is expected to pledge 150 gendarmes to head an afghan police training mission , with a further 150 coming from mainly mediterranean countries .	法国预计将承诺150个加拿大阿富汗警察培训任务 , 进一步从主要地中海国家来临 。
we hold that the implementation of omc is a realistic choice of eu , though not enough to help eu to achieve health care integration in the end for its own weaknesses .	我们坚持说 , omc实施是欧盟现实选择 , 尽管不足以帮助欧盟实现健康保健整合 , 为了自己的弱点 。
this article consists of five chapters: chapter one and two introduce the basic information of vor , including the source , definition , basic theory and value .	本文包括五章:第一章和两章介绍了vor的基本信息 , 包括源、定义、基本理论和价值 。
but the sun is on our backs . with limited time to wander , why trail down to the grotto when we can see it , all mystery preserved , from the ramparts of the basilica ?	但是太阳在我们的背部 , 带着有限的时间去走路 , 为什么我们能看到它 , 所有神秘的神秘保护下来 , 从基硅的rampart ?
during 10 years since rgs come into being , it has bred about 10 high yield , high quality rice varieties , brought hugely contribution to jilin province .	自从rgs进入10年以来 , 大约有10个高产、高品质水稻品种 , 给吉林省带来了巨大的贡献 。
check classified ads , both in print and online , to see what's available and what the going rate is in a particular neighborhood . get the earliest edition you can .	检查分类广告 , 两者都在印刷和网络上 , 看看哪些是可用的 , 以及在特定邻居中的速度 , 得到最早的版本 。
in a unique aviation experiment recently , the 170seat boeing 727 was made to crash in a controlled manner in a remote part of mexico's sonoran desert .	在最近 , 170座位于墨西哥索诺兰沙漠遥远区的一个控制方式下 , 发出了独特的航空实验 。
i tell jurors at the very beginning of a trial that the freedom we usually have to jump to conclusions in everyday life is , for the purpose of this trial , now suspended .	我在试验开始告诉陪审人 , 我们通常必须在日常生活中跳跃的自由是 , 因为这项试验的目的 , 现在悬挂了 。
this indeed is the one that i inscribe here as a balance to what is involved in meaning , it is the locus of that which , through the parlêtre , is designated in conscience as power .	这确实是我在这里描述的是一个平衡涉及到意义的意义 , 它是通过议会来指定的 , 正如权力所指定的 。
this paper builds the multiple scattering model of imaging in fog and presents the algorithm of fog water content measure based on images blur degree .	本文建立了fog成像多散射模型 , 并提出了基于b模糊度的雾水含量测量算法 。
the silkworm , bombyx mori , as a completely domesticated insect with good breeding and genetic system , has been considered as an ideal model for lepidoptera .	作为一种具有良好的育育种和遗传系统的全国性昆虫 , 被认为是一种理想模型 。
i fly the aircraft back down to the 1 , 500foot line at 500 feet and modify my airspeed to get at show center for the pullup . i level off at about 500 feet .	我飞机回到500英尺的1 , 500英尺的飞机 , 然后修改我的航空速度 , 为了在下拉中心 , 我离开了大约500英尺 。
many have cautioned investors not to make rash decisions , such as liquidating all their lowrisk government bonds in order to sniff the green paper bill for just a minute .	许多投资者不要做出冲突决策 , 例如液化他们的低风险政府债券 , 为了使绿纸账单仅仅是一分钟 。
in his youth , lawrence kessenich often clashed with his father over politics and religion , but he also admired his dad’s commitment to helping the poor and homeless .	在他的青年中 , 劳伦斯·凯斯尼奇经常与他的父亲在政治和宗教上冲突 , 但他也承认他爸爸的承诺帮助贫穷和家庭无家 。
arsenal can take positives from the result and most of the performance , city can take heart from the fact that even with 10 men they gave us a game until the second goal went in .	阿森纳可以采取积极的结果和大多数的表现 , 城市可以从事实上采取心脏 , 即使是10个男子给我们一个比赛 , 直到第二个进球进入 。
what should we call these iphonelike , touch screen wifi phones with music and video , real web browsers , email , sensors , and , above all , app stores ?	我们应该把这些iphone类似、触摸屏wifi手机和音乐和视频 , 真正的网络浏览器 , 电子邮件 , 传感器 , 以及上面 , 应用程序存储 ?
results the automatically rotating km—5000d microkeratome system comprised three parts: microcut system , double electronic dynamic device and control panel .	结果自动旋转km-5000d微震系统包括微切割系统、双电子动力学装置和控制面板 。
impressed by the official's work , the gates foundation decided to adopt her model of prevention and outreach and replicate it in major cities across 12 provinces .	由于官方工作的印象 , 盖茨基金会决定采用她的预防模式和出口模式 , 并在12个省的主要城市复制它 。
despite u . s . misgivings , britainsaid earlier this month it would join the aiib . france , germany and italy quicklyfollowed .	尽管美国错误 , 英国本月早些时候会加入aib.法国、德国和意大利快速跟踪 。
but on the other hand , with the increase of the intrafirm trade and intraindustry trade , which is brought by multinational companies , the fdi has a positive effect on trade .	另一方面 , 随着企业内部贸易和企业内部贸易的增加 , 多国企业带来了积极的影响 。
interactive charts will show investors how their risk exposure changes when they buy more microsoft options , or hold fewer chinese stocks , or short the price of oil .	互动图显示 , 当他们购买更多的微软选项时 , 投资者会如何风险暴露变化 , 或者持有少数中国股票 , 或者短期油价 。
they and their patients have been very worried about the cardiovascular safety of rosiglitazone due to the meta analysis paper from new england journal of medicine .	他们和他们的病人一直担心由于来自新英格兰医学杂志的冶金分析报告 , 由于罗西塔酮的心血管安全 。
a few insect species including beetles and katydids actively bleed when attacked , but the benefits of taking such extreme measures were not clear .	一些昆虫 , 包括啤酒和辣椒酸在攻击时积极出血 , 但采取这种极端措施的好处并不清楚 。
infrared searching and tracking systems find wide use in military and civil applications . airborne irst systems are described , and its application examples are introduced .	介绍了红外搜索和跟踪系统在军事和民用应用中得到广泛应用 , 介绍了空气出生的irst系统 , 并介绍了其应用实例 。
the gravel , grave cement and concrete thickness are given for reference only ; the final thickness will be accurately calculated according to chinese regulation .	根据中国规定 , 给出了重量、重量水泥和混凝土厚度 ; 最后的厚度将准确计算 。
energy prices eased a bit tuesday , with oil hovering around$134 . 01 a barrel and gas prices at $4 . 078 a gallon .	能源价格周二很容易 , 油价周二在134.01美元 , 每加仑每桶4.078美元 。
even though its owners lacked all six required licenses , it operated on state property in full view of a stateowned mine for more than three years , the official said .	官员说 , 尽管它的主人缺乏了所有六个需要许可证 , 但它在国有财产全面运行 , 但在国有财产的三年内 , 国有财产的全面看法是如此 。
for average people in china , they hope to find something from those countries that we can learn from , meanwhile intimidated by the potential despise or discrimination we might get in reward .	对于平均中国人来说 , 他们希望从那些我们可以学到的国家中找到一些东西 , 同时我们可能会得到奖励 。
medvedev people in more than she had in mind the same year 1909 , the washington state governor to respond to announce the third sunday in june as father's day .	1909年 , 华盛顿州州长梅德韦杰夫在同一年的时间里 , 她在六月份宣布第三个星期天的父亲节 。
a report by the world's leading international health organizations today calls for joint action to accelerate the development and licensing of a highly effective malaria vaccine .	国际卫生组织今天呼吁加快联合行动的开发和许可 , 加快一份高效疟疾疫苗的认可 。
the building faces south to capture the best views and has sweeping terraces that overhang by 2 . 5 metres to prevent glare into the rooms below .	建筑面对南方捕捉最好的观点 , 并且在2.5米左右扫荡的地形 , 以防止下面的玻璃进入房间 。
designing your threadsafe class in this fashion allows it to be used in a multithreaded application as easily as a nonthreadsafe class , but with a higher level of safety .	在这个时尚中设计线程安全类 , 允许它在多线程应用程序中使用 , 简单地作为非线程安全类 , 但具有更高的安全性 。
productivity in the united states has fluctuated widely in recent decades . from 1979 to 1990 , u . s . productivity grew by a slow 1 . 4% annually .	1979年至1990年 , 美国的生产能力大幅上升 , 近几十年来 , 美国的生产能力增长了1.4% 。
but the researchers suggest that if the weakening trend continues , there could be more severe cyclones , even during the summer monsoon months of june to september .	但研究人员建议 , 如果未来的趋势持续下降 , 即使在6月到9月的夏季季季季季季季季季 , 就会有更严重的循环 。
moreover , this paper takes an example of the renewal and transformation of haohe in nantong , analyzing the experience from the investigation about background and course of it .	此外 , 本文对南东省高河的再生和转型进行了实例分析 , 分析了其背景和课程的研究经验 。
however , the compressed air pass the same large area of laval nozzle in the traditional vacuum ejector all through the working process , so its large shortcoming is high compressed air consumption .	然而 , 压缩空气在传统的真空电气喷嘴中传递了相同的大面积 , 因此它的大型低压缩空气消耗很高 。
democrats such as mr . hoyer blame the deficit largely on the bush administration , which inherited budget surpluses , but left office with deficits .	像霍伊尔先生这样的民主党人 , 大部分谴责布什政府的赤字 , 继承了预算过剩 , 但与赤字留下了办公室 。
in addition to the sparql endpoints that appear on the public internet , others are appearing behind firewalls to ease crosssilo querying of enterprise data .	除了在公共互联网上出现的sparql端点外 , 还有一些人出现在火墙后面 , 以减轻企业数据的跨硅查询 。
cherie blair , the wife of prime minister tony blair , posed nude for a painting when she was a trainee lawyer in her mid20s , the times reported .	据《时报》报道 , 当她是一名中世纪20年代中期的一名火车律师的时候 , 切丽·布莱尔的妻子 , 托尼·布莱尔的妻子 。
neither fighter has ever appeared out of shape or drastically ran out of gas during a distance fight , but both tend to fade a bit over the second half of a 12round bout .	在距离战斗期间 , 战斗者从未出现过形状或极大程度上跑出气体 , 但两者都倾向于在12周围的一半左右 。
the results can be shown by numerical value and by graphic in the developed software that make it be seen directly . besides , the working interface is easy for workers to use .	结果可以通过数值和开发软件的图形直接看到 , 除了直接看到工作界面很容易用于员工使用 。
you can now adjust your websphere integration developer authentication to use your administrator user , leaving the wpsserver id for use only by your server process .	现在您可以调整您的websphere集成开发人员验证来使用您的管理员用户 , 让wpserverid仅通过服务器流程来使用 。
although figure 5 shows an mvclike model as an example , you can apply the basic principles of the rich web application backplane to any model and page design methodology .	虽然图5显示了mvc类型模型作为一个例子 , 但您可以应用丰富的web应用背景对任何模型和页面设计方法的基本原理 。
the new economic realities may lead to flat matchday revenues . while attendances continue to hold up well , many clubs have frozen or reduced ticket prices .	新经济现实可能会导致平均竞争收入.同时 , 许多俱乐部仍在持续良好 , 许多俱乐部已经冻结或减少票价 。
on tv , a news reporter states that the vice president has the largest campaign war chest in history and is therefore the oddson favorite to win her party’s nomination .	在电视上 , 一位新闻记者声明 , 副总统在历史上拥有最大的战争胸部 , 因此 , 奥德森最喜欢赢得党的提名 。
based on the bidirectional properties of semiconductor cooler , we designed a bidirectional active highaccurated temperature controller , with broad working range .	基于半导体冷却器的双向性能 , 设计了一种双向活性高精度的高精度控制器 , 具有广泛的工作范围 。
although the ford fseries was the number one best selling vehicle in the us last year , there were six foreign owned models in the top ten list in 2010 .	尽管fdfseries是去年美国最好的销售车辆 , 但在2010年最高的十个名单中有六个外国拥有的模型 。
occasionally , a follicle doesn't open to release the egg or recloses after releasing the egg and swells with fluid , forming an ovarian cyst .	偶尔 , 一只愚蠢的卵子不开放 , 释放蛋和汗水后 , 形成卵巢囊肿 。
'we are not receiving special treatment ; we compete for business just like every other company , ' the fairfield , conn . , conglomerate said recently on its website .	" 我们不接受特殊的治疗 , 我们只是像其他公司一样竞争 , " 康纳公平场 " , 最近在其网站上说 。
he faces an investigation in france about allegations he sexually attacked a young novelist in 2003 , and a civil suit in new york by ms . diallo .	2003年 , 他面对法国的一项调查 , 指控他在性侵袭了一名年轻的小说家 , 并且在纽约的一名民事服装了迪拉洛女士 。
results show that the thermal comfort of combined system is the best , and the risk of condensation is lower than that when chilled ceiling panel operates individually .	结果表明 , 结合系统的热舒适性是最好的 , 凝结的风险比填充式天花板操作的时候要低得多 。
at worst , he and his wife would earn about 600 yuan a month ; at the busiest times , when production ran until 2am , they could take home 2 , 100 yuan each .	最糟糕的是 , 他和他的妻子每月收到约600元 ; 在繁忙的时候 , 当产量直到2am之前 , 他们可以每月回家2 , 100元 。
i could throw a few words at you supporting , sharing dreams and aspirations , confiding , loving , compromising but these are just words unless you act upon them .	我可以在你支持、共享梦想和渴望的话 , 信心 , 爱 , 妥协 , 但除非你在他们身上行动的话 , 否则这只是单词 。
napolitano's comments came days after a nigerian man was arrested for igniting a small explosion on a northwest airline flight bound for detroit friday .	纳波利塔诺的评论来了几天 , 尼日利亚人被逮捕在北航空公司的一架小型爆炸 , 星期五在北航空公司飞行界 。
our production team had tried many kinds of " idol " style selection shows in the past , " said jin , who was previously bestknown for his 2007 show " my hero " .	我们的生产团队在过去尝试了许多 " 偶像 " 风格选择秀 , " 金金说 , 他曾经是2007年最著名的 " 我的英雄 " 。
" we view them as very similar things , " says erik , a 28yearold assistant professor , referring to math and art . " they're both creative processes .	" 我们把它们看作非常相似的事情 , " 28岁的助理教授艾里克说 , " 他们都是创造性的过程 。
mr . noda's move raised speculation that he may be trying to show opposition members he is serious about cooperating with them in shaping budget and tax policies .	诺达先生的移动提高了猜测 , 他可能试图展示反对党成员 , 他在形成预算和税收政策中正在严重合作 。
a taper company sends me the sample by there a/c . i did't like the sample then i send the sample to that company by my a/c and he made the same one . now we are doing great business .	一家泰珀公司把我送到那里一个/c的样本 , 我不喜欢样本 , 然后我把样本送到了a/c的样本 , 现在我们正在做好很好的业务 。
to study relations between rrti and blood zinc value of children , blood zinc value of 35 cases of rrti were compared with that of 40 cases of no rrti .	为了研究儿童rti和血锌价值的关系 , 对35例rrti患者的血液锌价值进行了比较 , 对40例无rrti患者的40例进行比较 。
however , after choosing it , the subject would find a silver lining: " with a broken leg , i will be able to lie in bed watching tv , guiltfree .	然而 , 在选择之后 , 这个主题会发现一个银色衬衫: " 用一条破腿 , 我就能在床上看电视 , 无罪 。 "
in this paper , ningbo is used as an object , and detail investigation and re search on present situation of science and technology resources have been done on it .	本文采用宁波作为对象 , 详细的调查和搜索目前科技资源的现状 。
where the losses in a traffic accident are caused intentionally by the driver of a nonmotor vehicle or a pedestrian , the driver of the motor vehicle shall not bear liability .	在交通事故中 , 由非电机车辆的驾驶员或行人驾驶员引起的损失 , 汽车车辆的驾驶员不得承担责任 。
" cashforclunkers " programmes whereby governments subsidise the purchase of a new vehicle to replace old energyinefficient vehicles have been widely used .	" 现金包装商 " 项目 , 因此政府将购买新的车辆来替换旧能源工程车辆 。
this paper deals with the threshold condition of double resonance parametric oscillation when the absorption coefficient of the signal light is different from that of the idling light .	本文讨论了双共振振参数振荡的阈值条件 , 当信号光吸收系数的吸收系数不同于光的时候 , 采用双共振振振振振振振振荡的阈值条件 。
twentyfive years ago , for a chinese person to visit a foreign country or even to visit hong kong , part of our own country , it was very difficult or almost impossible .	二十五年前 , 中国人访问外国 , 甚至访问香港 , 我国的一部分 , 很难或几乎不可能 。
supporters prepare a huge inflatable figure of venezuela's president hugo chavez outside the national assembly building in caracas august 15 , 2007 .	支持者在2007年8月15日在卡拉斯国家集会建筑外准备了大量不平坦的委内瑞拉总统查韦兹 。
the influence of the ratio of alg , w component and porosity upon the resistivity of ag w electro contact material were examined by the computer simulation approach .	利用计算机模拟方法对agw电接触材料的电阻率、w组分和孔度的影响进行了分析 。
it is possessed of delicate and symmetrical appearance and accords with the conventions of chinese traditional decoration and aesthetics , therefore , it is named chinese knot .	根据中国传统装饰与美学公约 , 提出了精致的对称出现和对称出现 。
traffic was snarled in cities from los angeles to washington , d . c . , as antiwar protesters blocked off major intersections , some chaining themselves together .	路透洛杉矶到华盛顿的城市 , 正如反war抗议者阻止了主要的交通 , 一些连锁在一起 。
as a communication interface of a downhole instrument composed of multicomputers , it exchanges commands and data with the data acquisition system through asynchronous serial port .	作为由多个计算机组成的下孔仪器的通信接口 , 它通过异步串行端口交换命令和数据数据采集系统 。
on the other side , the request of microwave communicating system becomes more and more critical to the performance of microwave passive device including coupler , splitter .	另一方面 , 微波通信系统的要求越来越关键于微波传输设备的性能 , 包括coupler、分裂器 。
in xun zi's view of history , the relationship between the saint and the tao not only has logical consistency , but also has a rich and diverse relationships in different historical periods .	在xunzi的历史观 , 圣道与道之间的关系不仅具有逻辑一致性 , 而且在不同历史时期也具有丰富多样的关系 。
this allows chiquita to deliver bananas with the colors requested by the customers , which falls anywhere on a ninepoint scale ranging from green to deep yellow .	这允许chinas安装在用户请求的颜色上传递香蕉 , 这些颜色会在9点尺寸的范围上下降到深黄色的任何地方 。
here , on a site once meant for processing spent nuclear fuel rods , an unusual textiles factory is setting up shop to serve the auto body construction industry .	在这个网站上 , 一旦处理花费核燃料棒 , 一个不寻常的纺织厂正在建立商店来服务汽车建设行业 。
a high degree of reproducibility was also demonstrated . the tcb is a noninvasive , simple and convenient monitoring and screening device for neonatal jaundice .	同时也证明了一种高度的生殖能力 , tcb是一种非侵入性、简单简单、方便的监测和筛选设备 。
a thousand feet underground , the cave of crystals is just one of a series of glittering caverns beneath the chihuahuan desert's naica mountain .	一千英尺的地下 , 水晶洞穴只是一系列闪烁的洞穴之一 , 壳华沙漠的南卡山下面的一系列闪烁的洞穴 。
the kopeck weary performance mainly manifests in the hit probability , before already carried on season in the middle of match kopeck shooting average only then pitiful 36% .	kopeck的性能主要表现为打击概率 , 在赛季中期 , 在比赛kopeck拍摄平均的36%之前 , kopeck的比赛平均表现只有36% 。
since minimal invasive surgery is still “major” surgery , all the usual complications such as heart attack , stroke and even death are rare but possible .	由于最小侵入手术仍然是 " 主要手术 " , 所有的并发症如心脏病、中风、甚至死亡都很少有可能 。
jianjiang , shexian county native during the late ming and early qing dynasties , whose buddhist name is hongren , was a pioneer of xin'an art school .	在明末清初期 , 沈建县土地 , 是新安艺术学校的先驱 , 是新安艺术学院的佛教名字 。
the intellectualized thermoregulation principle of wool fabric finished by nanomicrocapsule is analyzed . the ideal heatabsorbing model is built .	分析了纳米胶囊制备毛织物的知识化热调理原理 , 建立了理想的热吸热模型 。
scientific , procedure , computery , system management , corrective as always and set up the best products for our goal . fulfil the quality procedure to satisfy customers .	科学、程序、计算机、系统管理、校正 , 为我们的目标设置最好的产品 , 满足客户的质量程序 。
sanshandao gold mine is the first hard rock mine carrying out undersea mining in china , which adopts the mechanical upward horizontal slice stopingfilling method with pointed pillars .	三山大黄金矿是我国第一大艰难采矿 , 采用了机械上升水平滑切片停止实施指针柱的机械上升方法 。
all values in a specific column of a database table are encrypted with the same password provided by the user , the same encryption algorithm , and the same cipher mode .	所有数据库表中的特定列中的值都是通过用户提供的相同密码加密的 , 同样加密算法和相同的cipher模式加密 。
pickled the movie , a surf flick by billabong usa featuring 8 worldclass surfers , 8 exotic countries , 1 total wannabe and a jar of pickles .	拍摄这部电影 , 由比尔伯龙美国8个世界级的外国人 , 8个外国人 , 1个万纳比和一个挑选的爵士 。
inverse archshaped bending of curved forms , ridged rear driving cabins on a slightly convex , continuous glass packaging and elegant surrounding the...	针对曲线形式的逆向拱形弯曲 , 在稍微的输送、连续玻璃包装和高雅的周围 。
in this article , the progress of precoated steel for household appliance at baosteel is described . the quality , varieties and problems in the production are also mentioned with suggestions .	本文介绍了宝钢家用预涂钢的进展 , 介绍了生产质量、品种和问题 , 提出了建议 。
futurism , an early twentiethcentury movement in craft , rejected entire institutions and tried to exalt contemporary life by emphasizing the machine and film .	五十世纪早期的工艺运动 , 拒绝整个机构 , 试图通过强调机器和电影来排除当代生活 。
former ministry of labor , " the labor contract system off and notice a number of issues , " the fifth requirement: " the labor contract may provide for the effective time of the contract .	前一部劳动部 , " 劳动合同制度脱离并注意到了许多问题 , " 第五条要求: " 劳动合同可能为合同有效时间提供有效的合同 。
mainly used in communications products , personal digital assistant , watches clocks , all kinds of instruments , office machinery , computer , car audio electric toy products .	主要用于通信产品、个人数字辅助、观看钟、各种仪器、办公机械、电脑、汽车音频玩具产品 。
its original meaning is that the fox borrows the tiger's ferocity to bluster other animals . its extended meaning is to bully people by virtue of somebody's influence .	它的原意思是 , 狐狸借用了老虎的肥胖 , 将其扩展的意思是通过有人影响的美德来欺骗人们 。
objective to investigate the heartprotective effects of compound chinese medicine of tianma gouteng prescription on renal hypertensive rats and to explore its mechanism .	目的探讨天马高血压大鼠复方中药的心脏保护作用 , 探讨其机制 。
dedicated hydroelectric projects are often built to provide the substantial amounts of electricity needed for aluminium electrolytic plants , for example .	经常建立水电工程 , 为铝电解厂需要的电力量提供了大量的实例 。
it is the type of wood used to smoke the tobacco leaves and the amount of smoke exposure that gives firecured tobacco leaves their distinctive flavours .	它是用来吸烟烟叶的木材类型 , 烟叶的烟叶和烟叶的烟雾暴露量 , 使烟叶的烟叶留下了不同的味道 。
among all the modules , we focus on the design of indexer and searcher based on the multilevel partitioning strategy , a novel index partition strategy proposed by us .	在所有模块中 , 我们重点讨论了基于多层分区策略的索引器和搜索器设计 , 提出了一种新的分区策略 。
objective:to study the effects of masticatory movements on the functional activity of brain by comparing the blood flow change before and after rpd restoration of freeend edentia .	目的:探讨胃运动对大脑的功能活动的影响 , 比较前后的血流变化及rpd复苏后的rpd血流变化 。
the stability and global convergence properties analysis of the multivariable generalized predictive poleassignment selftuning control recursive algorithm is presented .	提出了多变量预测极分配自调控制回收算法的稳定性和全局收敛特性 。
the invention relates to a method for manufacturing a flatplate heat tube . the method comprises the following steps: providing an upper cover plate and a lower cover plate ;	本发明涉及一种制造平板热管的方法 , 包括以下步骤:提供上盖板和下盖板 ;
the main buildings in that temple are then daxiong hall , the sutra hall , the clock tower , the in script ion " midnight bells " , the first floor of maple river .	那座寺里的主要建筑是大厦、超级大厅、钟塔、脚本电离 " 午夜钟 " 、地图河的第一层 。
since asphaltic concrete materials are temperature dependent in nature , measured deflections and hence the structural capacity of pavement vary with temperature .	由于沥青混凝土材料具有温度依赖于自然 , 测量的反射 , 因此 , 路面的结构能力与温度不同 。
in 1995 wu li took the strategic goal of shanghai in terms of domestic and international status and role as the basis for devising the rational size of population .	1995年吴丽在国内地位和国际地位的战略目标进行了战略目标 , 作为对人口合理规模的依据 。
the fatty secamines can be directly prepared by the catalytic hydrogenation of the fatty nitriles , using ammonia synthesis gas instead of pure hydrogen .	利用氨基亚合成气代替纯氢 , 可以直接制备脂肪的催化氮 。
also the scholar thinks: itch becoming aware basically is by cuticular derma of the boundary sensory experience with place of shallowlayer skin clump conduct .	同时 , 学者认为 , 它基本上是由于边界感官的边界感觉经验和浅层皮层的闭合实现 。
eventually , the system could use software or hardware to deal with emergencies such as giving an alarm for abnormity , poweroff , stopping charging and stopping discharging and so on .	最后 , 该系统可以使用软件或硬件处理等紧急情况 , 例如给出异常、电源、停止电荷、停止放电等警报 。
taxation is a significant means for accommodating economics , and the arrangement of the tax system and tax administration can influence the development of nonstate enterprises greatly .	税收是适应经济的重要手段 , 税收管理的安排可以大大地影响非稳定企业的发展 。
if the ribbon was severed , the top would burn up in the atmosphere , and the bottom would flutter to the ground " with the force of a sheet of paper , " according to liftport .	根据liftport说 , 如果肋骨被严重的话 , 顶部将会燃烧在大气中 , 底部将飞溅到地面 " 的纸张力量 " 。
the demonstrations come a day before the centreright coalition of chancellor angela merkel is due to discuss the date when germany's nuclear reactors will finally be shut down .	由于德国核反应堆最终关闭的日期 , 德国核反应堆的核反应堆的时候 , 这场演示就来了一天 。
applying the theory of metaphors , familybased moral systems and contemporary american politics to the study of presidential campaign speeches entails dual meanings .	运用隐喻理论、家庭化道德体系和当代美国当代政治对总统竞选演讲的研究具有双重意义 。
insiders pointed out that the two companies will now be entertainment devices sold at much lower profit , expect this market share , and rely on the application of highprofit game to get the benefits .	内部人士指出 , 两家公司现在将在较低的利润下销售 , 预期市场份额 , 依靠高盈利游戏的应用来获得利润 。
dengue , for example , has notoriously emerged as one of the fastest growing disease burdens in the world ; today , cases are reported in many regions formerly free of the disease .	例如 , 变化在全球最快的疾病负担之一 , 今天 , 病例报告在许多以前的疾病免费 。
less than 70% of those with concerns about their periods have ever spoken to a gp , a survey of 600 women aged 1645 for the haemophilia society says .	哈莫菲利亚社会的一项调查显示 , 约70%的受访者中有关他们的时期的关注 , 这项调查显示 , 600名女性在1645岁以上 。
or , you might encounter the task of transforming xml data into xhtml to deliver an attractive , interactive , and usable interface for mobile users and various web browsers .	或者 , 您可能会遇到转换xml数据的任务 , 将xhtml数据转换为xhtml来传递一个吸引性、互动性和可用的接口用于移动用户和各种浏览器 。
like a savvy career counselor or financial planner , the right advisor can help you build a solid foundation as well as steer you through choppy waters once you open your doors .	正确的顾问可以帮助您建立一个坚实的基础 , 以及一旦你打开你的门时 , 就可以把你建立一个坚实的基础 。
" i'd like present you orion . " the orion , billed as the next generation of manned spacecraft , has been de scribed by some nasa engineers as " apollo on steroids " .	" 我想给你带来洋葱 。 " 洋葱 , 把它当作男子太空飞船的下一代 , 已经被一些nasa工程师描述为 " aporoido " 。
working into the wee hours totally disrupts worklife balance , causes you to miss out on time with loved ones , and more often than not , leads you to lose precious hours of sleep .	工作进入网络几个小时完全失去工作平衡 , 导致你失去爱人时的错误 , 而且往往不超过 , 导致你失去怀孕的睡眠时间 。
in kurdish legend , the holiday celebrates the deliverance of the kurds from a tyrant , and it is seen as another way of demonstrating support for the kurdish cause .	在库尔德传奇中 , 节日庆祝了来自一个严肃的库尔德的交付 , 并且它被视为另一条为库尔德兰原因展示支持的方法 。
firstclass passengers get directv for the same price as a glass of champagne — for free — and coach passengers pay $6 to go channel surfing .	第一类旅客可以直接为同样的价格 , 因为自由旅客和教练乘客支付6美元去通道冲浪 。
considering chinese labor is up to 3times more expensive now than places like vietnam , why aren't we making an effort to manufacture in those cheaper countries if we have too ?	考虑中国劳动比越南等地方更昂贵 , 为什么我们也不会努力制造更便宜的国家呢 ?
on the other hand , the suitable reinforced method is selected in comparison with various reinforcement schemes such as injection root pile , nonskid pile , anchor bar and so on .	另一方面 , 选取适当的加固方法 , 比较了注射根桩、非滑桩、锚杆等各种加固方案 。
“the current mood is that his resignation is likely to be accepted but no decision has been made yet , ” an official at the presidential blue house told the financial times .	" 目前的情绪是 , 他的辞职可能很可能被接受但没有决定 , " 总统蓝宫官员告诉金融时代 。
in this paper , multiscale wavelet decomposition and susan operator are synthetically used in image processing , then the locations of feature points are rapidly acquired .	综合利用多尺寸小波分解和苏珊操作符在图像处理中 , 然后快速获得特征点的位置 。
one " bad apple " can spread negative behavior like a virus to bring down officemates or destroy a good team , according to a new study examining conflict in the workplace .	一项 " 坏的苹果 " 可以像病毒一样传播负面行为 , 或者在工作场所的一项新的研究中破坏一个好的团队 。
" it's all about the product development capability , " yoshikazu tanaka , chief executive officer of japan's no . 3 social networking operator , gree inc (	" 这都是关于产品开发能力的 , " 日本第三个社会网络运营商yoshihikazutanaka首席执行官yoshikazutanaka说 。
she also sent photographs of the orphanage and told me about the caregivers , or “mommas , ” as they were called—most of them youngish haitian women with families of their own .	她还派了这张孤儿的照片 , 告诉我关于职业生涯 , 或者 " 妈妈 " , 因为他们被称为 " , 大多数年轻的海地妇女都是他们自己的家庭 。
and here i want to warn all my relatives and people close to me that these services will use all means to trap and try to kill and liquidate me either physically , socially or professionally .	在这里 , 我想警告所有的亲戚和接近我 , 这些服务将使用所有的手段来捕捉并试图杀死和液体 , 社交或专业 。
but attention soon shifted away from the rainforest to issues like climate change and organic agriculture , and now the amazon is disappearing at about the same rate it was in the 1980s .	但是很快 , 关注从雨林转移到气候变化和有机农业等问题 , 现在阿马逊在1980年代就消失了相同的速度 。
the company says it was able to raise such a large round because programmable logic device chips are the most profitable sector in the semiconductor market , with gross margins of 65 percent .	公司表示 , 可以提高这样一个大圆度 , 因为可编程逻辑设备芯片是半导体市场中最有利的一部分 , 占65%的谷歌边缘 。
article 14 the government may require a communications enterprise to take necessary emergency measures for the public interest in the event of natural disasters or emergencies .	第十四条政府可能要求通信企业采取必要的应急措施 , 为自然灾害事件或紧急事件发生公共利益的公共利益 。
instead , he focused on what the company already allows users to do on musician pages on the site via music player applications and the like , many of which come from thirdparty developers .	相反 , 他专注于公司已经允许用户通过音乐播放器应用程序和类似的网站上进行音乐家页面 。
mr . liu found fulltime work as a laborer ; his wife took a part time job and watched over the family’s two children , a daughter and their young son liu jingjun .	刘先生找到了一名劳动员的全职工作 , 他的妻子拿了一份时间工作 , 看着家里的两个孩子 , 一个女儿刘靖俊 。
senior lieutenant colonel tran thanh hang , who is responsible for receiving war memorabilia donated to the museum , said as yet , no one knows who le d . tuan was .	由于受到大战纪念碑捐赠的战争纪念碑的负责 , 然而 , 没有人知道李tuan是谁知道的 。
having one global file to update means less of a headache , just remember to update it when you add or delete a user , then push it out to all boxes again via scp .	有一个全局文件来更新手段 , 只要记住在添加或删除用户时 , 就会将它推出到所有的框中 。
based on the keywords our clients suggested to us , we bought up several keywordrich urls , for anywhere from $100 to $4 , 000 per url .	根据我们的客户建议的关键词 , 我们购买了几个关键词url , 因为任何地方从100美元到400美元的url 。
we have discussed how the custom administrative client receives information from the websphere environment , but how does it in turn push the information to the monitoring tools ?	我们讨论了如何从websphere环境中获得信息 , 但如何将信息推到监控工具 ?
emphases of the paper are on constructing a reasonable data structure and realizing the basic function of solid modeling such as rotation , zoom , pan and section view . etc .	本文重点在构建合理的数据结构 , 实现了固体建模的基本功能 , 如旋转、动物、潘和截面观等 。
phyllis ring , 81 , of fort collins , colorado , watched the speech from her wheelchair in the end zone of denver's invesco football stadium .	科罗拉多 , 81岁的phyllis环 , 81岁的福特科林斯 , 科罗拉多在丹佛投资足球场的最后一个地区看到了她的轮椅演讲 。
one development that wolfram is especially excited about is using wolfram alpha's ability to understand and compute natural language queries in order to create mathematica programs .	特别激动wlfram的一个开发是使用wlframalpha的能力来理解和计算自然语言查询来创建数学程序 。
elisa is a young married lady working on an isolated farm and proud of her skills in growing flowers . one day , she suddenly feels a desire to communicate with .	伊丽莎是一位年轻的婚姻女士 , 工作在一个孤立的农场和自豪的技能成长 , 一天 , 她突然感觉到要与之交流的欲望 。
volunteer mentors are expected to spend 6090 minutes a week helping newcomers on work culture , contacts , writing applications and learning about professional associations .	志愿者指导者预计每周在工作文化、联系、写作应用程序、学习专业协会上花6090分钟 。
it has mobilized 11 air force planes , four navy vessels with divers and a tanker for the retrieval operation that jobim said was being carried out in a 120mile radius .	它已经移动了11架空军飞机 , 四艘海军舰和一艘船舶的检索工作人员说 , 工作者正在在在120英里的半径中执行 。
caracas , venezuela – a plane carrying 51 people crashed monday in eastern venezuela , and officials said 33 survived while at least 14 were killed .	委内瑞拉 , 委内瑞拉 , 一架飞机在东部委内瑞拉爆炸 , 官员称 , 33人死亡 , 至少14人死亡 。
a breakdown of the numbers by country reveals authorities are seeking 7590 chinese , 5050 americans , 4020 malaysians and 3470 british .	据国家公布的一次破产显示当局正在寻求7590名中国、50名美国人、4020名马来西亚人和3470名英国人 。
good looks can slay a woman's chances of snaring jobs considered " manly , " along to a learn along the university of colorado denver business school .	好看起来 , 一个女人看起来很好的机会被认为是 " 男人 " , 沿着科罗拉多丹佛商学院学习 。
andrea pirlo had an early freekick charged down by the defensive wall while clarence seedorf and cresp both had halfchances as sampdoria massed in defence .	安德雷亚·皮罗早期被防御墙所带来的一次自由克里斯·塞多夫和克莱斯普都在防守中受到了一半的机会 。
the human infections of diphyllobothrium latum , toxocara canis , and triodontophorus minor discovered by lin from beijing were the first records in the country .	北京地区的二磷生物乳腺、毒性糖和三磷小鼠发现的人类感染是第一记录 。
britain's prince william will marry his longtime girlfriend kate middleton in 2012 , on the eve of the london olympics , the news of the world reported sunday .	2012年 , 英国王子威廉王子将在伦敦奥运会上结婚他的长期女朋友凯特·米德尔顿 , 星期日报道 。
when a user's mail file is set to use the inotes6 . ntf template , it inherits all the design elements in this template and also inherits the reference to the shared forms file .	当用户的邮件文件设置使用inotes6.ntf模板时 , 它继承了这个模板中的所有设计元素 , 也继承了共享形式文件的参考 。
however , phenolic plastic prepared with twostep method is mostly cured with htma and this curing process will release ammonia from htma , which will corrode the copper or brass parts .	然而 , 用双步法制备的酚塑料主要是用htma法处理 , 这种处理过程将从htma释放出氨基 , 这将使铜或铜部件腐蚀 。
clapper rails in particular are highly dependent on the marshes—including fiddler crabs , a dietary staple—and they'll have nowhere to go if the oil arrives .	特别是攀登铁路的高度依赖于火箭 , 包括火箭 , 一个饮食稳定 , 现在他们将在石油到达的情况下去 。
“the government says everything is fine , ” said aleksandra volgina , 31 , the leader of candle , a russian aids organization based in st . petersburg .	" 政府说所有东西都是很好的 , " 31岁的阿莱克萨拉·沃吉纳说 , 俄罗斯援助组织是基于圣彼得堡的圣彼得斯堡的 。
“we have discovered that no class of drugs had been spared , ” said aline plançon , the head of interpol’s counterfeit drug department . “it’s not just primary medicines .	" 我们已经发现 , 没有一类药物被撕裂了 。 " 中药副司长阿琳·普朗说 , " 这不仅仅是主要药物 。 "
the mycelium biomass of trichoderma koniggi tr6 and saccharomyces cerevisiae cb2 were found to has a good linear relation with the content of ergosterine .	发现三甲状腺瘤tr6和神经切除术cb2的神经生物量与ergosterine的含量有良好的线性关系 。
to determine the rate of cd4 testing completion , we reviewed the records of all clinic patients who tested positive for hiv between january 2008 and february 2009 .	为了确定cd4测试完成率 , 我们回顾了2008年1月至2009年2月间测试艾滋病毒的所有临床病人记录 。
taking an accurate census in china is a difficult task with the millions of migrant workers who've left their official addresses in the countryside for opportunities in the cities .	采取精确的审查 , 是在我国的数百万名移民工人 , 他们在城市的机会中留下了官方地址 。
based on the communication control system of metro vehicles in shenzhen metro phase 1 , this paper presents the realization principle and the application method in actual operation of trb mode .	基于深圳市地铁车辆通信控制系统 , 提出了深圳市地铁车辆的实际实际运行原理和应用方法 。
the improved malachite green method utilizes the malachite green dye and molybdate , which forms a stable colored complex specifically with inorganic phosphate .	改进的malachite绿色法利用马来石灰染料和溶剂 , 形成了一种稳定的色泽复杂的无机磷酸盐 。
the total length of 80page paper , over 120 doctorate awarded by the school committee determined to be plagiarism , twothirds did not indicate the bibliography .	80页的论文总长度 , 超过120名学校委员会授予的120多名医生决定是平等主义 , 三分之二并没有表示这本书 。
children fathered by older men are likely to be less intelligent than the offspring of younger dads , australian and us scientists have found in a report published yesterday .	澳大利亚和美国科学家昨天在一份报告发布的报告中发现 , 那些年轻的爸爸、澳大利亚和美国的孩子可能比去年的孩子更少 。
apply the established evaluation criteria number system to research the ride feature of wmtc test cycle and the difference with ftp , ece etc emission test cycle .	应用该系统的建立评价标准 , 研究了wmtc测试周期的骑行特点及ftp、ece排放测试周期的差异 。
eileen chang' s original is possessed of female narrative , it is decided by the writer' s sex and demonstrates that female deconstruct masculinist .	艾琳·张的原本有女性叙事 , 它由作家的性别决定 , 并证明女性解剖质量主义 。
the mechanism , parameter design and application of a new type of high frequency electromagnetic antiscaling equipment based on frequency scanning technique are discussed .	讨论了一种基于频率扫描技术的高频电磁反规范设备的机理、参数设计和应用 。
as a source , we can find the clear humanism moulage from baixianyong's personal life experience , religious emotion and the influence over chinese and foreign literature legacy .	作为一个来源 , 我们可以发现白建永个人生活经验、宗教情感和对中国文学遗产的影响 。
radiographic examination in experimental group showed much callus than that in control group . after 4 weeks , gross observation showed large amount of new bone trabeculae in two groups .	实验组的放射性检查显示 , 在4周之后 , 两组新骨轨道狭窄大量的观察显示 , 放射性检查结果显示 , 与对照组有关 。
" all the foul stuff from the latrines and all the rubbish thrown down the chute accumulate and compost , as in a septic tank , " wallacehadrill said .	沃拉斯哈德里尔说: " 所有的毛绒都从拉里斯和所有的橡胶扔下了切片积累和复合物 , 就像在一个隔离罐里的一样 。 "
the 50 l novel bioreactor named as fus 50l was designed and the data acquisition system for both pilot and production scales was developed according to the proposed principle .	根据本原理 , 设计了50l作为fus50l的l小说生物反应器 , 研制了飞行员和生产规模的数据采集系统 。
intake was calculated using the nutrition data system for research version 2007 , and consumption was monitored using diet diaries and by measuring the weights of the returned pistachios .	利用2007年的研究版本的营养数据系统进行计算 , 利用饮食糖尿病监测消费 , 并通过测量回归pistachios的重量 。
other universal banks have much lower shares , according to data from scorpio partnership , a consultancy , with private banking at hsbc making up only 6 percent of profit .	根据scorpio伙伴关系的数据 , 其他通用银行的股票比较低 , 私人银行仅占hsbc利润的6% 。
according to popsugar , we will get to see john mayer and jennifer aniston walk the red carpet together at the oscars this sunday , february 22nd .	据流行的说法 , 我们将于星期天在奥斯卡举行约翰市长和安妮弗·安妮弗·安妮斯坦一起走过红地毯 , 星期二2月22日 。
then the two corresponding communicational tendencies , highcontext and lowcontext communications , are put forward , which exert great influence on interpreting activity .	然后提出了两种相应的沟通倾向、上下下下文通信 , 对解释活动产生了很大的影响 。
piano and cello are given equal roles in the sonata in a , a break with the 18thcentury format of a piano sonata accompanied by an instrumental obbligato .	钢琴和cello在sonata中扮演平等的角色 , 与18世纪的钢琴sonata格式相同 。
brilliant , iconoclastic , and witty , he had won election in traditionally republican arizona and had succeeded as an activist , progressive governor .	他在传统的共和党亚利桑那赢得了选举 , 成功成为一个活跃主义、进步的州长 。
koller was impressed , thought it likely to be useful in eye operations and two months later tried it out , first on animals and then on his own eyes with complete success .	koller被印象深刻 , 认为在眼睛操作中可能有用 , 两个月后就试图出来 , 首先在动物上 , 然后再用自己的眼睛完全成功 。
the diagnostic value of p300 in diabetic encephalopathy was evaluated . methods erp were tested in 50 type 2 diabetic patients and 30 healthy control group .	评价糖尿病脑病患者p300的诊断价值 , 方法在50型糖尿病患者和30例健康对照组 。
thus it threw shadows of these obscure and homely figures every evening with as much care over each contour as if it had been the profile of a court beauty on a palace wall ;	因此 , 每天晚上都会把这些障碍的影子扔进去 , 就像是在宫殿墙上的一个法庭美丽的概念 。
by analyzing the basic characteristics of nonvesseloperating carrier , the paper confers its identification and its limitation of liability for maritime claims and its lien on cargo and so on .	通过对非开发载体的基本特点分析 , 阐述了其对海洋索赔的识别和限制及其在货物上存在的限制 。
when i went with my second brother to ahmedabad , some enthusiastic friend of mine took me by surprise by printing and publishing it and sending me a copy .	当我和我的第二个兄弟去阿哈姆·贝达时 , 我的一些热情朋友通过印刷和发表版本来感到惊讶 。
when an enterprise submits an enterprise income tax return , the financial statements and other related materials shall be attached in accordance with the related provisions .	当企业提交企业收入税后 , 金融声明和其它相关材料应依照相关规定附加 。
these indicate that hd is closely related to cmv infection . cmv infection may be an important teratological factor of some congenital malformations including hd .	这些表明 , hd与cmv感染密切相关 , cmv感染可能是一些先天性疟疾的重要地理因素 。
several studies have shown that low and middle level executives show many stress symptoms , like ulcers , high blood pressure , tension , burnout and so on .	几项研究表明 , 低和中级执行官显示了许多应激症状 , 如溃疡、高血压、张力、突破等 。
california natural chicken & brown rice dry cat and kitten food is made with only five pure & simple ingredients to meet the needs of your special cat .	加利福尼亚自然鸡肉和棕米干猫和厨房食品只有五个纯纯纯纯纯纯纯纯的成分 , 满足特殊猫的需求 。
this piece nominated the award of berlin jin xiong 1999 , but defeated the red of " of american excellent movie with powerful actual strength finally cautionary " .	这张作品提名了柏林金祥1999年的奖项 , 但打败了 " 美国优秀电影 " 的红色 , 最后有力的实际强度 。
preliminary computations indicate that the model demonstrate rather higher skill of predictions , it shows perspective of realizable approach to forecast shortterm regional climate .	初步计算表明 , 该模型具有较高的预测技能 , 具有可实现的方法 , 预测短期区域气候 。
the antiwar groundswell brought out thousands of counter demonstrators , including 2 , 000 who gathered outside the state capitol in mississippi .	抗war地壳带来了数千名反击示威者 , 其中包括2 , 000名在密西西西西比州的卡普托尔外面聚集 。
the shandong provincial quality control and inspecting center for bearings is located in the factory taking up the task of quality inspecting and arbitrament of the province's bearing products .	山东省质量控制和检查中心位于工厂以质量检查和质量检查为核心的任务为中心 。
the full text of the treaty to be enshrined in the egyptian hieroglyphs temple of karnak at thebes and the temple of ramses the wall .	本条约的完整文本是在埃及的层次层次的卡尔诺克寺和拉姆斯的寺庙中英语 。
according to the design of spillway dam on arch dam in wanjiagou reservoir , this paper elaborates special problems and solving method of spillway dam in design and construction .	根据wanjiagou水库拱坝的设计 , 阐述了在设计和施工中的特殊问题和解决方法 。
credible dynamic parameters of dam materials obtained from indoor tests are the key to the accuracy of dynamical analysis for earthrock dam .	室内试验得到的坝材料的可信动力学参数是地震岩坝动力学分析精度的关键 。
still , i haven't yet had enough experience to determine if the android market is an adequate substitute for the apple app store , or to explore many of the features and apps .	然而 , 我还没有足够的经验来确定安德罗id市场是否适合苹果公司的一个充分替换 , 或者探讨许多特点和应用程序 。
the paper has studied into the hydraulic system of two cylinders synchronization and accurate orientation , then designed the synchronized system that could meet the requirement .	研究了两个圆柱同步和准确定向的液压系统 , 然后设计了满足要求的同步系统 。
the index's annualized growth rate remained unchanged at negative 23 . 9 percent , with the previous week's figure revised higher from negative 24 . 1 percent .	指数年增长率仍然不变 , 上周的数字从负面24.1%修改了更高的负面增长率 。
applied to cotton , linen , silk , wool , cashmere , synthetic fiber , blended , underwear and infants , and other types of clothing and cleaning .	适用于棉、麻、丝、羊毛、羊毛、合成纤维、混合、下衣和婴儿等类型的服装和清洁 。
finally , an organization framework of multiscale spatiotemporal data is proposed to facilitate the data access based on the characteristic of multispatialscale data .	最后 , 提出了一种基于多空间尺度数据的组织框架 , 以提高基于多空间尺度数据的数据访问 。
in order to search and solve the adsl line fault when the user accesses the net , we introduce one kind adsl fault detect i ng instrument in this thesis .	为了寻找和解决adsl线故障时 , 我们引入了一个adsl故障检测我在本论文中的ng仪器 。
after the equilibrium of fast exchange process is reached , the slow exchange process can be treated as pseudosingle exchange center system by means of the differential kinetic equation .	经过快速交换过程平衡后 , 通过微分动力学方程 , 可作为假交换中心系统的缓慢交换过程 。
the topography is from digital elevation data collected by the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite .	地形是由美国航天卫星上先进的太空热排放和反射辐射辐射器收集的数字高级数据 。
the invention discloses a shutter type environmental wind guiding device of an air cooling island of a power plant , belonging to the technical field of energy power .	本发明公开了一种关闭型环境风导航设备的电力厂冷却岛 , 属于能源电力技术领域 。
hehui is a kind of temporary mutual aid of old times to circulate necessary funds . it was always organized among the kin's and neighborhood .	海徽是一种老时代的互助援助来循环必要的基金 , 它总是是组织在金刚和邻居之间 。
objective:to investigate the surgical indications , operational methods and clinical applications of modified hysterectomy within the tunica vaginalis by using celioscope .	目的:利用脑镜观察改性腹腔切除术、手术方法及临床应用 。
under root's guidance , the renamed colt patent firearms manufacturing company hired talented mechanics and engineers who continued the innovations colt had begun .	在根本指导下 , 名为 " 专利防火 " 的公司雇佣了人才的机械和工程师 , 继续创新的领域开始 。
the 19ye arold is a regular for his country's under20 te am and was a key performer in liverpool's second string landing the le ague title last season .	19岁的阿罗德是他在20个球队下的一个常规 , 他是利物浦第二个球队的关键表演员 , 上赛季是利物浦的第二个球员 。
the tundra extends endlessly , all leached out colours , smudgy greens and browns , merging with the sky into a distant greyblue nothingness .	树枝无尽地延伸 , 所有的叶子都浸出了颜色 , 吸烟着绿色和棕色 , 与天空融合到遥远的灰色没有什么东西 。
the gymnasium complex is part of the massive sports facilities that were built by the chinese for the 2008 summer olympic games in beijing and surrounding areas .	体育馆复合是2008年中国在北京和周围地区建造的大型体育设施的一部分 。
but mr . khan was vexed by the striking inequalities — the new hummers cruising by endless shantytowns — and the growing rumblings of tribal politics .	但是 , 韩先生受到不平等的冲击----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
the u . n . 's food security analysis unit and a famine warning project known as fewsnet say the famine in southern somalia is growing worse .	美国的食品安全分析单位和一个名为somalia的饥荒警告项目说 , 南索马里亚的饥荒越来越糟糕 。
the focus on a reduced footprint implementation of eobject is also noteworthy , with some clients using it to achieve more than 60percent reduction in footprint .	关注eobject的脚印实现也值得注意 , 一些客户使用它来实现60%的脚印减少 。
glaciers in the french alps have lost a quarter of their area in the past four decades , according to research by scientists at the university of savoie , the bbc said .	bbc说 , 法国阿尔卑斯的冰川在过去四十年内失去了四分之一的地区 。
knowing the basics of populations , sampling , and statistical significance will help you to understand what's possible , and to better understand and interpret what the results mean .	了解人口、采样、统计意义和统计意义的基本意义 , 可以帮助你理解什么可能 , 更好地理解结果意义 。
german crown prince . the son of emperor william ii , he commanded troops in the battle of verdun and renounced the crown at the close of world war i .	德国冠王子 。 王子威廉二世 , 他命令军队在维登战斗中 , 并在我接近的世界大战时宣布冠军 。
web page has to show a large number of realtime data in computeruser interface of a bridge health monitoring system based on b/s model , result in frequently updating pages .	web页面必须在基于b/s模型的桥梁卫生监测系统中显示大量实时数据 , 从而导致更新页面 。
the new site concrete exposed surfaces , timely with plastic and heat preservation material covered in ( hscmt condition maintenance , concrete shall not watering .	新型的网站混凝土表面 , 随着塑料和保温材料覆盖 , ( hscmt条件维护 , 混凝土不得水 。
on 9/2/02 in our local paper , there was an article by tony pugh of the knightridder newspapers entitled " doctors closing the door to drug salespeople . "	在本地论文的9/2/02中 , 有一篇文章由昆特里德里德的报纸《医生关闭药品销售者》的托尼·普拉图 。
our former striker mikael forssell reminded us what he can do inside the opening quarter of an hour , and bruce was delighted to have him back leading the birmingham line .	我们前的前锋米卡尔·福塞尔提醒我们可以在开放的一小时内做什么 , 布鲁斯很高兴把他带回了绑架汉姆线 。
the press takes use of advanced twoway cartridge valve system and imported electric pump technology which can realize double closed loop control of pressure and flow rate .	新闻采用先进的二路卡车阀系统 , 进口的电泵泵技术 , 实现双闭环控制压力和流速控制 。
design and configuration process about the control system of a mechanical arm are introduced based on mcgs configuration software and siemens s7 200 series programmable logic controller ;	介绍了一种基于mcgs配置软件和siemensssssss7200系列可编程逻辑控制器的机械臂控制系统的设计和配置过程 。
insulin secretion from the beta cells in the part of the pancreas called the islets of langerhan is a complicated process , which if it fails to work properly induces diabetes .	胰岛素分泌从胰腺细胞中分泌 , 称为lngerhan的缺点是复杂的过程 , 如果不能正确地引起糖尿病 。
grand buddha at ling shan the grand buddha at ling shan situated in the small ling shan area in the south of the maji mountain , wuxi , jiangsu province .	玲玲山大佛在岭山坐落在岭山南小岭岭山地区 , 武西 , 江苏省乌西 。
that is why i select " citizenship education in american schools " as my research field . both the research methods of literature gathering and comparing have been adopted in the thesis .	这就是为什么我选择 " 美国学校公民教育 " 作为我研究领域的原因 , 文献收集和比较的研究方法都采用了 。
on christmas day , the miami heat and dwyane wade will take on the cleveland cavaliers and lebron james in a matchup of two of the best young players in the league .	在圣诞节 , 迈阿密热和戴维亚威德将在克莱夫兰骑士和莱布朗詹姆斯在联赛两名年轻球员的比赛中获得比赛 。
this is why web designers , and their close cousins , banner , header and footer designers , can charge up to $50 for one good web page header , and more for a complete set .	这就是为什么web设计师和他们的密切的线索 , 禁止器 , 头部和四部设计师 , 可以为一个好的网页头负责50美元 , 更多的完整设置 。
the paper got across the study about isokinetic technique applying conditions and resolving problem , and provided reference which can made isokinetic technique apply in martial art .	文章通过对运用条件和解决问题的研究 , 提出了解决方法 , 给出了适用于武术艺术中的语音技术的参考 。
currently , the value of human capital in enterprises is mostly measured from accounting perspective , and the specialized in assessment of management humancapital is rare .	目前 , 企业人力资本的价值主要是从会计角度测量 , 专门评估人力资本的管理价值很少 。
the algorithm presented in this paper incorporates the trust region method into the restricted simplicial decomposition algorithm to solve the master problem of rsd .	本文将信任区域法融合到限制简单的分解算法 , 解决rsd的主题问题 。
portsmouth are the cook islands , or whatever pacific islands are most threatened by global warming . they are sinking fast , soon to disappear without trace .	波特茅斯是咖啡岛 , 或者太平洋岛最受全球变暖的威胁 。 他们在快速的时候 , 很快就消失了痕迹 。
shenzhen yirui electronic technology co . , ltd . is a professional led manufacturer in r&d , production , sales and services which founded in 2006 .	深圳yirui电子技术有限公司是一家专业led制造商 , 是2006年成立的研发、生产、销售和服务 。
rio ferdinand will miss middlesbrough's visit to old trafford on monday after suffering a back spasm in the warmup at the britannia stadium .	里奥·费迪南德将于星期一在布里特尼亚体育场遭遇后 , 里奥·费德林德将错过中场访问老特拉福德 。
van gogh painted 'patch of grass' in 1887 in paris and it hangs in the krollermuller museum in the dutch eastern city of otterlo .	范戈格在1887年在巴黎绘制了 " 草地 " , 并在荷兰东部奥特罗市的克罗勒默勒博物馆里挂在了它 。
the goal of this study was to determine the acute effects of decaffeinated coffee , chlorogenic acid , and trigonelline on glucose tolerance in 15 overweight men .	本研究的目的是确定15个过重男性的葡萄糖耐受性和氯酸的急性效应 。
from a practical viewpoint , consumers value poultry welfare , so better market access may be obtained by producers who ensure good welfare in their flocks .	从实际的角度来看 , 消费者价值流行福利 , 因此更好的市场访问可能是由于制造商确保他们的货架上好的福利 。
mr . greenspan maintains that the development of china and other factors fostered low rates around the globe and not just in the u . s . contributing to a housing boom that was worldwide .	格林斯潘先生保持 , 中国的发展和其他因素在全球范围内的低速度 , 不仅仅在美国的房地产增长 , 而且在全球范围内的房地产增长 。
based on an analysis of industrial cluster this paper defines the industrial cluster a new kind of organization mode of spatial economy that is different from market and hierarchy system .	根据工业集群的分析 , 定义了工业集群产业集群的一种新型空间经济体系 , 不同于市场和层次化体系 。
now folds the lily all her sweetness up , and slips into the bosom of the lake: so fold thyself , my dearest , thou , and slip into my bosom and be lost in me .	现在 , 把莉莉一切的甜点折叠起来 , 滑进湖里的大雾里:那么折叠你自己 , 我最亲爱的、最亲爱的、滑到我的身边 , 丢在我身边 。
thus mr specter’s move will both increase mr obama’s chances of getting his domestic agenda through congress and boost his ability to put liberals in the courts .	因此 , 观众的移动都会增加奥巴马先生通过国会获得自己的国内议程机会 , 提高他的能力在法庭中放弃自由主义 。
this year xinran arranged for me to meet a maker of paper lanterns who had the same thing happen to him during a more recent clearance round nanjing’s confucius temple .	今年 , 新疆安排了我去见面一家纸灯制造商 , 他们在最近一轮南京的儒家庙里发生了同样的事情 。
those beautiful promises , those sweet smiles on the photos , which are as warm as the sunshine , in turn slowly freeze the curve in the middle of my right hand .	那些美丽的承诺 , 那些甜美的笑容 , 这就像阳光一样温暖 , 慢慢慢地冻结了我的右手中间的曲线 。
priority reverse is a kind of phenomenon that the higher priority task is blocked by the lower priority task since they are using the same share sources in real time system .	优先的反向是一种现象 , 因为它们在实时系统中使用相同的股票源 , 高优先任务被阻塞 。
by the model , the contour error vectors were computed with tool position points from the interpolator of computer numerical control and position tracking errors of servo systems .	通过模型 , 利用计算机数控控制和位置跟踪伺服系统的工具位置点计算了轮廓误差矢量 。
it realized rational general layout in narrow area by making use of abandoned excavated materials and overall construction site allocation in longtan hydropower station .	通过利用废弃挖掘材料和整体建筑站在龙潭水力站分配 , 实现了狭窄地区的一般布局 。
strengthen the practice teaching , pay attention to the thought and the capacity of innovation of the students culturing , and it gets manifest achievement .	加强实践教学 , 重视学生培养的思想和创新能力 , 得到了显著的成就 。
these temperature shifts are heavily influenced by entirely natural ocean cycle fluctuations that affect heat transfer patterns from the tropics .	这些温度变化严重影响了海洋周期波动 , 影响热带的传热模式 。
wang fuzhi's interpretation undoubtedly degraded zhuang zi's xiaoyao from the realm of heaven and earth to confucian humanity concernment .	王福志的解释毫无疑问地从天地和地球到儒家人类关注的时候 , 无疑降解张子的小姚 。
these greater concentrations have the unfortunate side effect of making blue tiberium highly volatile and explosive , making harvesting the crystals extremely dangerous .	这些更大的浓度对制造蓝钛高挥发和爆炸产生了不幸的副作用 , 使得水晶极为危险 。
the company handles image processing for other wedding photographers and also teaches them to use lightroom 2 efficiently so they can save time and money processing smaller jobs themselves .	公司处理了其他婚礼摄影师的图像处理 , 同时也教导他们使用光室2 , 这样他们可以节省时间和资金处理更小的工作 。
the prescription of the tissue culture of petunie hybrida and the dna level of phenotypic variation seed lings produced by tissue were discussed .	讨论了ptunie混合体的组织培养及组织产生的dna水平 。
its university , founded in 575 , was a noted center for the study of theology , science , and medicine in the 7th and 8th centuries . population , 04 , 2' .	它的大学成立于575年 , 是一家注意到理论、科学和医学的研究中心 。 7世纪和8世纪 。 人口04 , 2' 。
a phase i clinical trial has shown that miv210 administered to healthy volunteers has a very good oral bioavailability and achieves high blood plasma levels .	我的临床试验表明 , 米夫-210在健康志愿者中管理的mv-210对健康志愿者具有很好的口服生物可用性 , 实现高血浆水平 。
the correlation of ratooning rate to the yield relating characters of main crop and ratoon crop in rice was studied with 30 different types of rice varieties and hybrids .	用30种不同类型的稻米品种和混合物 , 研究了大米主要作物产量与ratoon作物的相关性 。
local codimension two bifurcation of maps , associated with hopfpitchfork case , is analyzed using the center manifold theorem and normal form method of maps .	利用中心表现定理和地图正常形式分析了地图的局部编码两个分布 , 与hopffitchfork案例相关 。
bank staff involved in indonesia’s tsunami recovery say governmentled plan , communitybased reconstruction are critical in natural disaster response .	印尼海啸恢复的银行员工表示 , 基于社区的重建是关键的自然灾难反应 。
“he was my only son , ” said ma xiangqian’s father , ma zishan , a struggling farmer of landscape plants and trees grown for use in the bustling cities .	" 他是我唯一的儿子 , " 马湘建的父亲马西安说 , 是一家艰苦的景观植物和树木生长在繁忙的城市里 。
use the index or primary key field to select the key columns that the q apply program uses to identify replicated rows and correctly order transactions .	使用指数或主要关键字段来选择q应用程序使用来识别复制行和正确的顺序交换的关键列 。
but the great souls having taken refuge of the divine nature , o arjuna , render devotional service unto me with undeviated mind knowing me as the imperishable origin of all creation .	但是 , 对于我来说 , 神圣自然的伟大灵魂 , 奥贾纳 , 对我来说 , 无偏离的心灵知道我是不可缺乏创造的原因 。
late at night , the international atomic energy agency announced that japan had added a third plant to the list because radiation had been detected outside its walls .	晚些时候 , 国际原子能源机构宣布 , 日本已经增加了第三个植物 , 因为辐射在墙外被检测到 。
he proposed " the situation " is not only thinking of the late ming zun situation of an important stage in development , but also of his literary activities of the theoretical basis .	他提出了 " 现状 " , 不仅是思考明迅后期发展的重要阶段 , 也是他对理论基础的文学活动的重要阶段 。
yanov chomsky pointed out that the diversification of gas supply also increased , which will enable the implementation of natural gas exports have become more flexible .	雅诺夫chomsky指出 , 天然气出口的多样化也增加 , 使天然气出口的实现变得更灵活 。
although the traditional is easy for installation and operation , but because of the limited capacity , it can not satisfy the requirement of large scale foam project .	虽然传统的安装和操作方便 , 但由于有限的能力 , 但不能满足大规模泡沫项目的要求 。
instead of letting his star player force a move , ferguson reminded rooney who was boss a lesson learned long ago by cantona , roy keane and david beckham .	弗格森提醒罗尼 , 他的明星球员很久以前在坎顿、罗伊·凯恩和戴维·贝克汉姆学到了一个教训 。
as for john f . and robert f . kennedy — the story ends in 1969 , and teddy is nowhere to be seen — the kennedys presents them as men of deep integrity .	至于约翰f.androbertf.肯尼迪在1969年结束了故事 , 泰迪现在正在看到 , 肯尼迪人把他们当作深刻的完整性男人 。
jesus offered himself as a sacrificial being before heaven for the sake of the one will , without pursuing his own happiness but for the benefit of humankind on the earth .	耶稣在天堂之前 , 作为牺牲者 , 无需追求自己的幸福 , 却为地球人类的利益提供了牺牲 。
then , can social responsibility help increase customers'satisfaction ? if so , what is the mechanism and how important is it ? this research is to answer these questions .	然后 , 社会责任可以帮助增加客户的满意度 ? 如果这样 , 那么 , 机制是怎样的 , 这个研究是如何回答这些问题呢 ?
litchfield said that he warned oracle of the problem in november , hoping that the company would fix the flaw when it issued a group of quarterly security patches in january .	利切菲尔德说 , 他在11月警告了这个问题的问题 , 希望该公司在1月发布了一组四分之一的安全补贴时 , 将会修复这个错误 。
a bit . instead of a few hundred thousand , as he initially suggested , the gateses are going with 10% of their wealth . so . . . more like hundreds of millions .	几百万 , 因为他最初建议 , 盖茨将会拥有10%的财富 。 因此 , 更像数百万 。
hugh hefner , the 84yearold " playboy " magazine founder , said he is considering marrying girlfriend crystal harris , aged 24 , the us media reported .	美国媒体报道 , 84岁的 " 玩家 " 杂志创始人hghhhhhefner表示 , 他正在考虑结婚女朋友结婚的婚婚婚婚婚婚婚姻哈里斯 。
after constructing the model of motion of the target and the kinetic kill vehicle , constraints of interception were analyzed and the computing method of orbit transfer was also derived .	通过建立目标运动模型和动力杀死车辆的动力学模型 , 分析了拦截约束 , 推导了轨道转移的计算方法 。
jinan is also famous for the spring city . the abundant groundwater of mount tai flows down the north , spews in the urban areas and forms numerous springs .	济南也是春城的著名 , 山地水大量的太阳流下北 , 城市地区的喷雾 , 形成了许多春天 。
twoeyes , however , made them welcome , and was kind to them , and took care of them , so that they both with all their hearts repented the evil that they had done their sister in their youth .	然而 , 两眼 , 让他们欢迎他们 , 是好的 , 照顾他们 , 所以他们都与他们的心中都表示他们在青少年做过的妹妹们的邪恶 。
people believe that the number is useful when they are in danger,such as in the valley or in the mountain area . even through the signal is very bad , the police could know where you are .	人们相信 , 当他们在危险的时候 , 就像山谷或山区一样有用 , 甚至穿过信号很糟糕 , 警察可以知道你在哪里 。
in day after day to repeat life , we use own small head fit many concept , significance , formula... but that is filled with pain and tears behind too much fun and laughter .	白天再次重复生活 , 我们用自己的小头适合许多概念 , 意义 , 公式...但这里充满了痛苦和泪水 。
the point , buffett repeats in all his appearances in china , is that by quitting stanford and trying to make a go of it in music , he was doing the same thing his father did .	巴菲特在中国所有的出现都重复出现在中国 , 是通过辞职斯坦福德 , 试图在音乐里做出同样的事 , 他正在做同样的事情 。
the values may be different depending on the manufacturer of the wire and the ambient temperature , so we recommend you recalculate the values based on your particular requirements .	根据电线的制造商和室内温度的不同 , 因此 , 我们建议基于您的特定要求来计算您的价值 。
the smoke screen that may absorb and scatter infrared , heavily attenuates energy of guidance head , and then will reduce the probability of missile shooting .	吸收和散射红外的吸收屏幕 , 严重的引导头能量 , 然后降低导弹射击的概率 。
this paper is focus on small set character recognition . based on skeleton graphics , handwriting chinese character is defined as a set of isolated branch , isolated loop and component . relation...	本文重点讨论了基于骨骼图、手写汉字作为一组孤立分支、分离循环和组件之间的关系 。
he is seen as an important figure who made great contribution to modern art , a pioneer on the path of painting practice , and a pilot due to his intelligent painting theory .	他被视为现代艺术作品的重要人物 , 是由于他的智能绘画理论引起的先驱人物 , 是现代艺术的重要人物 。
wang yuquan , a chief consultant at frost and sullivan in beijing , told ap that the announcement is a subtle warning to skype not to grow too large .	北京佛罗斯特和苏利凡首席顾问王玉泉告诉ap说 , 宣布是一个微妙的警告 , 不要太大 。
instead , while hong kong is feeling the heat of competition from china , its economy is thriving having just experienced its fastest three years of growth since the late 1980s .	相反 , 香港正在感受到中国竞争的热量 , 它的经济正在激烈 , 自1980年代末以来最快的三年增长 。
this paper discusses causation and preventing measure of settlement difference in high and low stride building , and points out characteristic and feasibility to use cincture constructing later .	本文讨论了高、低边建筑中沉降差异的原因及预防措施 , 指出了利用粘结建筑的特点和可行性 。
'i don't see anything changing in the next two or three years , ' said john deal , a 50yearold individual investor who works in walnut creek , calif .	" 我看不到未来两年或三年的变化 , " 加州沃尔尼特·克里克的50岁的个人投资者约翰·交易说 。
he is the greatest teacher i have ever seen . he is able , without visible effort , to make a lecture to students seem like an intimate , socratic dialogue .	他是我曾经看过的最伟大的老师 , 他是能力 , 没有可见的努力 , 让学生们的讲座似乎像一个简单的、社会对话一样 。
scream 4 offers little more than a group of familiar characters wandering around a horror movie setting and uttering selfreferential oneliners as the body count mounts .	scream4提供了一组熟悉的角色在恐怖电影设置和把自我参考的单线程作为身体数量的单线程 。
another problem with the statement that the more televised governmental proceedings , the better , is that it assumes that people actually watch the proceedings when they are broadcast .	另外一个问题是 , 越来越多的电视政府的进步 , 更好的是 , 人们认为在广播时 , 人们实际上观察到的进步 。
until 24 february , when the us air force awarded the kcx contest to boeing , eads appeared to have a strong chance of parking its tanker on boeing's lawn .	直到2月24日 , 当美国空军获得了kcx竞赛的时候 , 埃德斯出现了一个强大的机会 , 在波音的法律法律上停车 。
some are masters of new or traditional media ; some are religious leaders , and a few are top officials of those governments that do have the ability to project their influence globally .	有些是新媒体或传统媒体的大师 , 有些是宗教领导人 , 一些是政府的最高官员 , 这些政府有能力在全球影响力的能力 。
the architects recommend careful use of express bus rapid transit—the cheapest public transportation option—and increased capacity for bicyclists and pedestrians .	建筑师建议小心使用表达式公交快速交通 , 最便宜的公共交通选项 , 增加了自行车列表和行业人员的能力 。
for example , an older system might store the term " dog " with a broader term of " mammal " and narrower terms of " dachshund " or " bulldog . "	例如 , 一个老的系统可能会存储 " 狗 " 的术语 , 更广泛的 " 哺乳 " 和 " 大虾 " 或 " 野狗 " 的狭窄术语 。
in ding zhuren eyes , wuxi ming is tall , handsome youth , talk funny , work carefully , to accept strong , quick thinking , practical work hard .	在丁庄眼中 , 吴明高 , 帅帅 , 小心谈话 , 努力接受强壮 , 思考快 , 实践努力 。
in addition , connection strings constructed at run time from unvalidated user input can lead to string injection attacks , jeopardizing security at the data source .	此外 , 从未验证的用户输入中构建的连接字符串可以导致字符串注射攻击 , 在数据源中jeopard化安全 。
as the debate continues , mr donkin needs to grapple with the fact that , particularly in america , ordinary people have seen their incomes stagnate since the 1970s .	随着辩论继续下去 , 东京先生需要抓住事实 , 尤其是在美国 , 普通人在1970年代以来看到他们的收入稳定 。
i felt extremely welcomed into your friendly school community and am amazed by the dedication of all the studentsit is obviously a very successful school .	我感到非常欢迎您的朋友学校社区 , 并且对所有学生的专业感到惊讶 , 显然是一个非常成功的学校 。
always , always pay yourself first from your wage , then pay your creditors . in that single act , you are telling the universe that you are worthy and deserving f more .	总是 , 总是从你的工资中付出自己 , 然后付出你的信贷人 。 在那个单一行动中 , 你告诉宇宙 , 你值得更多的价值和价值 。
currently under construction , the mine is estimated to contain a staggering 40 million tons of copper and 46 million ounces of gold and should start operating in 2012 .	目前在建筑下 , 矿石预计将包含4000万吨铜和4600万盎司的铜 , 应该在2012年开始运行 。
as a result , de rothschild originally set his launch date for 28 april exactly 62 years to the day when heyerdahl set out on his epic journey across the pacific .	结果 , 罗斯小孩最初在4月28日的4月28日开始发射日期 , 当海瑟尔达尔在太平洋的历史旅行中设置了他的发射日期 。
experiment proved that phagocytic percentage and phagocytic index of celiac macrophage could be increased , transformation of lymphocyte could be increased by xin an grain .	实验证明 , 可提高醋酸巨噬菌的吞噬率和吞噬指数 , 可以提高淋巴细胞的变化 , 提高新的谷物的吞噬率 。
he also noted that when looking for solutions to the problems , equal consideration should be given to denuclearizing the korean peninsula and addressing the security concerns of the dprk .	他还注意到 , 当寻找解决问题的时候 , 应该给出相当的考虑 , 应该忽略朝鲜半岛的核化并解决dprk的安全问题 。
methods:221 patients with depression and 178 normal controls were measured with the family dynamics questionnaire and family environment scalechinese version . results: 1 .	方法:采用家庭动力学问卷和家庭环境规模计算221例抑郁症患者和178例正常控制患者 。
the main business profit is an important index that department in charge , stockholder and user of the statements pay great attention to , its truthfulness is the main task of the auditing work .	主要的业务利润是负责、股东和用户的一项重要指标 , 是审计工作的主要任务 。
analysis and explorations are made to the rupture phenomena of te first cross member in sh6700 light bus floor . 3structure improvement plans are put forward on the basis .	针对sh6700光总线地面tete第一交叉成员的破裂现象进行了分析和探讨 , 提出了基于sy6700光总线地面的三个结构改进方案 。
the second part analyses the concept , background and current situation of watersaving green space , and makes sure the need and feasibility of watersaving green space development ;	第二部分分析了节水绿色空间的概念、背景和现状 , 确保节水绿色空间发展的需要和可行性 ;
by pursuing graduate studies , they can get the chance to be a member of civil servants or political department and get high salary as well as get a higher social status .	通过追求毕业生的研究 , 他们可以获得公务员或政治部门的机会 , 获得更高的社会地位 。
an old well , abandoned wilderness , in the writer's eyes are beautiful , it nourished a few generations of the world lives and depleted the number of trickling effort ?	作家的眼睛是美丽的 , 它养成了几代世界生活 , 解释了许多努力的努力 ?
for example , a number of research studies found that social science majors had achieved greater managerial success than those who had technical training or preprofessional courses .	例如 , 许多研究发现 , 社会科学主要的成功比那些有技术培训或预专业课程的技术培训者得到了更大的管理成功 。
in 2004 , sh company is facing duple restrictions from the market and bank , which result in the problem of repayment of bank loan , difficulty in raising money and shortage of working capital .	2004年 , sh公司面临着来自市场和银行的双重限制 , 导致银行贷款的补偿问题 , 难以提高资本的资金和缺陷 。
this paper introduces the solution of incomplete separation of waste alkali liquor in the cyclohexane oxidation unit applying coalescence separation through experiment and innovation .	通过实验和创新 , 介绍了在环己烷氧化单元中不完全分离废物碱液的解决方法 。
the recreational corner of the bedroom , black cloth art ground lamp is tiein and coriaceous single person sofa and footrest , arranged the good place of individual have a rest .	卧室的娱乐角落 , 黑布艺术地灯是皮肤和皮肤的单人沙发和脚步 , 安排了个人好的地方 。
marion lynette snowden:hope you can build an international jci standard hospital with us , let all mothers and babies in china can get best medical care and on the same steps with the world .	玛丽昂·莱特·雪登:尽管你可以与我们建立国际jci标准医院 , 让所有的母亲和婴儿都能得到最好的医疗保健和同样的步骤 。
liverpool are expected to overcome psv eindhoven after chalking up a 30 quarterfinal firstleg lead and that will provide chelsea with the opportunity to finally get even with the merseysiders .	利物浦预计在上午30分之一的第一决赛中 , 将会提供切尔西的机会 , 即使与梅塞西德一起获得更多的机会 。
the ship auction committee shall be composed of three or five persons , that is , execution officers appointed , as well as auctioneers and surveyors engaged by the maritime court .	船舶拍卖委员会应由三或五人组成 , 这是执行官任命 , 以及由海事法院执行的拍卖人员和调查人员 。
yago loaned to bari after sergio bernardo almiron , another bianconero left turin to move to bari . it is young spanish player yago silva falque .	瑜伽在塞尔吉奥·贝纳多·阿尔梅隆后借给巴里 , 另一位比安-------------------------------------------------------------------
the party's sixth plenary of sixteen session made a series of entire and specific arrangements for harmonious culture construction for current and future a period .	党的第六届十六届会议的第六届会议 , 为当前和谐文化建设提供了一系列的整体和具体的安排 。
to do this , use the find utility to locate and review all files you've accessed or changed during a certain time period today , yesterday , or at any date or segment of time in the past .	为此 , 使用找到实用程序来定位和评估你在今天一定时间内访问或改变的所有文件 。
based on the submarine soft rock supporting engineering in beizao mine of longkou mining corporation , the physical model tests of interaction of usteel support and roadway were carried out .	根据北京龙口矿区的潜艇软岩支持工程 , 研究了用户支持和路线交互的物理模型试验 。
methods:cell growth and differentiation were analysed by trypan blue dye exclusion test , 7690 xu fluorescein staining and transmission electric microscopy .	方法:采用trypan蓝色排除试验、7690徐荧光染色及传输电镜对细胞生长和分化进行了分析 。
objective to inquire into the adsorptivity of hcv rna by the inner surface of machinecollected plasma bags and their tubes which were produced , using pvc as main raw material .	目的探讨hcvrna的吸附性 , 采用pvc作为主要原料 , 探讨hcvrna内表面吸附性及其制备的pvc管 。
the solidification model of twinroller strip casting is established . the solidification process of strip casting is mathematically simulated by using the finite element software .	建立了双辊带铸件的固化模型 , 利用有限元软件模拟了带铸件的固化过程 。
the intellectual property rights for all prizewinning works will belong to the mcu r&d division . works will be published in the special 22st mcu literary prize magazine .	所有奖励作品的知识产权将属于mcur&d部门 。 作品将在特殊的22stmcu文献奖杂志发布 。
for example , evaporation from water surface decreased , relative humidity near to the ground surface increased , sunshine hours reduced and wind speed decreased .	例如 , 从水面的蒸发降低 , 相对湿度近地表面增加 , 阳光小时降低和风速降低 。
it is named after wilbur l . scoville , an american scientist who , in 1912 , developed a test to measure levels of capsaicin , the chemical that creates the heat in chilli .	1912年 , 美国科学家wilburl.scoovililille在美国科学家wilburl.scoville中被命名为是在1912年 , 开发了一项测量卡普萨奇辛的含量水平的测试 。
when blood sugar rises to a certain degree , saturated central issue gastric disorder signal . if all the nutrients , to reduce weight a biscuit products .	当血糖升高到一定程度时 , 饱和的中央问题胃疾病信号 。 如果所有营养成分 , 就减少一定程度 。
and here , through the mere excitement , i rapped heavily , with a cane which i held in my hand , upon that very portion of the brickwork behind which stood the corpse of the wife of my bosom .	然后 , 在这里 , 我只是激动了 , 用一只手中拿着一只蜡烛 , 就在那里 , 我站在我的老婆的尸体后面的砖工一部分 , 站在那里的老婆的尸体 。
each one of a person’s ten fingers leaves a distinct impression , and the elasticity of skin makes it all but impossible to leave precisely the same fingerprint impression twice .	每个人十指的每个人都留下了一个独特的印象 , 而皮肤的弹性使得皮肤的弹性使得它能够精确地离开同一指纹印象的两倍 。
xiong yumei , deputy director of beijing tourism administration , said , " the booking rate in all starrated hotels in beijing in july increased one percent from may . "	北京旅游管理副主任熊玉梅表示 , " 北京各家星级酒店的订货速度在7月份增加了5月份的一百分之一 。 "
colombia's carbon emissions are relatively low because of plentiful river systems feed enough hydropower generators to supply some 70% of electricity needs . 10 .	哥伦比亚的碳排放相对较低 , 因为充足的河系饲料足够的水电发电机 , 供应大约70%的电力需求 。
d latch and d flipflop circuits using floatinggate mos are designed . in order to introduce the application of d flipflop , we design the register and counter by d flipflops .	设计了采用浮雕mos的d开发和dflipflopp流电路 , 为了介绍dfliplopppppps的应用 , 设计了dfliploplops的寄存器和对策 。
fed by the 100plus inches of rain per year that fall in olympic national park , evergreen trees rise above the fog that fills this olympic mountain's valley .	由于每年的100英寸的雨量每年降到奥林匹克国家公园 , 曾经绿树上升 , 满足奥林匹克山谷的雾气 。
the superantigen fusion protein cell factor is actually a substitute for the antigen in the prior art , has a targeting function and is a new prospective medicament different from the antigen .	超抗原融合蛋白质因子实际上是抗原在艺术前所取代的一种替代剂 , 具有目标功能 , 是一种新的前景介质 。
project management is a carefully planned and organized effort to accomplish a specific onetime effort , for example , construct a building or implement a new computer system .	项目管理是一个小心计划和组织的努力来完成一个具体的一次努力 , 例如 , 构建一个建筑或实现一个新的计算机系统 。
the geological cause of the mixed layer and its distributing characters are defined by spore pollen analysis , scanning electron microscope and c14 isotope test in this paper .	本文采用spore调查、扫描电镜、c14等位试验 , 定义了混合层的地质原因及其分布特征 。
the modern people want to understand correctly three big nutrients , these three big nutrient everybody attention , first controls animalism , along with age increase , decreases progressively .	现代人要正确理解三大营养成分 , 这些三大营养大家注意力 , 首先控制动物主义 , 随着年龄增加 , 逐步降低 。
dedication to make friends , and friends , the heart of india , the situation tied up , helping hands , sincere cooperation , mutual benefit and create a better tomorrow !	为了让朋友们和朋友们 , 印度的心 , 情境结束 , 帮助手 , 真诚合作 , 互利共同创造更好的明天 !
china has enlisted pakistani cooperation in quashing potential muslim insurgencies in its farwestern province of xinjiang , bordering pakistan and afghanistan .	中国在新疆、边境巴基斯坦和阿富汗的西部 , 在巴基斯坦和阿富汗的地区 , 加强了潜在的穆斯林叛乱 。
soft start valves are used to throttle the gas flow in roughing lines . they prevent turbulences in piping and containers , particulate contamination in vacuum installations .	软启动阀用来使气体流动在粗糙线中 , 它们防止管道和容器的流动 , 在真空安装中颗粒污染 。
food intolerance can also be used to describe a much less welldefined collection of symptoms that some people suffer from on consuming certain foods for which no clear basis is known .	食品容量也可以用来描述一个较少的定义的症状 , 一些人在消费某些食品中受到了一些人所熟知的食物 。
the boiling point rise of dilute solution in physical chemistry seems to contradict with vapor distillation in experiment of organic chemistry . actually , they are of different principles .	物理化学中稀释溶液的沸点上升似乎与蒸汽蒸馏在有机化学实验中有关 , 实际上它们是不同的原理 。
the deck erection gantry is a specialized equipment for erection of suspension bridge deck segments , it has mainly two forms of winch type and hydraulic lifting type .	甲板运行吉特里是一种专业用于悬吊桥板段的施工设备 , 主要有两种形式的winch类型和液压升降型 。
on july 21 , 2005 , premier wen jiabao of the state council met in the great of the people with guyana's prime minister samuel hinds who is paying a working visit to china .	2005年7月21日 , 国务院总理温家宝会议在贵亚亚总理萨姆乌尔后面遇到了与中国的工作访问 。
chapter iii should be natural and the reality of conflict , analyzed and discussed the people's jury selection , training , legal empowerment and supervision of several elements .	第二章应当是自然和冲突现实 , 分析和讨论人民陪审选、培训、法律实施和几个元素监督 。
on the basis of this , the paper divides the whole chapter into nine sections , with each section divided into three parts of " original text " , " textual research " , and " interpretations " .	本文在此基础上 , 分为九个部分 , 分为 " 原文 " 、 " 文本研究 " 、 " 解释 " 三个部分 。
secondly , the scheme scanning exterior environment and the scheme evaluating quantitatively exterior environment of institutes' transformation with efe matrix method are discussed ;	第二 , 讨论了用efe矩阵法对机构转换的方案扫描外部环境及方案进行定量评价 ;
jobs become scarcer and the wallace children begin to realize that their father is a violent monster who daily terrorizes their mother and refuses to feed his children .	工作变得更聪明 , 沃尔兰的孩子开始意识到他们的父亲是一个暴力的怪物 , 每天恐惧他们的母亲 , 拒绝喂他的孩子 。
the second chapter is a detailed explication on the techniques in image creation , effects of special language structures , and formalism in textual arrangement in classical chinese poetry .	第二章对中国古典诗歌中特殊语言结构的形象创造、影响及其形式主义进行了详细的阐述 。
thirdly , based on theoretical hypotheses of collective identity , the paper classifies the theories of european identity into two perspectives: primordialism and constructivism .	第三 , 基于集体身份的理论假设 , 分类了欧洲身份的理论理论 , 分为原始主义和建构主义两个方面 。
the influential factors of noise for dimethyl ether engine are studied and analyzed through experiments by using method of combustion noise and effective solutions for noise reduction are found out .	利用燃烧噪声和噪声降低的方法 , 研究了二甲基醚发动机噪声的影响因素 , 并对其进行了分析 。
skyrocketing food prices have increased attention to the larger challenge of overcoming hunger and malnutrition , the “forgotten” u . n . millennium development goal .	天球攻击食品价格增加了关注超越饥饿和营养的更大挑战 , " 忘记 " 的美国千年发展目标 。
he had been stranded since saturday evening , when he and his 67yearold uncle got into trouble during a hunting expedition and the ice floe on which he was standing broke away .	自周六晚上他和67岁的叔叔在狩猎过程中遇到了困难 , 冰浮在他站起来的地方 。
many kinds of hormone are involved in the regulation of uterine action by autocrine or paracrine fashion , such as oxytocin , prostaglandins and endothelin et al .	许多激素参与了自动分泌或帕克里恩时尚调节子宫内皮素等各种激素 , 如氧分泌、前列腺素和内皮素等 。
while pastis had depicted various crocodiles in the strip as early as february 2004 , these crocs were relatively competent and spoke normal english in a normal typeface .	虽然pastis在2004年2月早些时候描述了各种各样的鳄鱼 , 但这些鳄鱼在正常类型的表面中相对竞争力和说正常的英语 。
if you can't read the data when you have accessed it , the decryption keys are corrupted , or the server rejects it because the vendor is using its own encryption algorithm .	如果您在访问它时不能读到数据 , 那么解密密钥被腐败 , 或者服务器拒绝它 , 因为供应商使用它的加密算法 。
he it is who weaves the web of this in evanescent hues of gold and silver , blue and green , and lets peep out through the folds his feet , at whose touch i forget myself .	他是谁穿着这件金银色的网络 , 蓝色和绿色的网络 , 让他穿过折叠的脚 , 感觉到我忘记自己 。
relying on its favorable conditions of humane resources for tourism , shanxi province is now famous for its compound culture while keen competition among its compounds begins .	山西省人类资源的优越条件下 , 目前尚西省目前著名于其复合文化的文化文化 , 同时对其复合物的竞争开始 。
adults are usually absent in blyton's books , allowing children to be powerful: travelling and cooking for themselves , visiting magic lands or solving mysteries .	成年人通常不在布利顿的书中 , 允许孩子们强有力:旅行和烹饪 , 为自己 , 游览魔术的土地或解决神秘 。
a crucial issue for the popularization of high viscous polymer devolatilization process is to develop high efficiency mass transfer apparatus with improved surface renewal rate .	针对高粘聚合物偏振过程的普及问题 , 是开发高效质量传输装置 , 提高表面再生速率的高效质量传输装置 。
this group teaching program had a positive effect on heart attack patients not only for improving knowledge but lowering the degree of uncertainty and depression throughout the disease course .	本组教学项目对心脏攻击患者有积极的积极影响 , 不仅对改善知识但降低了全部疾病程度的不确定性和抑郁程度 。
results the recovery and total effective rates were 93 . 3% and 62 . 2% for group of hypertonic saline , and significantly higher than those of ns plus oral prednisone group .	结果93.3%和62.2%的高锰盐组复苏率和总有效率均高于ns增加口服预氮组 。
the game of bingo is an ongong american custom that is encouraged by civic groups , and is condoned by the church as well , in exchange for the needed income the game provides .	英国游戏是一家由民间团体鼓励的美国风俗 , 并且被教会联系 , 为需要的收入提供的游戏提供了交换 。
box 12: gross weight in kilos should be shown here . other units of measurement e . g . volume or number of items which would indicate exact quantities may be used when customary .	箱12:应该在这里展示groos体重 , 其他测量单位 , 例如 , 体积或数量 , 表示在定制时可以使用的确切数量 。
crossing over the highway , away from the shenzhen international airport , the port only a dozen kilometers away from guangzhou new baiyun international airport , one hour full speed .	远离深圳国际机场 , 港口仅从广州新白云国际机场离开十公里 , 一小时全速 。
with the built of marketing economy system , the rapid development of national economy and enhancement of human living standards , medicine and healthcare industries have been developed rapidly .	随着市场经济体制的建设 , 国民经济的快速发展和人类生活标准、医药和医疗保健行业的迅速发展 。
the second floor of the pavilion will be transparent . the pavilion will symbolize the imagination and creativity of hong kong people , said ng hon wing , director of the pavilion .	香港人民的第二层楼将是透明的 , 亭子会象征香港人民的想象和创造力 。
sarge explained why he picked me: “a player can have great skills , but his talent won’t mean much if he doesn’t apply himself and get the job done , ” he said .	他说 , 沙拉格解释了为什么他挑选了我: " 球员可以有很好的技能 , 但是他的才能不会意味着 , 如果他不会适应自己并得到工作 。 "
chapter 1 mainly introduces the current export situation of chinese textiles and apparel , especially the new problems arising from the soaring volumes and slumping export prices .	第一章主要介绍了中国纺织服装的出口情况 , 尤其是从音量和出口价格上出口的新问题 。
different specifications for heating glassware , but i guarantee the quality of drying , heating system and below the nozzle position , the inclination should be able to easily adjust .	加热玻璃的不同规范 , 但我保证了干燥、加热系统的质量 , 在喷嘴位置下 , 应该很容易调整 。
such different sources as the native americans , rudolph steiner and our friends at findhorn have influenced our learning of the appropriate harmonic role in relation to the earth .	如此不同的来源 , 美国人 , 鲁道夫斯坦纳和我们的朋友都影响了我们对地球相关的合适和谐角色的影响 。
the 23 existing couplets belonging to the mansion house best manifest zhang's wit and humor , his political ambition , attitude and his attachment to hometown and relatives .	现有的23对夫妇属于管理室最好的张氏的智慧和幽默 , 他的政治抱歉、态度和他的附属于家乡和亲戚 。
whereas turks tend to be warm and extrovert , your average georgian seems much more selfcontained and reserved – not entirely dissimilar to your average briton , really .	尽管土耳其往往是温暖的和外向的 , 你的平均乔治亚看起来更多的自我包含和储备 , 但并不完全与你的平均英国相似 。
displaying its spectrum of shades in an attempt to attract the attention of the less vibrant brown spiders , the creature reveals hues of orange , yellow , green and blue .	展示它的阴影的光谱 , 试图吸引更少的活力棕色蜘蛛的注意力 , 生物显示了橙色、黄色、绿色和蓝色 。
" i'm not going to go up against guillem if his best investigative report says there is a deal in place playertoclub i believe that , what i think is shameless is calderon , " said hunter .	亨特说: " 如果他最好的调查报告说 , 我不会反对吉利米 , 那么我相信 , 我认为这是无耻的 。 "
they see their province as teeming with resources ? fish , forests , minerals and now oil ? that outsiders have profited from , sometimes unfairly , leaving only crumbs behind .	他们看到他们的省 , 如资源团结 ? 鱼 , 森林 , 矿物 , 现在的石油 ? 那个外部人从那里得到证明 , 有时候还没有公平的 , 只留在后面 。
some schools have already started separating the sexes for some lessons and say it has eliminated the " peacock effect " of boys showing off and provided a more equal distribution of teacher time .	有些学校已经开始分离一些教训的性别 , 并且说它已经消除了男孩出现的 " 桃雀效应 " , 提供了更多的老师时间的平等分布 。
in retrospect , kafka was a noble attempt to adapt the complexity of kafka's work to the movies , and it hinted at soderbergh's genre experiments to come .	在回顾方面 , kafka是一个新尝试适应kafka的工作复杂性 , 并且在索德伯格的特殊实验中隐藏在索德伯格的特殊实验 。
after world war i , henry ford and general motors' alfred sloan moved world manufacture from centuries of craft production led by european firms into the age of mass production .	世界大战后 , 亨利福特和普通汽车的阿尔弗雷德·斯洛恩从几个世纪的工艺生产中搬走了世界制造业 。
professor popkin says american schools also need to improve their nutrition . for example , schools may have vending machellones that offer what many people would consider junk food .	波普金教授说 , 美国学校也需要改善营养 , 例如 , 学校可能会给许多人提供什么样的垃圾食品 。
but wga west president patric verrone told the more than 3 , 000 writers in attendance saturday night that the strike would end only after they voted to approve the contract .	然而 , wga西部总统帕特里克·维龙在星期六晚些时候说 , 只有在投票批准合同之后才会结束300多名作家 。
amoi is a wellknown domestic mobile phone manufacturing enterprise . because of a8 , a " will dancing " mobile phone , amoi earned much money in 2002 and 2003 .	amoi是一家著名的国内移动手机制造企业 , 因为a8 , a8 , amoi将跳舞 " 手机 " , 2002年和2003年获得了很多钱 。
while this may sound inefficient , remember that in most observer situations , each component has a small number of listeners , and insertions and removal are greatly outnumbered by traversals .	虽然这听起来可能有效 , 但记住在大多数观察者的情况下 , 每个组件都有一个小的听众 , 而且插入和删除大多数的横向数 。
the belief possesses three characteristics such as the abundant mazu temples , rich poems in praise of mazu and its close relation with the activities of fujian businessmen .	信仰拥有丰富的马祖寺、丰富的诗歌赞扬马祖和其与福建商人活动密切相关的三个特点 。
the website says: " this silicon small sex dolls is our unique design on market in 2016 , sex dolls with hot japanese pure girl , female real sex doll robot for man . "	网站说: " 这个硅小的性爱娃是我们在2016年市场上独特的设计 , 性爱的日本纯女孩 , 女性真正的性真正的性爱机器人 。 "
jobs , pi: as time marched on , the moustache made a comeback rumours that he was going to ditch silicon valley for the san fernando valley proved unfounded .	乔布斯:随着时间到达时候 , 穆斯塔切做了一个回来的谣言 , 他将为旧金山谷提供不资金资金的硅谷 , 他就会去找硅谷 。
he lost out but we reckon that , given he got to hang on for lots more films instead of wearing a turban and then getting done in by an 11 yearold , he's probably over it now .	他失去了 , 但我们回答说 , 由于他得去很多电影 , 不要穿一只城市 , 然后在11岁的时候 , 他可能会穿过它 。
more than 90% of employees in selfgoverning firms , and twothirds in the informedacquiescence category , agreed that " good ideas are readily adopted by my company " .	超过90%的员工自治公司的自治公司 , 而第三个在信息收购类别中 , 同意 " 良好的想法 " 已经准备采用 。
article 102 after placing the subject matter in escrow , the obligor shall timely notify the obligee or his heir or guardian , except where the obligee cannot be located .	第十二条行政主题事件后 , 任务人员应当随时通知债务或他的头发或卫生人员 , 除非在哪里不能定位债务 。
more earnings from s&p 500 companies and a steady stream of toptier economic indicators will give investors more evidence of the economy's health throughout the week .	标准普尔500家公司的收益越来越多 , 高层经济指标的稳定流量将使投资者在整个星期内得到更多的证据 。
the fractal parameters of pore structure are estimated based on the capillary pressure data before and after waterflooding to investigate the effect of waterflooding on variation of pore structure .	根据预测孔结构的分形参数 , 分析了孔隙结构的分形参数 , 对孔隙结构变化的影响 。
methods we observed effects of antiarrhythmic agents and synchronized cardioversion treatment of atrial fibrillation in 19 patients with preexcitation syndrome .	方法观察19例心肌纤维化患者的抗水解剂及同步心脏同步治疗效果 。
conclusion both the nickel titanium patella fixation and the adjustable patella fracture reduce device have the satisfactory effect for treatment of patella fracture .	结论镍钛板固定和可调节帕特拉骨折降低装置对帕特拉骨折治疗的满意性 。
established in 2006 , shenzhen siemax cables technology co . , ltd , is one of the leading suppliers for the " structured communications solutions " in china .	深圳西马克电缆技术有限公司成立于2006年 , 是我国 " 结构化的通信解决方案 " 的主要供应商之一 。
professionally producing transmission belt , oil seal , mould rubber parts , silicon hose , tensioner for passenger cars , light and heavy duty vehicles .	专业生产传输带 , 油密封 , 橡胶零件 , 硅钩 , 张力为乘客汽车 , 轻型和重型责任车 。
this private residence , located in the dongcheng district of beijing , is a traditional " siheyuan " type of residence where the courtyard is the center of the house .	这个私人住宅位于北京东城区 , 是一家传统的 " 西海源 " 住宅类型的传统住宅中心 。
the color male money of these dress composed , female money is bold and unrestrained , but the figure that having same heavy and complicated , artistic touch is dyeinthewood .	这些衣服的颜色男性金钱组成 , 女性金钱是大胆而无限的 , 但有相同重量复杂的、复杂的、艺术触摸是染色的 。
telecommunications technology co . , ltd . shenzhen peng is a research and development , production , sales and service into a professional led screen manufacturer of digital control information .	深圳市深圳市电信技术有限公司是一家研发、生产、销售、服务于数字控制信息的专业led屏幕制造商 。
depict the influence on the plant cellular , caused by the added high electrostatic field , by the bimolecular lipid membranes , and deduce the micro principles .	通过双分子脂膜对植物细胞的影响 , 描述了由于增加高静电场所引起的影响 , 并推导了微生物原理 。
it turns out that the knapsacks were brighter than the polo shirts . the thread color that looked good on the knapsacks was too dark to read on the shirts .	结果表明 , knapsacksack比polo衬衫更明亮 , 线程色彩看起来很好 , 看起来看起来像knapsack太黑了 , 看起来太黑了 。
article 19 1 the adjusted net capital amount of futures commission merchants shall not be less than 6 percent of the total amount of customer margin account .	第一条未来委员会资本数量调整的净资本 , 应少于客户边账户总额的6% 。
by the determination of multistyle elastic silk of single or double layer , it shows that the elasticity of the prepared fabrics can all reach medium or low levels .	通过对单层或双层的多层弹性弹性丝的测定 , 结果表明 , 制备的织物的弹性能可以达到媒体或低水平 。
the mechanism , structure features of dynamic wave wet scrubber are briefly presented , and its applications in sulfuric acid and compound fertilizer productions are exemplified .	简要介绍了动波浪湿刷的机理、结构特点 , 阐述了其在硫酸和复合肥料生产中的应用 。
but despite efforts to step up enforcement , including suspending production last month at a number of battery factories , the government's response remains faltering .	但是 , 尽管在上个月 , 尽管政府的反应仍然不断提高执行 , 包括在电池厂的停止生产 。
on the basis of analysis , the qingdao port group's overall development strategy is developed . finally , a number of recommendations to enhance the competitiveness of the group are presented .	在分析的基础上 , 提出了青岛港港口集团的整体开发策略 。 最后 , 提出了提高群体竞争力的建议 。
in addition , on the aspect of the sziit supervisor's observation on class performance , the teaching contents are totally different , and the experimental classes' performances are more active .	此外 , 在sziit监督员在类表演上观察的方面 , 教学内容完全不同 , 实验类的性能更加活跃 。
ten days later , during the 36th week of gestation , word arrived that a baby had died during or shortly after birth and the parents had agreed to donate the infant's heart .	十天后 , 在第三十六周的孕育期间 , 一个婴儿出生或短期以来死于或是父母同意捐赠婴儿的心脏 。
chief introduction of the company jingu eastro handicraft limited company is a professional enterprise specializing in the production of handicrafts with fully minor ethnic group features .	公司东工艺有限公司的首席介绍是一家专业生产手工工艺品的专业企业 。
there is no need to maintain session affinity at the plugin router level , as session affinities will be taken care of by the odrs when the requests are forwarded on to the application servers .	在插件路由级别上没有必要保持会话有限性 , 因为在向应用服务器上提出的时候 , 会话界限会被odrs负担 。
following an investigation into the possibilities of materials including recycled glass , stucco and marble , the architects settled on stone as the best option .	随着对材料的可能性的调查 , 包括回收玻璃、ucco和大理石 , 建筑师将石头设置为最佳选择 。
yu'ebao , china's most popular internet fund , is an investment service jointly offered by alipay , china's leading online payments provider , and tianhong asset management .	中国最受欢迎的互联网基金yu''bao是一家投资服务联合支付 , 中国在线支付提供商和天中资产管理的投资服务 。
underwater gps positioning system includes four parts which are gps differential reference station , gps buoy subsystem , underwater pinger , shipbased data processing and control center .	水下gps定位系统包括gps微分参考站、gps购买子系统、水下平台、基于船舶数据处理和控制中心四个部分 。
" i think luxehomes' content is very comprehensive . i particularly like the stories with forwardlooking angles , " says louis ho , a director of centaline's stately homes .	" 我认为luxehomes的内容非常完整 , 我特别喜欢前瞻角度的故事 。 " 中央国家家庭的主任路易霍说 。
results:during the procedure of combined liver and kidney harvesting , 1 right renal vein and 2 left renal arteries were injured , 3 renal perfusion were not satisfied .	结果:对结合肝肾收集、1右肾静脉和2左肾动脉的治疗过程进行伤害 , 3例肾灌注不满意 。
a source of electricity consisting of a number of alternating disks of two different metals separated by acidmoistened pads , forming primary cells connected in series .	一种由两种不同的金属分离的电源组成 , 由酸化pads分离出来的电源 , 形成了连接在一系列的主要细胞 。
the letter to the hebrews , one letter of john , he rejects the shepherd of hermas , which is a book that we include in a groupings of writing we call the apostolic fathers .	约翰的一封信 , 约翰的一封信 , 他拒绝了赫马斯的牧师 , 这是一本书 , 我们包括在一组写作中 , 我们称之为postolic的父亲 。
in west germany , foreign minister hansdietrich genscher urged moscowto shut all nuclearpower plants similar to the one at chernobyl .	在德国西部 , 外交部长hansdietetchgenscher敦促莫斯科托关闭所有核电站相似于切尔诺比尔的核电站 。
various designs of single stage , double stage and multistage or their combination can be customized accordingly for deferent demands of sterilization , insulation and cooling .	针对单阶段、双阶段、多阶段或其组合的设计 , 可根据稳定、绝缘和冷却要求定制各种单阶段的设计 。
folders , for example , are a wellknown metaphor for file organization , and they have replaced “directories , ” which were used previously in commandline operating systems .	例如 , 文件夹是文件组织的著名隐喻 , 它们已经取代了 " 目录 " , 这是以前在命令行操作系统中使用的命令行操作系统 。
phonetics , grammar , vocabulary , listening , speaking , reading and writing skills in this stage , to realize breakthrough , to lay the foundation , a habit .	语法 , 语法 , 词汇 , 听听 , 讲话 , 阅读和写作技巧 , 实现突破 , 建立基础 , 习惯 。
the lack of legal foundation of defense counsel in procedure for review of death sentences leads to the obstacles on operation and guarantee of defense of the counsel .	国防委员会缺乏法律基金会对死刑的审查程序进行审查 , 导致国防事务的操作和保障障 。
the results of the experiment indicated that the training system for athletes of speed strength events and groups could lead to a remarkable adaptive change in cardiac shapes and functions .	实验结果表明 , 运动员速度强度事件和群体运动员的训练系统可能导致心脏形状和功能显著的适应变化 。
to resolve the large time jitter error of middlelong range action in uwb fuse systems , a novel time system base on crystal frequency division has been proposed .	为了解决uwb融合系统中长范围的大时间jitter误差 , 提出了一种基于水晶频率分割的新型时间系统 。
big accounting firms are offering similar increases , according to j . patrick gorman , founder of ifind group , a new yorkbased cpa recruiting firm .	根据纽约cpa招聘公司的创始人j.patrick戈尔曼说 , 大会计公司正在提供类似的增加 。
in a study involving 2 , 604 residents of hisayama , japan , the researchers examined the association between serum cholesterol level and incidence of gastric cancer .	在一项研究涉及2 , 604名日本组织瘤居民的研究中 , 研究人员对胃癌患者血清胆固醇水平与胃癌发生的关系进行了考察 。
methods 37 cases who had taken relative exploring sign underwent cholangiography before choledochotomy , and the negative patients would not take choledochus exploration .	方法对37例在学校切除术前进行相对探索的患者进行检查 , 并且负面的病人不会采取学校探索 。
i have been fortunate to work with hitachi for over 25years starting with delivery of the transilift to hitachi port in 1984 and i am looking forward to the continuation of our relationship .	我很幸运地与hitachi在1984年开始与hitachi交付25年以上交付hitachi港口 , 我期待着我们的关系继续 。
tentatively , this study introduced simple and economical dynamic cone penetrometer and impact soil tester for facilitating the investigation of subgrade and upgrading its quality .	本研究主要介绍了简单、经济动力学混凝土试验仪和影响土壤试验仪 , 提高其质量 , 提高其质量 。
aim using the variance matrix of estimated error , positional accuracy can be compared with different mixing together data , it has put forward a kind of basis for system location to select data .	目的利用估计误差的变化矩阵 , 可以比较不同的混合数据的定位精度 , 提出了一种基于系统位置来选择数据的方法 。
lccs have benefited from increasing price sensitivity of consumers and business travellers and lower oil prices that have flowed from the global economic malaise .	lccs从增加消费者和商业旅游者的价格敏感性和降低了从全球经济疟疾流动的石油价格 。
these groups are especially vulnerable because they often experience extended survival during which neurocognitive complications of therapy may cause more impairment than the tumor itself .	这些群体尤其是脆弱 , 因为它们经常经历了在治疗神经认知并发症期间的生存 , 可能会导致肿瘤本身的损害更多 。
the simulation experiment shows that the parallel processing method obtains sub linear speedup , and the requirement for real time identification of internal model online is basically satisfied .	仿真实验表明 , 平行处理方法得到了子线速度 , 实时识别内在模型的实时要求基本满意 。
the measles initiative is a collaborative effort of who , unicef , the american red cross , the united states centers for disease control and prevention , and the united nations foundation .	这项措施是谁、联合国、美国红十字会、美国疾病控制中心、预防联合国基金会的合作努力 。
the paper focuses on the emerging social historical grounds of new realism novels and discusses how the writers direct the contemporary literature development and cognitive strategies .	本文重点讨论了新现实主义小说的社会历史背景 , 并探讨了当代文学发展和认知策略 。
thirdly , it exposes the corruption of fedual government , which derives from niu xiu " s advanced political thoughts and rough official career . "	第三 , 阐述了美联政府的腐败 , 来自牛秀先进政治思想和粗糙的官方职业生涯 。
companies and enterprises should also pay attention to the mental health of employees and help them relieve pressure through lectures and psychological counseling , wu suggested .	吴建议 , 公司和企业应注重员工心理健康 , 帮助他们通过讲座和心理咨询来缓解压力 。
through the analysis on phenomenon of big tree into city and the status quo of scenic forest in city , the necessity and urgency of scenic forest protection were expounded .	通过对城市大树现象的分析 , 阐述了城市景观森林的必要性和应急性 。
adhesive , disintegrating agent and enteric garment to put on weight , with the release of reduced glutathione degree as the optimum prescription of entericcoated .	粘结剂、消毒剂和进口服装放在体重上 , 随着降低葡萄糖离子度的释放 , 降低了进口涂层的最佳配方 。
the attitude of magnetic foliation , which clearly suggests the emplacement of the magma in different tectonic units , is consistent with rock shapes and distribution of rock units .	磁浮现的态度明显提示了不同构造单元的磁浮现 , 与岩石单元的岩石形状和分布一致 。
actually dao yin didn't also want to good want to sell , he just wanted to see if they can make any repercussions , dao yin renhui won't inherit his judge the proposal .	实际上 , 道贤也不想卖好 , 他只是想看看他们是否能做任何重复的 , 道贤仁惠不会继承他的提议 。
spoon into the prepared muffin tin , filling each cup twothirds full . bake in the preheated 190c/375f oven for 2025 minutes , or until golden brown .	进入制备的mufffin锡 , 填充每三分之二的杯全面 。 烘焙在190c/375f炉前加热2025分钟 , 或者直到金棕色 。
besides , great importance was attached to the building of teaching and learning atmosphere . ten regulations made by the founder zhiyi ensured good teaching atmosphere .	此外 , 由创始人zhiyi保证了良好的教学氛围建设和学习氛围的重要性 。
this article discusses a serious of problems exposed during the actual operation and application of the internal heat coke oven , analyses the reason and puts forward improvement schemes .	本文讨论了在内热炉运行过程中暴露的问题和应用 , 分析了内热炉的原因 , 并提出了改进方案 。
objective to investigate the relationship between gliosis , synaptic reorganization and the mechanism of chronic temporal lobe epilepsy induced by kainic acid .	目的探讨骨酸诱导慢性颞叶癫痫患者眼镜、鼻咽再生与慢性颞叶癫痫的关系 。
to some extent , it is more practical to explain the process of determination by using signal detection theory than holding the ideal hypothesis of regarding the judge as reasonable .	对于某种程度来说 , 利用信号检测理论对法官的理想假设是更实用的 。
it is pointed out that , in the case of having radial flexible mechanism , the wear between anti rotation mechanism and scroll wrap exhibits synchronism and self compensation .	指出 , 在有弹性弹性机理的情况下 , 抗旋转机理与螺旋包的磨损同步和自补偿 。
numerical analysis illustrates that the improved genetic algorithm designing is successful in solving highdimension , multiconstrains , and nonlinear uc problem .	数值分析表明 , 改进的遗传算法在解决高维、多元应变和非线性核问题上成功 。
the bank manager and other relevant bank personnels should be charged of breach of duty for causing the loss of 17 , 000 yuans . so why aren't they charged ?	银行经理和其他相关银行人员应当负责引起1700元损失的责任 , 所以为什么他们不负责 ?
as a signal molecule , h2o2 derived from polyamine oxidation mediates cell death , the hypersensitive response and the expression of defence genes .	作为信号分子 , h2o2来自聚氨胺氧化介导细胞死亡 , 高敏反应和防御基因的表达 。
the offshore oil industry is built with high risks and investment intensified . improper use of operating fluids during development stage may cause reservoir damages .	高风险投资和投资强化的海外石油行业建设 , 在开发阶段运行流体的不当使用可能导致储层损伤 。
the united states , he argues , needs to partner with iran and turkey to create a " powerful triangle " whose activities would promote a culture of democracy and combat extremism .	他认为 , 美国需要与伊朗和土耳其合作 , 创造一个 " 强大的三角 " 的活动将促进民主和战争极端主义的文化 。
this was hard to swallow for tunisians proud of the once exemplary educational system nurtured by their first president , habib bourguiba , whom ben ali ousted in 1987 .	这对突尼斯人来说很难在1987年被他们第一任总统哈比布布布布布布布布布布布布布布·波里古巴的教育体系培养中获得骄傲 。
this is not to inhibit full and free expression: this is not to lose spontaneity ; authenticity , and the important sincerity we communicate simultaneously .	这不能抑制充分和自由表达:这并不会失去自发性 ; 实体性 , 以及我们同时沟通的重要真诚性 。
she goes on , " we're electrical engineers , and we really needed more help from ocean engineers , but to get them we needed more funding , and to get more funding we needed to show some success . "	她继续说: " 我们是电子工程师 , 我们真正需要更多的帮助来自海洋工程师 , 但要得到更多的资金 , 我们需要得到更多的成功 。 "
“we can put your mom’s picture and her jewelry box right here on top , ”michele said , and kristen felt so lucky to have a family who loved her and wanted to make her happy .	" 我们可以把你的妈妈的照片和她的珠宝盒放在这里 , " 米切尔说 , 克里斯特觉得很幸运 , 喜欢她的家人 , 想让她快乐 。
instead , he thinks yoga helps keep people more in tune with their bodies and eating habits and aware of bad habits , such as eating because of stress , boredom or depression .	相反 , 他认为 , 瑜伽帮助人们更多地调查他们的身体和吃习惯 , 意识到坏习惯 , 例如由于压力、压力或抑郁等 。
volunteers who worked in rooms lit by a lamp with an incandescent light bulb instead of overhead fluorescents solved problems requiring novel thinking more successfully .	在房间工作的志愿者 , 灯具里面工作的志愿者不仅仅仅仅仅是超过头荧光 , 还需要更加成功的思考 。
five loud blasts were reported at gaddafi's bab alaziziya compound , where he had made an address on tuesday night and which had been first attacked on sunday night .	星期二晚上 , 在卡扎菲的婴儿阿拉齐齐亚化合物上报道了五个大声爆炸事件 , 他在那里做了一个地址 , 这个地址已经在星期天晚上第一次袭击 。
with a certain assumption , we conclude that the relationship between price level , quantity produced and cost parameter is same at both extreme levels of risk avoidance .	通过一定的假设 , 结论价格水平、价格水平、成本参数与与风险避免极端水平的关系是相同的 。
the material balance equation for gas reservoir has been used to determine reserves and ogip of gas reservoir , judge its driving type and predict its production performance .	利用气藏的材料平衡方程来确定气藏储量和气藏的储量 , 判断其驱动型 , 预测其生产性能 。
wan hui see tang sugar home happy , tang li and tian xin see tang sugar after come back home , it suggested that put home decorate the home to also can spacious points , everyone to move to villa .	吴慧看到唐糖家快乐 , 唐丽和天新看到唐新在回家后看到了茶糖 , 建议让家里装饰家也可以太空的点子 , 每个人都搬到维拉 。
the trend in the prosperity of new year films shows that it results from the close relationship between the social and cultural accumulation and the psychological sublimation to the films .	新年电影的繁荣发展趋势显示 , 从社会和文化积累与心理变迁到影片之间的密切关系 。
this program focuses on helping mathematical teachers construct conceptual maps of the development of children's mathematical cognition through education practices and coresearching .	本项目旨在通过教育实践和核心搜索来构建儿童数学认知发展概念地图 。
theaverage of t/es during the whole stages was about 2 . 06 . the maximum of it appeared in flag stage was about 78 , and its minimum appeared in winter was close to zero .	整个阶段的t/es平均值约为2.06 , 旗阶段的最大值是78 , 冬季最低出现于零 。
huoshan industrial economy which is called huoshan phenomenon by those who study economy had a sharp rise in this years , though it was a poverty county of national level .	胡山工业经济被称为湖山现象的那些研究经济在今年中有着很大增长 , 尽管它是国家水平的贫穷县 。
that's because the new u . s . military strategy no longer focuses on going after enemy fighters in the mountains , but on winning over afghans in the cities and villages .	这是因为新美国军事战略不再集中在山上敌人战斗后 , 但在城市和村庄中赢得了阿富汗 。
in fact , foreign volunteers would like to deliver extemporaneously though they got prepared . and local teachers thought foreigners acted as trainer just for fun .	事实上 , 外国志愿者会尽管他们准备好准备好 , 但当地的老师认为外国人只是为了有趣的培训者而行 。
vacationer accomodations are a nearby solarpowered hostel , with gardens and wild chickens . but by far , the highlight of the trip is the chance to see the grampians .	假期者是一个附近的太阳能旅馆 , 花园和野鸡 , 但到目前为止 , 旅行的高亮是看到草坪人 。
analyzing the function of firingoil tax , the paper discusses the influence of the coming firingoil tax in logistics industry and gives out the relevant countermeasures .	分析了燃油税的功能 , 讨论了未来的燃油税在物流行业中的影响 , 并给出了相关的对策 。
as ken tucker wrote at the time: ''finally , in his greatest moments of grief and fury , he showed us the most vulnerable , despairing side of the man of action . ''	正如肯·托克写道: " 最后 , 在他最伟大的悲伤和愤怒时刻 , 他向我们展示了最脆弱的、最绝望的行动的男人 。 "
handsome but also because of the floating children , had to rise in confidence , remembering their home made of silk and lu lin to discuss business , can open a silk line .	帅气 , 还因为漂浮的孩子 , 必须自信上升 , 记住他们的家里由丝绸和卢琳讨论业务 , 才能打开一条丝绸线 。
adding leafy greens to a dish is an easy way to add color , flavor and nutrients , writes martha rose shulman in this week's recipes for health .	添加叶绿是一种易于添加颜色、风味和营养成分的方式 , 在本周 , 玛莎·罗斯·舒尔曼写道 。
from how to conduct yourself as an employee to what's considered competition , it's likely that you'll see something formalized about how the company views social media and your participation in it .	从如何进行自己作为一名员工来考虑竞争的时候 , 你可能会看到公司对社会媒体和参与如何形式化的东西 。
the forest is fragrant , damp , and resonant . someone’s distant voice , someone’s protracted call or response reverberates marvelously in the far distant thickets .	森林是折叠、阻尼和共振 。 有人远处的声音 , 有人在远距离的厚度上反应 。
mr . jobs , who was treated for pancreatic cancer five years ago , went on medical leave in midjanuary to receive a liver transplant after exhibiting noticeable weight loss .	乔布斯先生在五年前曾经治疗胰腺癌 , 在1月中旬 , 医学留学 , 接受肝移植 , 显示出可注意的重量损失 。
this method improves the estimating precision of the point spread function . wiener filter is fabricated for recovering the defocused image based on the defocused point spread function .	本方法改进了点传递函数的估计精度 , 为基于聚焦点传递函数恢复重点图像的重点聚焦图像 。
actually , each chapter and each caption formed the integral framework that knowledge of whole horse sagacious nods , this frame basically is build by fundamental rise .	实际上 , 每个章节和每个字节都形成了整个马鞍节点知识的整体框架 , 这基本上是由基本上升构建的 。
on this basis , it raises a query optimization model for oql by introducing some query theories of rdb into the query process of oodb , and gives its implement strategy .	在此基础上 , 通过引入rdb的一些查询理论将查询优化模型推进到oodb查询过程中 , 并给出了其实现策略 。
the men with a genetic tendency toward lower bdnf levels seemed to lose their ability to perform complicated tasks at almost double the rate of the men without the variation .	对于低bdnf水平的男性来说 , 基因倾向的男性似乎失去了他们的能力 , 几乎没有变化的男性几乎双倍地执行复杂的任务 。
it is because they are afraid that theprivate employer will cutdown onjobs and many people , especially those whoare used to getting their wageswithout doing any work will lose their jobs .	这是因为他们担心私人雇主会削减对邻居和许多人 , 尤其是那些曾经用来获得工资的那些人会失去工作 。
similarly indicative of this seachange in government policy , the chinese government has announced it will to ban shops from giving away free plastic shopping bags , effective from june 2008 .	与政府政策相似 , 中国政府宣布将禁止购买自由塑料袋 , 来自2008年6月份的有效 。
studying representation method of fusee and small spindle part of the caseandknowledgebased , the described method of objected oriented of geometry feature and process feature information is built .	建立了基于病例和知识的小脊柱部分的研究表示方法 , 建立了几何特征和过程特征信息的对象方法 。
last year , venturecapital firms invested $3 . 5 billion in u . s . alternativeenergy companies , while they invested only $330 million in chinese companies , ms . guzy said .	guzy说 , 去年 , 企业资本公司投资了3.5亿美元的美国替代能源公司 , 同时他们只投资了33000万美元的中国公司 。
a component of the hals design is the spraycool multiplatform enclosure which enables the electronics to be located near the radar currently mounted on the front of the black hawk .	硬盘设计的组成部分是喷雾多平台封闭 , 使得电子在黑鹰前面安装在雷达附近 。
it is representing the hope of tea person , representing china tea industry will more flourishing , the tea course of study of the motherland is sure to have more brilliant than former days tomorrow !	它代表着茶人希望 , 代表中国茶业将更加丰富 , 母亲研究的茶课程肯定要比以前的日子要明天更明亮 !
an environmentallyfriendly antirusting coatings has been prepared , based on non toxic calcium phosphite as dominant antirust pigment and phosphates as auxiliary antirust pigment .	制备了一种环境友好的防腐涂料 , 基于非毒性磷酸钙作为主导的抗锈色素和磷酸盐作为辅助抗锈色素 。
according to the terrain and topographical features , the sandy land in beijing mainly were divided into three types that are mountain ground , the transition zone from hill to plain and plain .	根据地形和地形特点 , 北京沙地主要分为山地三种类型 , 从山地到平原、平原的过渡区 。
the paper also presents the optimization principle of seismic features and the seismic feature optimization method based on gene tic algorithm in porosity prediction with cusi network .	文章还介绍了基于基因算法的地震特性和地震特性优化原理 , 基于基于基因算法在基因算法的孔隙预测中的优化原理 。
when older adults cannot do the recommended amounts of physical activity due to health conditions , they should be as physically active as their abilities and conditions allow .	当老年成年人不能做到推荐的物理活动时 , 由于健康状况 , 他们应该像他们的能力和条件一样活跃 。
lukacs exposed universal problems of verdinglichung and alienation in capitalist society from commodity and proved importance of its overall category from the opposite side .	卢卡斯在资本主义社会中暴露了普遍存在的问题 , 从商品上证明了其整体分类的重要性 。
fractal dimensions of the 200 biggest intercity bus hubs from 2000 to 2004 were 1 . 4862 to 1 . 5118 , and that is consistent with fractal dimensions of chinese urban system sizes .	从2000年到2004年最大的城市公共汽车的分形维度是1.4862到1.518 , 这与中国城市系统大小的分形维度一致 。
this paper tries to explore the phenomenon with the concepts of absolute poverty and relative poverty , and to elaborate this issue with a historical comparison of chinese and british society .	本文试图利用绝对贫困和相对贫困的概念探讨现象 , 并以中国和英国社会的历史比较为详细的阐述这一问题 。
by the foundation of 2110 safety management mode , the basis of petrochina company limited safety management has become more strengthened and petrochina has achieved remarkable safety performances .	通过2110安全管理模式的基础 , 石油柴油公司有限的安全管理已成为更加强化和石油柴油的安全性能 。
then based on the characteristic of reversible counter , fourvalued d flipflop was used as the core component to design fourvalued synchronous reversible counter which has reset function .	然后根据可逆对策的特点 , 采用四值dflipflop作为核心组件设计四值同步反转计数的核心组件 , 设计了具有重复恢复功能的四值同步反转计数 。
the court found ms deng guilty of causing injury with intent but freed her without a sentence on the grounds that a " mood disorder " absolved her of criminal responsibility .	法院发现 , 邓吉尔是因为伤害的 , 但没有一个 " 情绪障碍 " 解决了她的刑事责任 。
in addition to representing individuals who have been injured as a result of negligent medical treatment , we also represent the victims of health care fraud and hmo disputes .	除了表示受伤的个人外 , 我们还代表了一项负面的医疗治疗 , 我们也代表了健康护理欺诈和hmo争端的受害者 。
objective: to investigate the feasibility and potential roles of targetcontrolled propofol infusion in combination with enflurane inhalation in the oral and maxillofacial surgery .	目的:探讨目标控制提案的可行性和潜在作用 , 结合口腔和颌面外科手术治疗目标控制的方法 。
the major findings of this research were listed as follows: the elementary school special education teachers in kaohsiung and pingtung areas were willing to use technology integration ;	本研究的主要研究成果是:高雄和平通地区的基础学校特殊教育教师 , 愿意使用技术集成 ;
rob patz , kristen stewart and the rest of the gang are already filming the third movie in the twilight series eclipse in canada . eclipse is due out in may 2010 .	罗勃·帕茨 , 克里斯·斯蒂瓦特和其它人已经在加拿大的第三部电影拍摄了第三部电影 。 eclipse于2010年5月在加拿大举行的第三部电影 。
article 16 the state science and technology commission shall , jointly with other departments concerned , inspect at regular intervals the new and high technology industries development zones .	第十六条国家科技委员会应当与其它部门关注的 , 经常对新技术产业开发区进行检查 。
the influences of managerial culture on employee's work motivations are regarded widely , but there isn't an exercisable framework on relations between culture and work motivations till now .	管理文化对员工工作动机的影响很广 , 但在文化与工作动机之间的关系中 , 管理文化的影响并不显著 。
it is tough work for the multinational crew of 30 in this roughandready little boat , prettified below deck with posters of orangutans and sunflowers painted in the toilets .	在这艘粗糙的小船中 , 30名跨国船员很难工作 , 下面有橙色人和太阳花在厕所里涂上的地方 。
gold has weakened its link to other commodities this year , managing to rise strongly in the first half while oil and copper slipped . this reflects its increasing value as a currency play .	黄金今年将其与其它商品的联系在一半的石油和铜堆上升 , 这反映了它的价值随着货币的发挥而增加 。
they're breaking out of the conventional life pattern go to school , fall in love , get married , buy a house , have babies...instead , they've skipped some steps and added others .	他们正在从传统生活模式中断出来 , 去学校 , 爱情 , 结婚 , 买房子 , 还有婴儿...相反 , 他们已经跳过了一些步骤 , 加上其他人 。
chained data structure keep hitset by its llength . it does not need to create ancestor nodes , so it can reduce the saving of none hitset and the room of matching the patterns .	连接数据结构保持了它的打击 , 它不需要创建祖先节点 , 因此它可以减少没有打击的节省和匹配模式的房间 。
once you're in proper position you need to relax your drawingside arm muscles . remember that this is easiest when your drawwrist is kept straight and forearm muscles are relaxed .	一旦你在适当的位置 , 你需要放松你的手臂肌肉 。 记住 , 当你的手腕保持直直臂和前臂肌肉时 , 这是很容易的 。
separately , toyota said monday it has expanded a u . s . service campaign for leaking oil hoses to cover 934 , 000 vehicles with sixcylinder engines .	另外 , 丰田周一表示 , 它已经扩大了一个美国的服务运动 , 以便泄漏油泵 , 以覆盖934 , 000辆用六缸发动机的车辆 。
but it it requires that i pull out a book to understand more of the topic , or exchange numerous emails with the sender to figure out more details about the problem , i simply do not have the time .	但它要求我推出一本书来了解更多的话题 , 或者与发送者交换很多电子邮件 , 让我想出更多关于这个问题的细节 , 我只是没有时间 。
in the current issue of natural history , yale professor frank a . beach tells how lower primates can learn to love money ; some even turn into subhuman capitalists .	在当前的自然历史问题中 , 耶鲁教授弗兰克·a.海滩告诉了一些低级的同性能如何学到爱金钱 , 有些甚至还会变成潜在的资本家 。
getting independent news from north korea is extremely rare but china correspondent damian grammaticas has travelled to the border to meet north koreans who have recently escaped .	从朝鲜获得独立的消息非常罕见 , 但中国相关的大坝语法学家已经走到了边界 , 以满足最近逃离的朝鲜人 。
therefore , in order to ensure to fairly deal with cases of arbitration , national arbitration legislation and civil legislation , all have the system of judicial supervision of arbitral awards .	因此 , 为了确保公平处理仲裁案件 , 国家仲裁立法和民事立法案件 , 都有仲裁委员会的司法监督制度 。
his father , alois , is thought to have been the illegitimate offspring of a maid and a 19yearold jewish man . this would have made the man who inspired the holocaust onequarter jewish .	他的父亲阿洛伊斯被认为是一个女性和一个19岁的犹太人 , 这将使得这个男人激励了一季的犹太人 。
rights groups say government troops killed at least 41 civilians tuesday throughout syria , including 20 in an assault on the central protest hub of helfaya .	权利组织表示 , 政府部队至少在周二在叙利亚的41名公民死亡 , 其中包括20名在中央抗议中心抗议中心的抗议中心 。
a local official tells the newspaper that in response to demand , the oneday tour will include a visit to beichuan high school , where students were buried in the rubble .	一位当地官员告诉报纸 , 要求回应的报纸 , 第一天的旅游将包括访问北川高中 , 学生被埋在垃圾中 。
as luck would have it , there happens to be a woman out there named belle with a heart big enough to share with unfortunatelooking people such as the beast , and she's not too bad to look at either .	就像幸运的那样 , 有一个女人在那里被命名为 " 钟 " 的时候 , 就像兽人那样 , 她不会太糟糕的看着 。
if only the xmx setting is used , 25% of the xmx value is used for the maximum nursery size , and the size of the nursery is permitted to grow and shrink within that 25% .	如果只使用xmx设置 , xmx值的25%是用于最大护理尺寸的 , 而护士尺寸则允许在那25%内增长和缩小 。
the other is a conflict that america did not seek ; one in which we are joined by 42 other countries including norway in an effort to defend ourselves and all nations from further attacks .	另一方面是一个冲突 , 美国并没有寻求 ; 我们是由42个国家加入的 , 包括挪威在努力保护自己和进一步攻击的国家加入的 。
one dollar store had not open yet , so i went into no frills . its dish detergent was expensive , so i picked up two cups of yogurt and told the cashier gave me some quarters .	然而 , 我还没有打开一美元的商店 , 所以我没有打开 , 所以它的迪什消退是昂贵的 , 所以我拿了两杯瑜伽 , 告诉赌场给了我一些季度 。
in the framework of this request , cen and cenelec will develop one or several horizontal standard containing generic requirements applicable to various types of energyrelated products .	在本请求的框架下 , cen和cenelec将开发一个或几个水平的标准 , 包含在各种类型的能量相关产品的通用要求 。
the method is divided into two working procedures when in the lighting wheel integrated processing , i . e . , the surface cut is a former procedure and the extrusion processing is a latter procedure .	本方法分为光轮集成加工过程中两种工作程序 , 如表面切割是前程序 , 挤出加工是后程序 。
blake said that on june 2 there will be both privatesector and government meetings , including the u . s . india business council , which will be holding its 35th annual meeting .	布莱克说 , 在6月2日 , 将会有私营部门和政府会议 , 包括印度商务委员会 , 这将在印度举行35年会议 。
telemarketers will not be permitted to call any of the numbers on the national donotcall list , unless they already have an existing business relationship with the consumer or individual .	电信市场不会被允许打电话 , 除非他们已经与消费者或个人有关 , 否则他们已经有一个现有的业务关系 。
brazil's drought is limited to isolated areas ; with the exception of rio grande do sul and parana , where irreversible damage appears to be widespread throughout the state .	巴西的干旱有限于孤立区域 ; 除了里奥大陆的除了里约和巴拉那之外 , 在那里 , 没有可逆的破坏似乎是在全国范围内广泛传播 。
an even more hazardous device , popular in america , was the instantaneous light boxa bottle filled with sulphuric acid into which splints treated with chemicals were dipped .	一个更加危险的装置 , 美国流行 , 是当时的光盒 , 充满了硫酸 , 用化学物分裂处理的硫酸填充在一起 。
and in the dream she was told by a lady by the name of nice virtures accomplished that some tibetans could also see the contents of the website in the lake just as through a computer monitor screen .	在梦中 , 她被一位女士告诉过 , 她的名字完成了一些藏族人也可以看到湖里的网站内容 , 就像电脑监视屏幕一样 。
tacit knowledge is the highly individual knowledge that has accumulated a wealth of experience and can't make a systematic exposition , that is , can be sensed , but not explained in words .	策略知识是积累经验丰富的个人知识 , 无法制造系统暴露 , 也可以感觉到 , 但不能解释词语 。
this type of scenario usually occurs when clevel executives who want to drive business and it change across the enterprise provide proactive sponsorship to aid their strategic agendas .	这种类型的场景通常发生在那些想要驱动业务的cleve级执行官时 , 它会改变企业提供积极的支持来帮助他们的战略议程 。
utilising wild country's 'extended eps system' – the 360 offers market leading front , side and rear impact protection , making it one of the safest helmets available .	利用野外国家的 " 扩展eps系统 " --360提供市场前沿、侧面和后面影响 , 使它成为可用的最安全的头盔之一 。
beijing ya wen sheng ya painting art sales center was founded in 1995 , hall established the world's largest artist communitiesbeijing songzhuang artist village .	1995年 , 北京文山画艺术销售中心成立于1995年 , 大厅建立了世界上最大的艺术家宋庄艺术家村 。
membership in oaspa is open to both scholar publishers and professional publishing organizations , including university presses and for profit and nonprofit organizations .	澳大利亚学出版商和专业出版社开放 , 包括大学出版社和非营利组织 。
these specialists know how to operate the diagnostic and treatment equipment used in that particular branch of medicine , but they are also trained in emergency intervention techniques such as cpr .	这些专家知道如何运行诊断和治疗设备 , 尤其是医药的分支 , 但他们也在紧急干预等紧急干预技术 。
the waterfire tube boiler with threestructure assembling is a new idea of dzl type hot water boilers . twostep series inject technology is applied in this type boiler recently .	采用三个结构组装的水火管锅炉是dzl型热水锅炉的新思想 , 最近在本类锅炉中应用两步连续注射技术 。
six months later , donations allow a bridge to be built between the two mountains and wawa finally gets to walk to school , wearing the boots his sister wanted to give to him .	六个月后 , 捐赠允许一座桥梁建在两座山之间 , wa终于走到学校 , 穿着靴子想给他 。
the cold spell in the northwestern cupped both the invasion and retain a subtropical air temperature and humidity , is a typical north to the warm temperate subtropical climate transition .	西北热带气候变化是一个典型的北热带北热带气候变化 。
it is studied further that the dissolubility of the bismuthous sulfide in the solutions of the nonoxidative strong acid through the experiment by means of chemical thermodynamics .	通过化学热力学实验 , 研究了二氧化硫在非氧化强酸溶解中的不溶性 。
this paper analyses the reason , harm and forming process distortion of the rotor winding on the end of turbogenerators with various kinds in frequent cyclic operation and suggests preventive measure .	本文分析了转子绕线的原因、危害和形成过程对涡轮发电机末端的影响 , 提出了预防措施 。
mcdonald's spokeswoman told the wall street journal last week the company couldn't rule out the possibility of replacing osi as a supplier over the long term .	mcdonald的发言人上周告诉华尔街日报 , 该公司不能规定更换osi的可能性 。
as a rule , the trend will turn up in the middle of the third week and close higher at the end of the third week , the stock only moving 3 weeks against the main trend .	作为一个规则 , 第三周中期的趋势将在第三周中期 , 第三周末 , 股市只有3周移动对主流的股市趋势 。
cla shows a remarkable anticancer effect and offers other nutritional benefits . this paper discusses cla's multiple physiological multifunctionality and its pathogenesis .	阐述了一种显著的抗癌效果 , 提供了其它营养效益 , 讨论了cla的多生理多功能及其病理生成 。
japan's osaka sangyo university released an official apology on june 10 because one employee called the confucius institute a cultural intelligence agency .	日本osakasangyo大学公布了6月10日的官方道歉 , 因为一名雇员称之为孔子学院文化智能机构 。
the first stirrings of a backlash have already been felt about the socalled " olympic lanes " that will whisk 18 , 000 athletes and officials around the capital during the games .	第一次被称为 " 奥林匹克巷 " , 这将在比赛期间举行18000名运动员和官员在首都周围举行的 " 奥运巷 " 。
there was very significant difference in bacteria number between group i and group ii . the efficacy of cleaning hand with xiaodulin was obviously superior to that of washing hand with suds .	在i组和组i组之间的细菌数量有显著差异 , 小ulin的清洗手效果明显优于洗手效果 。
in a young woman with no physical findings indicating malignancy , the patient should return 3 to 10 days after the next menstruation begins to determine if the lump regresses .	在一个年轻的妇女中 , 没有物理发现表明恶性 , 患者应该在下一个月经仪器后3至10天返回3至10天 。
comprehensive randomized controlled spa intervention studies with longer followup periods may be helpful in further delineating the therapeutic efficacy of balneotherapy in as patients .	综合随机控制空间干预研究 , 随访时间长 , 可能有助于进一步探讨balnew治疗的临床疗效 。
i understand that in all circumstances during the period of my stay in chinaas a volunteer , the sowers action will not be held liable for any issues or incidents arose out of my other capacities .	我明白在我在中国的一位志愿者期间 , 在所有的情况下 , 解决方案不会对任何问题或事件发生在我国的其他能力之外 。
one of the most handy menu entries in gnome is the connect to server entry in the places menu . this allows the user to connect to nearly any type of server quickly and easily .	在gnome中最好的菜单条目之一是服务器进入的连接 , 这允许用户可以快速连接到任何类型服务器 。
at the foot of the mountains , international kindergarten attached to sun yatsen university is situated in a pleasant environment with a good view of fabulous sights .	在山脚上 , 国际幼儿园附近太阳雅特森大学的国际幼儿园坐落在一个愉快的环境中 , 景观良好的景观 。
conclusions . use of 3 induced sputum samples was more sensitive than use of 3 gastric washings for diagnosis of tuberculosis in patients who could not expectorate spontaneously .	结论:采用3种诱导的痰样本比自发诊断结核病人3例胃清洗更敏感 。
his eastern policies mainly focused on alliances with tartars of mongolia , aiming to consolidate its position of power within rus and gain stable status during the fight against the west .	他的东方政策主要集中在蒙古的联盟 , 旨在巩固其在俄罗斯和西方战争中获得稳定的权力位置 。
we took lots of pictures as we drove through texas , new mexico , arizona , california , nevada , utah , colorado , nebraska , and all the way into minnesota .	我们从德克萨斯、新墨西哥、亚利桑那州、加利福尼亚州、尼泊拉多州、科罗拉多州、尼布拉斯加州、尼布拉斯加州、新墨西哥州、尼苏达州、尼泊拉多州、新墨西哥州、尼苏达州、尼加州、尼泊拉多州、尼苏达州、纽约以及所有的路线 。
but it reflects the fact that , like past world’s fairs , the shanghai expo is intended mainly to impress a domestic audience – well over 90 percent of visitors come from the host country .	但是 , 就像过去的世界公平一样 , 上海世博会主要是印象国内观众 , 以及超过90%的游客来自主国 。
on the day of the marathon i started well , but after half marathon i developed muscle cramps on both legs which caused me to fall on the tarmac , which caused my right knee to be badly bruised .	在马拉松的那天 , 我开始很好 , 但是在半个马拉松之后 , 我开发了两只腿的肌肉裂纹 , 导致我下落在塔姆拉克 , 这导致我的右膝盖严重破坏 。
two israelis , shai pollicker , a medical engineer , and dr . edy soffer , a prominent gastroenterologist , joined a seattlebased engineering team to help with the design .	以色列两名以色列人 , 沙利波利克博士 , 医疗工程师 , 埃德伊·索夫斯博士 , 一个突出的气体生理学家 , 加入了一个基于satle的工程团队 , 帮助设计 。
phoebe looks out the window dubiously . “this reminds me of that movie where the family in an rv pulls into a little town and the mutants come out at night and eat them . ”	菲比很可能地看着窗户 。 " 这提醒我在rv里的那部电影里 , 家庭在一个小镇里拉进了一座小镇 , 夜间吃了它们 。 "
based on the implementation of a strategy aimed at technological innovation , china should step up exploration and development in order to secure more reserves and to reduce exposure to oil imports .	针对技术创新的战略实施 , 我国应采取更多的勘探开发 , 为了保证油进口的储备和降低油进口的暴露 。
witnesses and security camera video of the gunmen built a portrait of them as young men dressed in jeans and trendy tshirts , bearing rucksacks and guns .	目击者和安全相机视频的枪手建立了一支肖像 , 因为年轻的男人穿着牛仔裤和潮流的t恤衫 , 轴承橡木和枪 。
one generalpurpose eigenvalue routine , a singleshift complex qz algorithm not in linpack or eispack , was developed for all complex and generalized eigenvalue problems .	针对linpack或eispack中单移复杂的qz算法 , 开发了一般常用的特征值通常 , 并对所有复杂和普遍化的原始值问题进行了研究 。
in the recent years , researchers have made their studies of european work satisfaction from its relation with work agreement , worktime , marriage and family status , gender and age , and work autonomy .	近年来 , 研究人员对欧洲工作满意度、工作时间、婚姻状况、性别和年龄、工作自治关系进行了研究 。
wellheeled shoppers and alfresco diners keep the place busy until late , and if you are looking for a memorable meal or a browse through some of shanghai's more fashionable shops , this is the place .	幸运的购物者和阿尔弗雷斯科饭店 , 直到晚些时尚的地方 , 如果你正在寻找一个可记忆的餐厅或是浏览上海的一些商店 , 这是一个地方 。
in order to improve the production efficiency of the clothing manufacturing industry , it must combine the body measure , pattern design and clothing making of traditional clothing production .	为了提高服装制造业的生产效率 , 必须结合身体测量、模式设计和服装制造的传统服装生产 。
the related expenses incurred for the transfer of technology will not be qualified as tax deduction items unless the corresponding contract is approved by the relevant authorities .	技术转移的相关费用不会被相关机构批准 , 除非相关合同之外 , 否则不会作为税收导致项目 。
currently the mixing proportion of shieldmortar usually use orthogonal test , the shortcomings of which lie in the need of lots of experiments and inevitable much waste of time and money .	目前盾牌的混合比例通常使用正交测试 , 其中的缺点在于很多实验和不可避免的时间和金钱的需求 。
among sugarsweetened beverages , cutting out just 1 serving daily was associated with a weight loss of 1 . 1 pounds at 6 months and 1 . 4 pounds at 18 months .	在糖尿饮料中 , 每天只有1磅的饮料减少了1.1磅 , 在18个月和1.4磅 。
china has very serious disaster of frozen and permafrost , therefore , effective and longterm monitor of frozen and permafrost is significant to provide reference information for potential disaster .	因此 , 我国冻结霜冻结和冻结冻结非常严重 , 冻结长期监测对冻结冻结和冻结冻结的有效性和长期监测具有重要的参考意义 。
the biological features of lycopene , such as molecular structure , metabolism , tissue distribution and its anti cancer function and possible mechanism are reviewed .	综述了lcopene的生物学特点 , 如分子结构、代谢、组织分布及其抗癌功能及可能的机制 。
results: the direct manifestations included bile duct truncation in 9 cases , irregular eccentrical or endocentric narrow in 9 cases , and irregular filling defect in 1 case .	结果:直接表现为9例 , 无规则中心或内心狭窄9例 , 1例无规则填充缺陷 。
editra allows you to navigate menus without mousing with its menu mnemonics , automatically checks for updates during startup and allows you to set preferred fonts in your preferences .	编辑器允许您在启动期间自动检查更新菜单的菜单 , 并允许您在您的喜爱中设置更好的字体 。
the simulated high head with large vertical velocity of gravitycurrent , the large velocity of underrun and the dense isentropes in the front are closely consistent with those observed .	模拟的高速垂直速度 , 运行的大速度大 , 前面的密度分布密度与观测结果密切相符 。
proponents of gm foods argue using biotechnology in the production of food products has many benefits: it speeds up the process of breeding plants and animals with desired characteristics ;	利用生物技术对食品产品生产中的gm食品的支持有很多好处:加快饲养植物和动物的发展过程 ;
called up for military service , mr . marokvia spent the war as an illustrator for the wehrmacht , applying brush and pencil in ukraine , italy , finland and yugoslavia .	为军事服务而呼吁 , 马里克维亚先生花了战争作为威尔马赫特、在乌克兰、意大利、芬兰和乌克斯拉维亚的暴力者 。
the stronger one must drive out the devil with beelzebub , as the saying goes , to present a dose of countermagic in order to neutralize and overcome that which supports established rule .	为了中性化和克服建立规则 , 必须用贝尔泽布推出更强的魔鬼 。
it follows that there is an absolute artistic criterion which means that the unique feelings of every individual is empathized by every other individual through images that can't be duplicated .	随后 , 有一个绝对的艺术标准 , 意味着每个人都是独特的感觉都是通过图像来实现的 , 每个人都不能复制的 。
iran said the worm was used to attack computers at its bushehr nuclear reactor . there has been widespread speculation that stuxnet actually damaged the plant , something iran denies .	伊朗说 , 这些虫子被用来攻击它的巴赫尔核反应堆的电脑 , 有很多广泛的猜测 , 实际上已经破坏了这个植物 , 一些伊朗否认的东西 。
compared with chaos shift keying , mdcsk has an advantage that multilevel digital signals can be encrypted , by using multiscroll encryption parameters .	与混沌转移关键相比 , mdcsk具有多层数字信号可加密的优点 , 采用多层加密参数 。
this paper explores key issues related to innovation in libraries including the nature , the barriers , and the nays to adopt and implement innovative strategies successfully .	本文探讨了相关于图书馆创新的关键问题 , 包括自然、障碍以及成功采用和实现创新策略 。
the code from hsqldbutil . runscripttool was refactored to create a method named launch , which gets the project , main class name and commandline arguments as method parameters .	从hsqldbutil.runscriptool中反映出一种名为启动的方法 , 它得到了项目、主类名称和命令行参数的方法 。
russia's twotime olympic pole vault champion and world record holder yelena isinbayeva announced early sunday she is to take an indefinite break from the sport .	俄罗斯的两次奥运极球冠军和世界记录的伊莱娜·伊斯巴耶娃星期天早些时候宣布 , 她是要从体育中取得一定的突破 。
trade secrets law can be regarded as the interests distribution and juristic selections and integration between public interests of the society and the monopoly interests of trade secrets owners .	贸易秘密法作为社会公共利益与贸易秘密所有者垄断利益之间的利益分配和司法选择和整合 。
taliban fighters appear to have been prepared to blow up large numbers of people in order to assassinate a single target , such as a highranking government official or police chief .	塔利班战斗机似乎已经准备打破大批人 , 为了减少单一目标 , 例如高级政府官员或警察部长 。
soft x ray microscopy is a microimaging technique using soft x ray as illuminative source . it fills the gap between optical and electron microscopy .	软x射线显微镜是一种采用软x射线作为光源的微成像技术 , 它填充了光学和电子显微镜之间的差距 。
weifang threepower group co . , ltd . is a high and new technology manufacturer , which professionally manufacture tobacco extracts , solanesol and nicotine two big series .	福阳三电力集团有限公司是一家高新技术制造商 , 专业制造烟草提取物 , 索兰醇和尼古丁两大系列 。
in order to improve the correct rate of eye locating , an algorithm for the refinement of face boundaries and a multilevel eye detection scheme are included in this method .	为了提高眼睛位置的正确率 , 为了提高脸边界的精度和多层眼检测方案 。
abstract : objective oral mucosa irritation and subcutaneous implantation tests were launched to study the histocompatibility of microarc oxidized zrcualag bulk metallic glass .	摘要:开展客观口腔粘膜灌注试验 , 研究了微粒氧化zrc大型金属玻璃的组织兼容性 。
former arsenal midfielder gilberto has tipped denilson , his successor in the heart of the gunners' midfield , to receive a callup from the brazil national team .	前阿森纳中场吉尔伯托已经提醒了丹利逊 , 他的继任者在枪手中场 , 接受了来自巴西国家队的呼吁 。
among the few c . i . a . officials who knew thedetails of the detention and interrogation program , there was a tense debateabout where to draw the line in terms of treatment .	在一些c.i.a官员中 , 知道拘留和审查程序细节的官员中 , 有一个紧张的辩论负责人在处理条件下绘制线 。
the opening titles inform us that in 1860 , after the collapse of the tokugawa dynasty , samurai were left unemployed and wandered the countryside in search of work .	1860年 , 开放的冠军告诉我们 , 在东加瓦的崩溃之后 , 萨米拉伊被失业 , 并且在寻找工作的时候 , 就在寻找乡村 。
i feel much gratitude and deeply indebted to the grand master for his vision , devotion , dana , and diligence to bring buddhism to the u . s . a . and to all sentient beings .	我感到很高兴 , 深深地对他的视觉、偏见、dana和勤奋 , 给美国带来佛教 , 并且对所有的句子都有一定的意义 。
simon ellson , a security expert for antivirus computer firm norton , emphasised that it's crucial to change passwords frequently and avoid repetitions in them .	西蒙·埃尔森是一家用于抗病毒公司诺顿的安全专家 , 强调 , 对于改变密码频繁并避免重复的关键 。
through experimental measurements , the surface treatment of steel smoke is only 0 . 008 relative reflectance , absorption device can be used as ideal inside coating material .	通过实验测量 , 钢烟的表面处理只是0.008相对反射 , 吸收装置可以作为理想的涂层材料 。
jing literary school's imagery is a special flay phenomenon in the stage of china traditional culfure's changing into modem culture , and it has a special aesthetic value .	京文学院的形象是我国传统自我变成现代文化时期的特殊平坦现象 , 具有特殊的美学价值 。
the feudal provincial system is the original creation of han wudi on the basis of the successful experiences of the systems for supervision and control of the officials in qin and han dynasties .	封建省制度是汉武迪的原始创作 , 是以秦汉官员监督和控制为基础的成功经验为依据 。
after the meeting , another blogger , zhou shuguang , shared his impressions: 'it shows that the u . s . government and beijing have totally different ways of working . in the u . s .	在会议之后 , 周淑光共享了他的印象: " 这表明 , 美国政府和北京已经完全不同的工作方式 。
to promote the applications of ferrites in those areas , it is necessary to synthesize monodisperse superparamagnetic nanostructured ferrites particles with high saturation magnetization .	为了提高铁矿在这些领域的应用 , 需要合成单体超磁纳米超磁纳米粒子 , 合成高饱和磁化的铁粒子 。
methods examine the 34 patients with ultrasonic b and the mirror for anterior chamber angle , then extractive the foreign body in the anterior chamber angle under the eye speculum .	方法对34例超声波b患者及前室角的镜像进行检查 , 然后在眼下抽取前室角外体 。
malaysian prime minister abdullah badawi is facing calls for his resignation , after his ruling coalition lost critical ground to opposition parties in general elections .	马来西亚总理abdullahbadawi正面对他辞职的呼吁 , 经过他统治联盟失去了关键的地方 , 将军选举中反对党 。
in the movie before the rain , the photographer who has gone through the difficulties of war in bosniaherzogovina utters nonsense as he throws away the film which won him an award .	在电影之前 , 拍摄者在波斯尼亚佐戈维纳战争困难的摄影师 , 因为他扔掉了电影 , 他赢得了他奖的影片 。
in this paper , the structureactivity relationships and pharmacological properties of the resveratrol derivatives as a potent chemopreventive agent are reviewed and discussed .	综述了转化rol衍生物的结构活性与药理学性能 , 作为一种潜在的化学预防剂 。
article 399 agent's obligation to follow instruction ; deviation from instruction the agent shall handle the entrusted affair in accordance with the instruction of the principal .	第三十九条代理的义务 , 遵循指令 ; 从指令的偏差 , 按照原则的指令处理信任事务 。
since then , our bilateral relations have made remarkable achievements thanks to efforts of both sides . the two countries have had frequent contacts at the top and other levels .	自那以来 , 我们的双边关系对双边关系产生了显著的成就 , 感谢双方的努力 , 两国在顶部和其他水平上有频繁的联系 。
in recent years , radix puerariae powder , whose comprehensive value in use has been improved gradually became significant officinal and raw material for industry production .	近年来 , radixpueria粉末 , 采用的综合价值逐步提高了工业生产的官方和原料 。
the enlistment of a citizen eligible for enlistment may be deferred if he is the only worker in his family providing its means of substance or if he is a student in a fulltime school .	如果他是他家里唯一的工人 , 或是他是一个完整的时候学校的学生 , 那么 , 公民的实施也许会被剥夺 。
as a result , the thick of branches has great effect on youg trees . it has direct relation with its survival rate , growing conditions as well as commercial rate of young fig trees .	结果 , 分支的厚度对青春树有很大的影响 , 与其生存率直接关系 , 生长条件和年轻的图形树的商业率有较大的影响 。
this study described the quantitative simulation of exciting conduction velocity affection on cardiac rhythm with three dimensions realistic torsoheart geometry models .	本文介绍了三维现实扭转几何模型激励运动速度对心律节奏影响的量化模拟 。
two kinds of typical clonal growth architectures , guerilla and phalanx in potaninia mongolica maxim . , which are regarded as the best material in researching clone population .	两种典型的克隆生长体系结构、古拉拉和法兰x , 是研究克隆人群的最佳材料 。
libeskind is the master planner behind the redevelopment of new york's world trade center site , which is expected to face years of delays and significant cost overruns .	利比斯金德是纽约世界贸易中心开发的主要计划者 , 预计将面临多年的延迟和重要成本过度运行 。
the glass free ampoule is comprised of a onepiece molded polyethylene or polypropylene unit that remains intact and sealed until activated by the user .	玻璃免费ampoule是由一个pice模拟的聚乙烯或聚丙烯单元组成的 , 直到用户激活 。
aiming at the problems in chinese medicine education at that time , " the letter from five wellknown scholars " was an effort to keep the principal part nature of chinese medicine education .	针对当时我国医学教育的问题 , " 五名著名学者的信件 " 是保持中医教育的主要内容 。
joel and rachel hoffman , who had been working for the charity mennonite central committee in the country for four months , suffered minor injuries in the earthquake .	乔尔和霍夫曼一直在为慈善男性中心委员会工作 , 四个月的慈善男性中心委员会 , 在地震中受到少数伤害 。
compared with that of the world , china's incidence of tooth decay is not high among students of primary and secondary schools . more prominent however , is the lack of its timely treatment .	与这个世界相比 , 中国的牙齿衰退的发生并不高于初中中学生 , 更突出的是 , 然而 , 中国的牙齿衰退的发病是缺乏时间处理 。
the u . s . population has been growing about 1 percent yearly since 1950 , and nearly 40 percent of that growth is due to foreignborn individuals coming into the united states .	自1950年以来 , 美国人口增长约1% , 近40%的增长是因为外国出生的个体来到美国 。
noneuro countries highlighted the damage the european crisis was already doing to their economies and underlined the urgent need for action by the 17nation single currency area .	诺内罗国家突出欧洲危机已经对其经济产生了严重影响 , 并对17个国家单币区的行动的紧急需求进行了理论分析 。
apparent nitrogen digestibility exhibits quadratic curve relationship with dietary ip levels and the highest n digestibility occurs in 18 . 07% ip diet .	18.07%的ip饮食中 , 显著的氮消化程度与饮食ip水平的二次曲线关系以及最高的n消化率在18.07% 。
" in addition , gillian also revealed that during the visit , at all shooting off in many films , most enjoy are " beyond our ken " , she even had the film was nominated for best actress golden .	" 此外 , 吉利安还揭示了在访问期间 , 在很多电影中 , 大多数人都喜欢 " 超越我们的肯尼 " , 她甚至还有这部电影为最好的女演员黄金提名 。
rc has always been steadily developing and abided the principle of winwin . in the variational industry and market , they are trying to take on flourishing vigor and a steady ascend .	rc一直在稳定发展 , 制定了双赢的原则 , 在变化的行业和市场中 , 他们正试图采取面积活力和稳定的提升 。
other presidents , notably lincoln , were prepared in emergency circumstances to violate the constitution , as when lincoln suspended habeas corpus at the outset of the civil war ;	其他总统 , 明显的林肯在紧急情况下被制定为违反宪法 , 就像林肯在民间战争出现的时候悬挂了哈比亚公司 ;
american said in the u . s . borrow money on life , the car can not sell because the old lady and filled with goose six " economic crisis " is finally the haze has been wiped out .	美国人说 , 在美国借钱在生活上 , 汽车不能卖掉 , 因为老妇人和谷歌六个 " 经济危机 " 终于被破坏了 。
we need to make clear the connection between animal research and a grandmother's hip replacement , a father's bypass operation a baby's vaccinations , and even a pet's shots .	我们需要清楚动物研究与祖母的hip替换之间的联系 , 父亲的副手术是婴儿的疫苗 , 甚至是宠物的照片 。
conclusion:the risk factors for graft failure after pk were corneal vascularization , regraft , aphakia or pseudophakia , presence of anterior or posterior synechia .	结论:pk术后移植失败的危险因素是角膜血管化、移植、假冒症或预后同步症的风险因素 。
almost everything in this temple of consumption , including its lavish layouts and the celebrities who now most often adorn its covers , 35 ) hinges on stuff for sale .	几乎所有的东西都是消费的 , 包括它的劳动布局和现在大多数现在最常装饰的名人 , 35 ) 就在销售 。
" virtually every part of the industry , from upstream to downstream , is completely indonesian: the farmers , the factory owners and workers , the distributors , the sellers and the market , " he said .	他说: " 事实上 , 从上游到下游的每一部分 , 都是印尼的:农民 , 工厂所有者和工厂 , 分销商 , 销售商 , 销售商和市场 。 "
milan are not dismantling . until today , aside from others who didn't play much , players like emerson and senderos have left , as well as shevchenko and mattioni who haven't been reclaimed .	米兰在今天不会失望 。 直到今天 , 除非那些没有玩得多的球员 , 比如艾默森和桑德罗斯的球员也离开了 , 还有谢夫切科和爱丽丝科的比赛 。
by analyzing cases of landscape architecture design , the meaning of literature rhetoric which is used for reference is illustrated , such as hyperbole , figuration and symbolization .	通过对景观建筑设计案例的分析 , 阐述了用来参考的文献流变学意义 , 例如超波、理论、符号化等 。
in order to donate pollen to recipient stigmas efficiently , animalpollinated plants have evolved a variety of floral characteristics . pollen presentation schedule is one of them .	为了有效地捐赠花粉 , 动物污染的植物已经进化了各种颜色特性 , 花粉表示方案是其中之一 。
i admit that i was disappointed to read the uefa motivations after they decided to readmit us to the tournament , but i don't believe that we will encounter any additional obstacle for this reason .	我承认 , 在他们决定阅读我们的比赛之后 , 我失望阅读uefa动机 , 但我不相信我们会遇到更多的障碍 。
penny hardaway scored 22 points , including the gamewinning shot with three seconds left , as the orlando magic defeated the defending champion houston rockets 9290 .	宾尼·辛达韦22分 , 包括3秒左右的比赛 , 奥兰多魔法击败了冠军休斯顿火箭9290场 。
" people who would otherwise be in cds or ultrasafe assets are taking greater risks , " says martin fridson , global credit strategist , bnp paribas investment partners .	全球信贷策略师martinfridson说: " 否则在cds或超安全资产的人们正在采取更大的风险 。 "
one of them is land for unused , which will increase the forest coverage rate 4 . 1 percentage points . waterfront , roads , farmland and other green potential between 1 . 919 . 27 percentage points .	其中一个是不用的土地 , 它将增加森林覆盖率4.1% 。 水面前、公路、农田和其他绿色潜力点之间的1.919.27% 。
in the case of the novelists , the romantic vision tended to express itself in the form hawthorne called the " romance , " a heightened , emotional , and symbolic form of the novel .	在小说家的情况下 , 浪漫视觉倾向于表达自己称为 " 浪漫浪漫 " 、高度、情感和象征形式的小说 。
" the most successful one was the first that was held in houston , texas in 2005 , during which we received more than us$20 million , " lang recalled , " the number exceeded all our expectations . "	" 最成功的是2005年在德克萨斯州休斯顿举行的第一次 , 我们收到了2000万美元 , " 朗回忆道 , " 数字超过了我们的期望 。 "
" really , it's nothing now for me to deal with these small injuries like hamstring or groin strains – i can understand them , " the 26yearold told the official matchday programme .	" 实际上 , 现在我不会对这些小伤害进行处理 , 比如锤子或槽状应变 , 我可以理解他们 , " 26岁的孩子告诉官方比赛节目 。
from aix 5 . 2 , setting n to b or higher changes the memory layout — it no longer uses segments d and f for shared libraries and allows them to be used for native storage or mmapping .	从aix5.2中设置n到b或更高的内存布局-它不再使用分享库和f共享的f段 , 允许它们用于本土存储或mmapping 。
but now , if we were to fix upon this one aspect of the counter culture — its mystic tendencies and principled funkiness — we would not be doing justice to the deep ambiguity of the movement .	但如今 , 如果我们要在这个方面固定对抗文化的某个方面 , 那么它的神秘倾向和原则的乐趣 , 我们就不会正义于运动的深远远远远程度 。
the houston metro system has successfully tested the breathe safe system , which uses ultraviolet germicidal irradiation to kill up to 99 percent of certain types of bacteria .	该系统成功地测试了呼吸安全系统 , 利用紫外线纺织物辐射来杀死某些细菌的99% 。
but although justice souter's dedication and integrity were beyond reproach , his hermetically sealed approach to the job limited his influence on the court and outside of it .	但是 , 尽管司法官的辩护和完整性超越了复兴 , 他的遗传封闭法律限制了他对法院外部的影响 。
eat: food rich in this mineral and therefore beneficial for arians to include in their diet are: tomatoes , beans , brown rice , lentils , walnuts , olives and onions .	吃:在这个矿物中富含食物 , 因此有利于亚人饮食中包括:番茄、豆类、豆类、棕色米、扁桃、扁桃、橄榄和洋葱 。
jennifer li , baidu's finance director , said: " baidu , the chinese music fans , recording artists and the record companies will all benefit from this winwin partnership . "	百度金融董事jenniferli说: " 百度 , 中国音乐迷 , 记录艺术家和记录公司都会从这个赢得伙伴关系中获益 。 "
for example , long distance telephone lines were expensive to install , and the first company to do so , a . t . &t . , wound up being the only provider of long distance service in the united states .	例如 , 长距离电话线是昂贵的安装 , 第一家公司是这样做的 , 第一家公司是美国唯一的长距离服务的供应商 。
taking secondary board market as its researching object , the thesis analyzes the catalogs , characteristics and targets of trading mechanisms by means of theoretical and empirical perspectives .	本文以二级董事会市场为研究对象 , 通过理论和经验角度分析了交易机制的目标、特点和目标 。
patients in the immune clearance and reactivation phases , with elevated alanine aminotransferase and hbv dna levels , are candidates for antiviral therapy .	免疫清除和反应阶段患者 , 高氨氨基氨基转移酶和hbvdna水平 , 是抗病毒治疗的候选人 。
at present , the little swan in the fourthclass city , second only to sales of haier , accounted for 13% , it is apparent that the company's future performance will be greatly improved .	目前 , 在第四级城市的小天鹅 , 第二个只是销售海尔 , 占13% , 显然公司未来的表现将大大提高 。
the provisions of subparagraphs 1 , 13 and 19 of paragraph 1 need not apply where an issuer has engaged a securities underwriter to publicly underwrite its ordinary corporate bonds .	第1、13页和19页面的订阅不需要申请发行人在哪里 , 发行人在公开编写其普通公司债券 。
some things that we have left to do are for example jsp tag library support in gsp , possible support for jpa as a plugin , and improvements to our unit testing infrastructure .	我们剩下的一些东西是例如jsp标记库支持gsp , 可能支持jpa作为插件 , 并对我们的单元测试基础设施进行改进 。
the product which has a rich flavour and buttery texture is traditionally a christmas delicacy in france , though it is eaten more widely in the south of the country throughout the year .	产品具有丰富的风味和蝴蝶纹理 , 传统上是法国圣诞节美味 , 尽管在今年的南方吃得更广泛 。
again this highlights the importance of decision making , composure and passing ability as the player will need to know when to run with the ball or get rid of it , careful not to be caught on the ball .	再次强调决策的重要性 , 组合性和传递能力 , 因为球员需要知道在跑球时 , 还需要知道 , 还是跑球 , 小心不要在球上抓到 。
“sitting close to the television may not make a child nearsighted , but a child may sit close to the television because he or she is nearsighted and undiagnosed , ” she reports .	她报道: " 坐在电视附近的电视机上可能不会让孩子们看见 , 但一个孩子可能会坐在电视上 , 因为他或她或她接近看见和不诊断 。 "
in order to cooperate happily , lou sheng promised to help kushima takahira out of baoding sales channels , to help lou sheng longping island boarded the baoding ruling position .	为了合作快乐 , 路胜承诺帮助库希马·塔卡希拉出售渠道 , 帮助路盛长平岛登陆了基地规则的地位 。
the last time such a large ice island formed was in 1962 when the ward hunt ice shelf calved an island . smaller pieces of that chunk became lodged between real islands inside nares strait .	最后一次 , 冰岛形成于1962年 , 爱德华·亨特·费尔夫镇定了一个岛屿 , 那块春天的小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小岛在内部的海岸 。
this article introduces the development and application test of japanese high performance industrial furnaces , such as reheating furnace , heat treatment furnace and smelting furnace etc .	介绍了日本高性能工业炉的开发和应用试验 , 如加热炉、热处理炉等 。
if a college degree from a school you never see sounds strange , then consider this: the ou is considered britain’s largest university with over 200 , 000 students enrolled .	如果你从学校里学习过的话 , 那么考虑到这是英国最大的大学生 , 那么 , 欧盟被认为是英国大学的20000多名学生 。
they lack experience and practical knowledge about the real world , " said yang xiaosong , ceo of an exclusive golf club , as his staff cast a keen eye over hopeful applicants .	他们缺乏对现实世界的经验和实践知识 , " 杨小雄说 , 作为一名独家高尔夫俱乐部的首席执行官 , 他的工作人员在希望申请者的关键眼睛 。
and , finally , after years of sanctions by the united states and the international community , a much older but equally combative colonel qaddafi was seemingly rehabilitated by the west .	最后 , 由美国和国际社会制造的多年后 , 美国和国际社会的制裁似乎正在被西方重建 。
conclusion under 37°c and protected from light , the kinetics of no released from snp was significantly influenced by the construction and spatial structure of thiols .	结论在37°c及其保护下 , np没有释放的动力学 , 通过建筑和空间结构的影响显著 。
all kinds of shortages and regrets of the used motorcycle seatsaddle will be overcome by using " caiyun " special seatcover with the function of solarization and health protection .	采用 " 蔡云 " 特殊座位功能和卫生保护 , 克服了使用摩托车座椅的各种短缺和遗憾 。
this five essential factor conformity forms a system , the science operation can produce the good teaching results , this science operation also is the new time teaching innovation specific measures .	这五个基本因素构成了一个系统 , 科学操作可以产生良好的教学效果 , 科学操作也是新时期教学创新措施 。
after this colossal failure , batch stole the remnants of the forces attached to terror and fled to the outer rim territories in his personal imperialclass star destroyer .	经过这个殖民失败后 , 巴特偷窃了附近的力量 , 逃离了他个人帝国的星星毁灭者的外部边缘地区 。
from the plm sample , monitor collects the useful information , such as the number of ecr status inquiry transactions in one month , the number of ecrs by status , and so on .	从plm样本中 , 监测器收集了有用的信息 , 例如在一个月内ecr状态调查事务的数量、地位的ecrs数量等 。
and jun han joint chiefs of staff chairman of the incident 49 minutes after receiving the report , when he was defense minister kim tae in 52 minutes after receiving the report .	在接受该报告后49分钟的职工总裁junhanhanjint在接受该报告之后 , 接受该报告后 , 他被国防部长金正在达成52分钟 。
the homebased care team consists of several nurses who jump into a small truck every morning and travel out to the community to tend to the health needs of the truly destitute2 .	基于家庭的护理团队由几个护士组成 , 他们每天早上跳进小卡车 , 然后走到社区 , 往往往往是真正的命运2的健康需要 。
the special sprinkling system of the body cleaner realizes the water spray with more than two states , thereby the body cleaning range and the body cleaning degree of the body cleaner are improved .	实现了体干净剂的特殊喷水系统 , 使体干净范围及体干净程度提高 。
the scene of their arrival at the airport , with an aircraft landing on the runway and their cages taken out of the plane , was broadcast live on japan's public broadcaster nhk .	机场上他们来到机场 , 飞机登陆在跑道上 , 他们的笼子在飞机上 , 被广播在日本公共广播公司nhk 。
her hair , a golden lock of which had escaped , seemed very thick , but was severely concealed beneath an ugly , tight , close , nunlike cap , tied under the chin .	她的头发 , 一块金色的头发 , 似乎很厚 , 但很严重地掩盖在一个丑陋的、紧紧密的、紧紧密的、紧紧密的帽子下 , 紧紧紧紧密的帽子 , 紧紧紧紧的下面 。
out of the 150 businesses surveyed , twothirds reported that their groupon promotions were profitable–but the remaining third claimed to have lost money on their groupon experience .	根据150家商业调查 , 三分之二的调查显示 , 他们的团体推广是利润的 , 但仍然是第三个声称 , 他们的团体经验失去了资金 。
andy: yes . but qatar also can wear their silver medals with immense pride , it is really a dark horse , it beat iran in a nailbiting battle in the other semifinal .	安迪:是的 。 但是卡塔尔还可以穿着银牌 , 拥有巨大的骄傲 , 这真是一匹黑马 , 它在另一半决赛中打败伊朗 。
some critics , judging the film by its trailers , accused mr . zhang of giving mr . damon a part that should have gone to an asian actor , a practice known as whitewashing .	一些批评家 , 通过电影判断电影 , 指责张先生给亚洲演员戴蒙先生的一部分 , 应该去亚洲演员 , 一个被称为白色洗衣的实践 。
fortunately , concepts like extreme programming and agile development have made it possible to get a lot of these same benefits without an entire team of people whacking on your code .	幸运的是 , 像极端编程和敏捷发展这样的概念 , 使得很多人能够获得很多相同的好处 , 没有一个整个人在编码上抽取的团队 。
under the situation that matrix organize , study style organize and nonboundary organize have mushroomed today , our choice ought to be based on the given circumstance and target .	在矩阵组织的情况下 , 研究风格组织和非边界组织今天已经缩小了 , 我们的选择应根据给定的环境和目标进行基础选择 。
the flavoring packet contains many spices , pork rib product and dehydrated spring onion . add some flavoring according to different tastes , the noodles will be delicious and fragrant .	香料包含许多香料 , 猪肉rib产品和脱水的弹簧洋葱 。 根据不同的味道添加一些味道 。
this capricious double standard hurts the feelings of both liberals and the han people , and in addition , rides roughshod over academic conscience and distorts the true face of history .	此外 , 这个自由主义双重的标准伤害了汉族和汉族的感觉 , 还有 , 在学术意识上 , 学术意识上 , 改变了历史的真正面貌 。
this must never be , never whilst this existence continues ; and when time has enrolled us in the list of the departed , surely this friendship will survive to bear our identity to heaven .	这绝不一定是 , 永远不会知道这个存在 ; 当时 , 当我们在离开的列表中加入我们的时候 , 当然这个友谊将会生存在我们的身份上 。
those under 36 love social networking via the mobile and expect to pay for it , however , younger adults expect mobile content—especially music and videos—to be free .	然而 , 那些在36个爱情社会网络的年轻人期望通过手机来支付它 , 尤其是音乐和视频 , 尤其是自由 。
the input analog signal is sampled at a very high frequency and the difference between two samplings is quantified to get digital signal , i . e . , sigmadelta code .	输入模拟信号在非常高的频率下采样 , 量化了两个采样之间的差异 , 比如 , sigmadelta代码 。
for they are a bit like me , i think , without the altered i always have a successful , the personality is the reality , but i like a shadow , let me here , it is really pages of my mistakes ?	因为他们像我一样 , 我想 , 没有改变我总是有一个成功的 , 人格是现实 , 但我喜欢影子 , 让我在这里 , 真的是我错误的页面 ?
after two decades , 95 percent of the elemental mercury on the surface of a filling had gone through a chemical reaction . it became betamercury sulfide , a blackcolored solid .	经过两十年后 , 填充物表面的95%的基质汞含量已经经过化学反应 , 变成了硫化物 , 黑色固体 。
car parks are located in the basement 1 for 18 park positions and there's an electrical room for emergency diesel generator and electrical devises added to four storages in this floor .	汽车公园位于18个公园位置 , 位于18个公园位置有一个电气室 , 为紧急柴油发电机和电器设备添加到该地板的四个存储设备 。
ustream , the live video streaming service that hit the mainstream recently thanks to a litter of shiba inu puppies , just announced watershed , a new whitelabel streaming video service .	ustream , 生活视频流畅服务 , 最近打击了主流的shibau学生 , 只是公布了一项新的白色标签游戏视频服务 。
main products:ac socket , circuit breaker , dc jack , digital switch , dip switch , emi filter , fuse holder , hook switch , key switch , micro switch , push swit...	主要产品:袜子、电路断路器、dcjack、数字开关、dip开关、融合式滤波器、钩开关、关键开关、微开关、推动开关等 。
he has more than 10 years experience in digital media production , working with video , still images and sound . he travels extensively , pursuing longterm projects on social and environment issues .	他有超过10年的数字媒体生产经验 , 与视频工作 , 仍然是图像和声音 。 他广泛地旅行 , 追求长期的社会和环境问题 。
its race derived technology based on castrol's racing history and testing experience ensures optimum engine performance giving increased acceleration under the most arduous riding conditions .	基于卡斯托尔的赛跑历史和测试经验 , 确保最佳发动机性能在最艰难的骑行条件下增加加加速度 。
the national average price for unleaded gas now tops the fourdollaragallon mark . the highest average prices are in states like alaska , california , connecticut and washington state .	目前国民平均价格上涨四美元 , 最高的平均价格如阿拉斯加、加利福尼亚、连接和华盛顿国家 。
however , because of the small size of nanosystems the ordinary external field must be viewed as strong field . that makes the conductivity formula considering nonlinear response very important .	然而 , 由于纳米尺寸小 , 必须考虑到普通外场的大小 , 这使得非线性反应非常重要 。
conclusion:a20 gene can protect the h2o2injured endothelial cells , and may pl ay a certain role in the prevention and treatment of diseases related to the ischemiareperfusion .	结论:a20基因可以保护h2o2受伤的内皮细胞 , 在预防和治疗缺血再灌注中可能会有一定的作用 。
a method for the determination of 1 , 4dioxane content in alcohol ether sulphates utilizing headspace gas chromatography is discribed . the factor of head space discussed .	讨论了1 , 4-二氧化氢含量测定酒精醚硫酸盐含量的方法 , 讨论了头空气相色谱的主要因素 。
so , dress up a warm romantic new home , a warm and overflowing the marriage bed , naturally become a priority among priorities , the traditional department store is on the bed , is so stir a pond .	因此 , 服装温暖的浪漫新家庭 , 温暖和过度的婚姻床 , 自然成为优先级的一家 , 传统的部门商店正在床上 , 是如此搅拌一个池塘 。
with the foundation and increase the frequency of atrial pacing was reduced atrioventricular node conduction is based on the frequency filtering effect of other physiological phenomena to explain .	通过基础和提高室内路面的频率 , 降低室内节点导电频率 , 为了解释其它生理现象的频率滤波效应 。
if you frequently check with particular collections of rules , you might wish to combine them in your own ruleset file , as shown in listing 2 . this rule set imports the basic , naming , and design rules	如果您经常跟特定规则集合检查 , 那么您可能希望在您自己的规则文件中结合它们 , 如清单2所示 , 这个规则集合进口基本、命名和设计规则 。
a policeman escorts a greenpeace member dressed as a whale during a protest march against the special meeting of the international whaling commission in tokyo february 14 , 2007 .	2007年2月14日 , 一名警察在东京国际鲸行动委员会的一次抗议期间 , 一名警察在绿色和平的成员们穿着鲸 。
consolidating the existing foodstuff market could remain long and steady export of foodstuff . using comparative advantage solves the problem of the balance of supply and demand of china's foodstuff .	结合现有食品市场的稳定出口 , 利用比较优势解决了我国食品供应平衡和需求的问题 。
bridge concrete cracks on the types and causes of railway policy of the provisional construction of high bridge pier cracks in the control and preventive measures were analyzed and summarized .	分析了桥梁混凝土裂纹对高桥墩裂缝的种类和原因 , 总结了高桥桩裂缝在控制和预防措施中的建设原因 。
to prevent and resolve traderights groups , the incident must be expanded citizen participation , reform of the governance structure of the industry , the interests of consensusbuilding mechanism .	为防止和解决贸易者群体 , 必须扩大公民参与、改革行业治理结构、共识建设机制的利益 。
in addition to the north yin feng all , six absolute being temples , with some strong dwell for rest of high mountain river , the hell exerts drive ten palace gentleman the king divide .	除了北阴凤之外 , 六个绝对是寺庙 , 还有一些强烈的高山河 , 地狱运动了十个宫殿绅士 。
objective to study the microanatomy of trigeminal ganglion region and clinical value of robot casr2 assisted system in percutaneous controlled radiofrequency rhizomy for trigeminal neuralgia .	目的探讨机器人csr2辅助系统在经皮控制的放射频率rhizy的临床价值和临床价值 。
shapes and symmetry . go wild . piece together the sticky lines and watch zany picture puzzles come to life while you learn proportion , matching , scale and symmetry .	形状和对称 。 戈尔德 。 戈尔德 。 一起 , 粘着的线条和观看zany图片 , 在你学到比例、匹配、尺寸和对称的时候 , 就会来到生活中 。
until oil and gas made it rich , beginning in the 1960s , this tiny , scalding , pancakeflat peninsula scarcely boasted a settled population , let alone a town of any size .	直到石油和气体使它富裕 , 开始于20世纪60年代 , 这个小型、规模化、胰岛半岛的小型、小型、胰岛半岛 , 让单独独独拥有一个定居民的城镇 。
another view is that mrs thatcher was , as mr cameron now puts it , a " revolutionary but also a gradualist " , who achieved her aims cautiously , often without advertising them in advance .	另外一个观点是 , 萨切尔先生现在正如卡梅隆先生所说的那样 , 一个 " 革命主义 " , 也是一个梯度主义者 , 她的目标通常没有广告他们进步 。
after his retirement in 1991 , he maintained a low profile , despite being garlanded with awards . he is survived by his wife , the highly acclaimed beijing opera singer jiang ying .	1991年退休后 , 他保持了一个低档档档案 , 尽管加拿大了奖项 。 他是由他的妻子 , 高度声称北京戏曲歌手姜英 。
the figure was even higher for the world's most popular networking site , facebook , where members spent 20 . 5 billion minutes , up 566 percent from 3 . 1 percent the previous year , according to the study .	据研究报告 , 世界上最受欢迎的网站facebook , 成员花了205亿分钟 , 增加了56%的3.1% 。
in a particularly vicious critique of socalled smectymnuus , an anonymous anglican opponent attacked not only these six presbyterian ministers but attacked milton as well .	特别是因为所谓的sctymnuus , 匿名的anglican对手不仅攻击了这些六名新生部长 , 而且攻击了米尔顿 。
for an unknown reason , sometime after his promotion to grand admiral , he was situated in the royal palace of theed on the planet naboo where he assisted in the training of elite imperial pilots .	对于一个未知的理由来说 , 有时候 , 他的推广到了大规模的阿德米尔 , 他坐落在地球宇航局的皇家宫里 , 他在那里帮助精英帝国飞行员训练 。
banks maintain separate entrances formen and women , starbucks restricts women from its openair balcony and mcdonald's makesmen and women queue separately for its burgers .	银行保持独立的入口形式和妇女 , 星巴克限制了她的开放平衡和麦当劳的制造商和女性队列 。
the electron's going to come out of that highest occupied atomic orbital , that one that's the highest in energy , because that's going to be the at least amount of energy it needs to eject something .	电子要从那个最高的原子轨道出来 , 那是能量最高的 , 因为这将是最高的能量 , 因为这是最高的能量 。
when my love comes and sits by my side , when my body trembles and my eyelids droop , the night darkens , the wind blows out the lamp , and the clouds draw veils over the stars .	当我的爱情坐在我身边时 , 我的身体颤抖和我的眼睑下跌 , 夜暗 , 风吹出灯光 , 云在明星上画出了光芒 。
" i am here to tell you that being bad is , and hopefully will always be , bad for business in google’s search results , " wrote amit singhal , google fellow , in a blog post .	" 我在这里告诉你这是坏的 , 希望永远会是 , 谷歌的搜索结果很糟糕 , " 阿米·辛哈尔写道 , 谷歌的同事们在博客邮件中写道 。
shiro nakamura , nissan's chief creative officer , said the studio would “enhance our product competitiveness in china and asia , where the automotive industry continues to see robust growth” .	尼桑的首席创造力官shironakamura说 , 这项工作室将 " 提高我们的产品竞争力 , 亚洲 , 汽车产业继续看到最强的增长 。 "
when you use this erm , please carefully break open the ampoule at the neck and pipette 10ml from the ampoule into 250 ml volumetric flask and bring to volume by purified water .	当您使用这只眼睛时 , 请仔细打开颈部和胸部10毫升的ampoule , 然后将ampette10毫升成250毫升的体积平坦 , 通过纯化水体来体积 。
" we can no longer see hoards only as piggy banks , " says kevin leahy , an authority on anglosaxon history who was entrusted with the task of cataloging the staffordshire treasure .	" 我们不再能看到像皮格福德郡的银行一样恐惧 , " 克文·李惠说 , 他是一名在格鲁萨克逊历史上的当局 。
by analyzing different hyperon decay processes , we derive the general formula for the decay contributions of heavier hyperons to hyperon production rates and finalstate hyperon polarizations .	通过分析不同的超声衰退过程 , 推导出了高碳生产率和最终极极极化的重量超声波衰退的一般公式 。
most local anaesthetics used clinically are relatively hydrophobic molecules that gain access to their blocking site on the sodium channel by diffusing into or through the cell membrane .	大多数地方美学都是临床上使用的相对水理分子 , 这些分子通过扩散到或通过细胞膜来访问他们在钠通道上的阻塞网站 。
the results of 81 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced concrete beams and 66 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced scc beams are used to determine the coefficients in models .	采用81试验钢纤维加固混凝土梁和66个加固钢纤维加固sc梁的试验结果 , 以确定模型中的系数 。
the site also uses a custom version of the open source blogging server apache roller weblogger version 4 . 0 . 0 . 12 , mysqltm database server , and memcached .	该网站还使用了一个自定制版本的开源博客服务器apacherollerweblogger版本4.0.0.12 , mysqltm数据库服务器 , 并且移动了 。
the bizarre looking 600m tall building , selfsufficient in water and energy , was thought up by belgian designer vincent callebaut and would be based on roosevelt island in new york .	比萨尔望着600米高的建筑 , 在水和能源中自足 , 被贝利时亚设计师温利亚·卡尔巴特认为是基于纽约罗斯福岛的 。
" box " still stick gave albumen of this farinaceous collagen to dissolve the appearance in water , it is better to tell everybody this product and yoghurt drink flavour together .	" 盒子 " 仍然坚持把这个熟悉的胶原放在水里 , 更好地告诉大家这家产品和瑜伽饮料一起 。
given its effects on nociception and muscle contraction , botulinum appears to be an attractive agent in the prophylaxis against chronic daily headache or tensiontype headache .	鉴于其对慢性每日头痛或张力型头痛的预防作用 , 瓶培素表现为吸引力剂 。
if these parenting behaviors were placed on a weight scale sidebyside , what would the results be in determining how you fare in building healthy selfesteem vs . low selfesteem in your children ?	如果这些父母的行为放在体重尺寸的侧边 , 那么你决定如何在建立健康自尊vs.低自尊度的建立中如何 ?
" he said that the time is the biggest problem , the central authorities to the general principle that local governments have tabled specific criteria , and thus the " classification " can not be evaded .	" 他说 , 时间是最大的问题 , 中央当局对当地政府的一般原则有表格特定的标准 , 因此 " 分类 " 无法被侵犯 。
this falsecolor image above , of the grand canyon , displays the fractal pattern created by the colorado river over millions of years . red indicates areas of vegetation in the image .	上面这个虚构分层图像 , 上面的大峡谷 , 显示了由科罗拉多河创造的分形模式 , 数百万年来 , 红色指示了在图像中植被生成的植被区域 。
recently unearthed fossils trace whales to a doglike predecessor of hoofed planteaters , and genetic analysis has identified hippos as whales' closest living relatives .	近年来 , 没有地球化石追踪鲸鱼到狗类类的饲料植物前驱 , 遗传分析发现了鲸类最近居住的亲属性 。
a threedimensional organization chart built from reinforced concrete , where each classroom or workshop occupies a differentiated volume , allows the acronyms to be seen from the entire yard .	一个由加固混凝土建立的三维组织图表 , 每个教室或工作shop占据了一个分化的体积 , 允许在整个院子里看到的环境 。
the " philosophical counseling " and " philosophical counseling movement " developed in the late twentieth century are influencing people as an emerging discipline in the age of globalization .	二十世纪末期发展的 " 哲学咨询 " 和 " 哲学咨询运动 " 正在影响人们作为全球化时代新兴的学科 。
compared with available envelopes , the standard envelope makes it possible for people to write post codes in standard number mode and for the post office worker to raise letter sorting efficiency .	与可用封闭相比 , 标准封闭使人们可以在标准数字模式写邮件代码 , 为了提高信用排序效率 。
products there are various specifications of water beads , nanyang beads , freshwater pearls , beads , semihole loose beads , 3 / 4 loose pearl beads and finished jewelry .	产品有各种规格的水珠、南阳珠、新鲜水珠、珠子、半孔松珠、3/4松梨珠和完成珠宝 。
the architectural spirit is to improve technique , the ecology , efficiency and economy ore foe responsibility and obligation undertaken by architects in architecture designs .	建筑精神是提高建筑设计中的生态、效率、经济矿物资源责任和义务 。
on the basis of mass borehole data , the paper analyzed middle jurassic coalbearing strata distributing features , coalbearing property , coalforming period in the yining basin .	针对大孔数据的基础 , 分析了中侏罗煤层分布特点、煤承载性、煤层组成期 。
as an example , maximum trajectory optimization was applied on a twostage ballistic missile , and a comparison of original and optimal trajectories was presented with figures and tables .	在两阶段球道导弹中 , 采用最大轨迹优化 , 给出了两阶段球道导弹的最大轨迹优化比较 , 并用数字和表格对原始和最佳轨迹进行了比较 。
the fundamental reason that this is an open source project , and not a closedsource secret bit of technology , is that we have no interest in being in the business of selling or supporting it .	这是一个开源项目的基本原因 , 并非关闭的资源秘密点技术 , 是我们对销售或支持它的业务没有兴趣 。
some of the species are flooded and vanished during the flood season . only some tall grasses survive with high tolerance of submergence . the dominant species belong to gramineae and cyperaceae .	一些物种在洪水季节被洪水淹没 , 只有一些高度的草地生存 , 它们的主要物种属于严重的少量和大西洋 。
and they caught every one his fellow by the head , and thrust his sword in his fellow's side ; so they fell down together: wherefore that place was called helkathhazzurim , which is in gibeon .	于是他们在头上抓住了每个人 , 把他的剑推在他的同伴的旁边 , 所以他们一起落下来:那里 , 所以 , 所以 , 地方叫赫尔卡扎扎里 , 这是吉本的 。
we describe a consecutive series of patients with unruptured ias treated by a neurosurgeon initiating a dedicated cerebrovascular practice in the " endovascular era . "	我们描述了一系列未经破坏的ias患者 , 通过神经外科医生在 " 内血管时代发起的脑血管扩张实践 。 "
the imbalance of public goods supplied by the government for cities and countryside has already become the deepleveled cause which influences narrowing the gap between urban and rural areas .	由于政府提供的公共货物的不平衡已经成为城乡和农村地区的深化原因 , 影响城市和农村地区的差距 。
pass rightness and side to pass in and out a bottle of cage pusher driven by hydraulic power hydraulic system to carry on analysis and point out original the hydraulic system existence of problem .	通过正确性和侧向于液压力液压系统驱动 , 指出了液压液压系统的液压系统存在问题的液压系统 。
“foreign critics would look at today’s data and argue for stronger yuan gains , ” said ben simpfendorfer , a hong kongbased economist at royal bank of scotland plc .	" 外国批评家们会看到今天的数据并争论更强的元增增益 , " 苏格兰皇家银行的一名香港基于经济学家贝恩·辛普多弗说 。
bank of china , for example , says its ratio was a healthy 11 . 6% at the end of september , and that number was lower than those for the other two big four banks whose shares are publicly traded .	例如 , 中国银行的比例说 , 它的比例是在9月底的11.6% , 这个数字比其他两家大银行还要低于公共交易的另外两家大银行 。
in this paper , we propose a new algorithm based on subaperture and filtered backprojection algorithm to estimate the anisotropy of objects scattering centers in wideaperture imaging .	本文提出了一种基于亚适应和过滤背投影算法 , 以估计广泛适应成像的对象散射中心的异常分散中心 。
when i was a child growing up in north dakota , my mother cooked bacon for her five children . when it was done , she pulled the hot strips out of the pan and set them on a paper towel to drain .	当我是北达科塔的一个孩子时 , 我的母亲为她的五个孩子烹饪了袋子 , 当她做完时 , 她把热条从锅里拉出来 , 把它们放在纸巾上 。
constraints between rolling section and surface grade in a plan unit and impacts due to temperature of discharging , finishing milling and coiling are considered in the practice in hot rolling factory .	由于在热轧轧厂的排放温度、完成磨削和覆盖过程中 , 考虑了轧制部分与表面级之间的约束和影响 。
one $9 billion lawsuit asserts that hsbc twice hired kpmg , an accounting firm , to probe mr madoff , but that the bank failed to act when concerns were raised .	一家90亿美元的法律评估说 , hsbc两次雇佣kpmg , 一个会计公司 , 探讨madof先生 , 但当担忧时 , 银行失败执行 。
instead of waiting listlessly for news from london or piecing out from his mother's gossip some country tragedy of love and jealousy , here , in a few pages , the whole story was laid before him .	除了等待伦敦的消息 , 还是从母亲的爱情和嫉妒的国家悲剧中抽出来 , 在这里 , 整个故事都是在他之前的 。
business for o’hara brothers , he had visited augusta , a hundred miles up the savannah river , and he had traveled inland far enough to visit the old towns westward from that city .	奥哈拉兄弟的业务 , 他曾经访问过奥斯塔 , 一百英里的萨凡纳河 , 他已经在这座城市旅行了很远的内陆 。
the investigation and identification results to the virus varieties of pepper virus disease in shaanxi showed that cmv , tmv , pvy , tev and bbwv had been found , part of them are mixinfection .	研究和鉴定结果表明 , 陕西省各种辣椒病毒病毒的病毒品种 , cmv、tmv、pvy、tev和bbbwv的一部分是混合感染 。
lax conditions at the 19th century prison , where one mafia godfather is reported to have celebrated his birthday with champagne and lobster , have earned it the nickname “the grand hotel” .	在19世纪的后一个世纪监狱里 , 一个马菲亚神父被报道为他的生日与香槟和洛布斯特庆祝了他的生日 , 已经获得了 " 爷爷饭店 " 。
since the execution of " temporary method of administrating security funds " in 1997 . 11 , our security funds had got rapid development , had obtained the excellent result in short time .	自1997.111年 " 暂时管理基金 " 的执行以来 , 我国安全基金已经迅速发展 , 获得了较好的结果 。
a town of western india eastnortheast of bombay . founded in1610 it is near the site of a mausoleum erected by aurangzeb in honor of his empress . population 284607 .	1610年 , 印度东东部的一城西部 , 成立于孟买东北部 。 位于他皇帝荣誉的一座大厦附近 。 人口284607 。
in addition to the main course selection , the pony club offers a selection of tapas which reflect mediterranean and seafood influences such as oysters , salmon and prawn fritters .	除了主选课外 , 波尼俱乐部还提供了一种反映中海和海鲜食品影响如牡蛎、鲑鱼和虾类的tpas选择 。
another witness , yuri , who did not give his last name , told russia’s staterun first channel tv that the shock wave was strong enough to throw him to the floor and blow his hat away .	另外一个见证 , 尤里没有给他最后一个名字 , 告诉俄罗斯州的第一个通道电视说 , 震撼波很强 , 把他扔到地板上 , 吹掉了帽子 。
israel says its troops only used their pistols after they were attacked , and released a video showing soldiers in riot gear descending from a helicopter into a crowd of men with sticks and clubs .	以色列表示 , 军队在攻击后只使用他们的手枪 , 并且发布了一部视频显示军队从直升机上升到一群拥挤坚持和俱乐部的人群中 。
total 59 japonic rice lines from 9 ecotypes were used as materials in this study , and main quality characters of f1 hybrids of 303 combinations created in a diallel set of cross were analysed .	采用9种生态类型的日本米线总59种 , 分析了f-1混合材料的主要质量特征 , 分析了一组交叉组成的f-1混合材料 。
ruth freed , an anthropologist who worked in india , found that indian families living in chandigarh modified their apartments by using curtains to separate the men's and women's spaces .	印度的一个人类学家ruthfreed发现 , 印度的家庭通过使用窗帘来修改他们的公寓 。
in addition to the problem of underinvestment , who’s director of mental health and substance abuse , shekhar saxena , says low and middleincome countries have very few mental health professionals .	除了解决投资问题外 , 世卫组织的心理健康和物质滥用主任谢克哈·萨克森纳说 , 低收入国家还有很少的心理健康专业人员 。
for example , the question of the relative merits of programming languages often degenerates into a religious war , because so many programmers identify as x programmers or y programmers .	例如 , 编程语言的相对优点通常会变成宗教战争 , 因为许多程序员确定为x程序员或y程序员 。
a white student posing as a study participant makes a racist comment about a black participant when he briefly leaves the room . the remarks ranges from moderate to extreme racial slurs .	白人学生作为一名研究参与者 , 当他简单的离开房间时 , 就会对一个黑人参与者做出评论 , 显示出来自中等到极端种族污染的情况 。
conclusion the suture of only superficial subcutaneous fat as well as putting rubber drainages in the abdominal incision is a simple and effective way to prevent lipoliquefaction for obese patients .	结论腹部切口中只有足够的超临床脂肪的缝合 , 同时在腹部切口中放置橡胶排水是一种简单、有效的防止肥胖患者脂肪液化的方法 。
conclusion: body temperature change is an important factor that influences oxygen supply and oxygen demand at different npt , but the cerebral imbalance during rewarming time needs special attention .	结论:体温变化是影响不同npt的氧供应和氧需求的重要因素 , 但在恢复时间的时候 , 体温变化是影响氧供应和氧的重要因素 。
beijing police are expected to intervene in domestic violence as legislators mull an amendment to the law on protection of the rights and interests of women , beijing daily said saturday .	北京日报称 , 北京警方预计将在国内暴力交往 , 作为立法者穆尔将对妇女权利保护法律和利益保护法律进行修正 。
the results showed that pentosanase improved obviously dough rheology and the processing technology of soybean dietary fiber biscuit . optimal additional range of pentosanase was determined .	结果表明 , 大豆饮食纤维胆囊中多糖酶明显改善 , 确定了大豆饮食纤维胆囊加工技术 。
fitch said greek banks' operations in southeast europe and turkey add revenue diversification , but this comes from more volatile economies , some of which also experienced recessionary pressures .	菲特奇说 , 希腊银行在东南欧和土耳其加入收入多样化 , 但这来自于更多的挥发经济 , 其中一些经济也经历了衰退压力 。
in river tracing , swimming meets rock climbing and orienteering meets outdoor survival . with so many skills in play , an expedition team is only as strong as its individual members .	在河流追踪中 , 游泳会遇到岩石攀升和面向的室外幸存 , 玩耍的技巧很多 , 游泳团队只有它的个人成员才强壮 。
bilberry is a close relative of the blueberry and is known for its dark purple color . bilberry naturally contains anthocyanosides and helps to support healthy eye function .	比尔伯利是蓝莓的亲戚 , 被称为黑色紫色 。 比尔伯利自然包含甲醇 , 帮助支持健康的眼睛功能 。
there's no question about it: microsoft has a hit on its hands with windows 7 . even in beta form , the company's new desktop os is garnering accolades from all corners of the blogosphere .	毫无疑问:微软与windows7.即使在beta表单中 , 公司的新桌面os正在从博客的所有角度收集收集 。
tired of canned and predictable answers like " i am a hard worker " and " i am thrilled by the new opportunity to learn " at job interviews ? you should consider asking oddball questions .	疲惫和可预测的答案如 " 我是一个艰难的工人 " , " 我是由新机会在工作采访中学到 " 学习 " 的 ? 你应该考虑奥德球问题 。
fengyou 54 , is a new indica hybrid rice combination , developed by taizhou agricultural research academy of zhejian province and linhai seed station of zhejian province .	凤玉54是浙江省太州农业研究院新型的杂交水稻组合 , 是浙江省林海种子站开发的一家新型杂交水稻 。
we're asking the question , taking s2 as given , what s1 maximizes this expression and as the gentleman at the back said , i'm going to differentiate and then i'm going to set the thing equal to 0 .	我们问这个问题 , 以s2为给出 , s-1最大化这个表达式 , 正如在回面说的那样 , 我会分化 , 然后我将设置等于0 。
trying to shift gears from his major , yu spent much of his fourth year in college preparing for the entrance exam for a humanresources graduate degree at renmin university .	试图从他的主要任务转移齿轮 , yu在大学准备进一步考试人力资源学位的第四年内花了大部分时间 。
deficiency is the psychological description is overmuch , can be in action , rub depictions of some more , in addition , can also add environment description , this article will look more vivid .	缺乏是心理描述 , 可以在行动、rub描述中 , 另外 , 还可以添加环境描述 , 本文将看起来更加活跃 。
as a professional cable manufacturer , kingsignal's products mainly serve mobile communication , digital microwave communication , aerospace , multimedia and milit .	作为一家专业的电缆制造商 , 国王信号的产品主要服务手机通信、数字微波通信、航空、多媒体和军事 。
5 p . m . explore the cultural melting pot of chungking mansions on tsim sha tsui's nathan road , the setting for another wong karwai movie , " chungking express " .	第五章 , 探讨了timshhasui的nathan路上的春化融化池 , 建立了另一部 " 春季表达式 " 。
after treatment , life signs of subjects were stable and the metabolic support was obvious , which indicated:the bioartificial liver support system which we constructed was safe , stable and efficient .	经过治疗后 , 我们建设的生物官方肝支持体系稳定 , 代谢支持明显 , 表明:建筑的生物官方肝支持体系是安全、稳定、有效的 。
similarly , on the left , a lack of visibility into the real metrics that motivates the corporation means that the change effort will never be able to factually prove success to the policy makers .	同样 , 在左边 , 缺乏可见性 , 激励公司的实际措施意味着改变努力从来没有能证明成功的政策制造商 。
a wet phosphoric acid purifying extractor descaling method includes: a first step , using hotwater for soaking and extracting organic solvent in the scale , and then emptying hot water ;	湿磷酸净化方法包括:第一个步骤 , 用热水浸泡和提取有机溶剂 , 然后空放热水 ;
most of our products designs are based on classic lines of antique pieces from 16th century european and other eras , and can be modified and combined to individual client's desire and lifestyle .	我们大多数产品的设计都是基于16世纪欧洲和其他eras的古典作品 , 可以修改并结合到个人客户的欲望和生活方式 。
cai yuanpei is a great thinker , educator and revolutionary . from his thoughts , words and behaviors , we can know his great mind , a philosopher's character and a great man's demeanor .	蔡元北是一个伟大的思想家 , 教育家和革命家 。 从他的思想、词语和行为来说 , 我们可以知道他的伟大思想 , 哲学家的角色和伟大的人类的想法 。
the advantages of hengshui lake to develop ecotourism are environment , plants , wildlife , history and culture . we must also notice some problems . firstly , pay attention to overall distribution .	河水湖开发生态旅游的优点是环境、植物、野生动物、历史和文化 , 我们也必须注意到一些问题 , 首先 , 关注整体分布 。
double strands rna produced posttranscriptional gene silencing technique is being used to alter the relative proportion of the major fatty acids present in oil plants .	采用双条rna制备后传递基因沉积技术 , 改变了石油植物中主要脂肪酸相对比例 。
china continues to be the world's 2nd largest economy in q3 , with the gdp of $1 . 42 trillion , compared with japan's $1 . 37 trillion , people's daily online reported monday .	据《日本日报》周一报道 , 中国继续成为世界第二大经济 , 与日本每日1.37万亿美元相比 , 中国的gdp仍然是1.42万亿美元 。
the national antiterrorism committee says special forces killed 2 militants and detainees and detained rather a third person during a raid in a town on the outskirts of moscow .	国家反恐委员会表示 , 特殊部队杀死了2名军事和拘留者 , 而且在莫斯科郊外的一座城市里 , 在第三个人被拘留 。
results a typical pattern of morphological changes of motoneuron apoptosis in the anterior horn of spinal cord was observed by both tunel staining and electron microscopy .	结果采用隧道染色和电子显微镜观察在脊髓前角的形态学变化规律 。
methods: categorize 164 sufferers , carry on rehabilitation education , psychological persuasion talk entertainment activity and various psychology support respectively .	方法:分别对164名患者进行康复教育、心理劝讲娱乐活动、各种心理学支持 。
finally , has analyzed zhai yongming the poetry writing life significance , had demonstrated the poet can realize the reason which the feminine angle of view surmounted and its be valuable .	最后 , 分析了赵永明在诗歌写作生命意义上具有重要意义 , 证明诗人可以实现女性视角的原因 , 以及其价值 。
these banks aggressively peddled loans to the finance ministers of poorer countries suffering from balance of payment difficulties , acute unemployment , and consequent internal unrest .	这些银行积极地向贫困国家财政部长贷款贷款 , 由于薪酬困难的平衡 , 急性失业和后果的内部失业 。
under the infuence of magnetic field , anp can deposit in the target area at large degree , as a result , the density of anp in the nontarget area can be decreased significantly ;	在磁场的影响下 , ap可以在大程度上存储在目标区域 , 结果表明 , 非目标区域的密度可明显降低 ;
passes through from the multiple perspectives slow motion playbacking evidence collection , the leeway which styles had already not quibbled , he prepares to the niu card aspect to apologize .	从多个角度来看 , 从多个角度慢的运动反馈证据集中过来 , 风格已经没有快速 , 他准备准备对niu卡的道歉 。
the main source of water pollution in qujiang river basin comes from domestic wastewater , then nonpoint source pollution is also important , and the water pollution from industry contribute little .	泉江流域的水污染主要来源于国内废水 , 然后不点污染也是重要的 , 产业污染的水污染也很少 。
this paper attempts to seek the cultural root for the militarists' thought on peace by analyzing the influence exerted by confucianism , taoism , mohism and other schools of thinking .	本文试图通过对儒家、道教、道教等儒家、道教思想的影响分析 , 探讨军事主义思想的文化根源 。
in the experimental group a repaired tissues represented hyaline , smooth and flat . chondrocytes in the zones of integrating with peripheral native cartilages were more mature .	在实验组中 , 一种修复的组织表现为水平、平滑、平滑、平滑、平滑的组织 , 与周围土地软骨融合区的心脏细胞更成熟 。
to investigate the relationship between iop in vertebral body and pulmonary fat embolism , and the relationship between cement injection velocity and pmma leakage into epidural space in pvp .	探讨脊椎体和肺脂肪栓塞的关系 , 以及水泥注射速度与pmma泄漏的关系 。
troy , mich . , 12 aug . 2007 . bae systems demonstrated a prototype common modular power system at the national defense industrial association's power and energy symposium .	2007年8月12日 , 海湾系统在国家防御工业协会的权力和能源协会中展示了一个原型的模块电力系统 。
a delegation from the stateowned chinese company , china metallurgical group corporation , visited the site of a copper mine in aynak , a former alqaeda stronghold southeast of kabul , in 2007 .	2007年 , 中国冶金集团公司代表了一家来自国有中国国有的代表 , 访问了一家铜矿的网站 , 位于阿雅纳克 , 曾经基地组织东南部的卡布尔 。
this stateoftheart , fastacting treatment speeds fresher , healthylooking skin cells to the surface with 3 times more of the nonacid skin refinisher of our previous formula .	这种状态远远 , 快速处理速度快 , 健康的皮肤细胞 , 表面3倍以上公式的非酸皮肤精制剂 。
how cool was the welcome of a tall glass of iced green mint in the shady room , to heads ringing with colors and the cymbals of the sunl outside were the sea and the road burning with dust .	如何冷却的欢迎在阴暗的房间里一杯冰绿色的玻璃 , 向头环绕着颜色 , 外面的太阳的圆柱是海外的大海和尘土燃烧的道路 。
clinton downplayed reported splits within the libyan rebel movement , and hailed what she said was the first “natoarab alliance” providing military and political support for antigaddafi forces .	克林顿在利比亚反叛运动中表示了分裂 , 并且利用她所说的是第一个 " 纳托拉伯联盟 " , 为反加拿大菲军队提供了军事和政治支持 。
by the time of lbj's " great society " etc . , a " liberal " was someone who claimed glory for raiding the treasury and spending other people's money " liberally " to buy votes .	到lbj的 " 伟大的社会 " 等时候 , 一个 " 自由 " 的人是一个声称荣耀的人们 , 声称自己的财政和支出其他人 " 自由 " 购买投票 。
created by microsoft cofounder paul allen , who has committed $500 million since its start in 2003 , the allen institute has assembled a lessdetailed human brain atlas of its own .	由于微软的创始人保罗·艾伦创建 , 自2003年开始以来 , 艾伦学院已经组装了一项较少的人类大脑atlas 。
" at the end of the day , settlements and peace are two parallel tracks . israel cannot have settlements and peace at the same time , " said negotiator saeb erekat , speaking for the palestinians .	巴勒斯坦的谈判员萨伯·埃雷克特说: " 今天结束时 , 解决和平是两个并行轨迹 。 以色列不能同时解决和平 。 "
" no , " said the old woman , " there is only one way in the world , and it is so difficult that you will never redeem them . you must remain silent for twelve whole years , neither speaking nor laughing .	" 不 , " 老妇人说 , " 世界上只有一条路 , 难道你永远不会重新回报他们 , 你一定要在十二年里沉默 , 不要说话也不会笑 。 "
a veritable orgy of artistic fertility , the open goat welcomes all comers to take part in a fully democratic , spontaneous , feverish and potentially lifealtering collective improvisation .	开放的山羊欢迎所有的商人参加全民主、自主、热情、潜在的生活改革 。
the chatham house study , released today , says that illegal logging has dropped by between 50 and 75% across cameroon , indonesia and the brazilian amazon over the last decade ;	今天公布的查瑟姆家庭研究显示 , 非法的监测已经下降了50%到75%的卡梅隆、印度尼、印度尼和巴西亚的亚马逊 。
those who take it promise to stay together for better or for worse , for richer or for poorer , in sickness and in health , to honour and to cherish , forsaking all others , until death do us part .	那些承诺在一起保持更好或更糟糕的人 , 为了更糟糕或更糟糕的人 , 在病情和健康方面 , 为了尊重和珍惜 , 直到死亡做了我们一部分 。
beijing , jan . 17 budapest , 15 midnight local time , xinhua , the hungarian capital budapest , a crowded disco nightclub stampede , killing three women died .	北京 , 17年1月17日 , 15日中午的当地时间 , 新华 , 匈牙利首都布达佩斯州匈牙利亚首都布达佩斯州 , 一个拥挤的碟子夜泡 , 杀死了三个妇女死亡 。
to read more , including information on who can legally represent you if you choose to hire an immigration representative , check out cic’s web pages on immigration representatives .	为了阅读更多的情况 , 包括在谁法律上可以代表您如果你选择雇佣移民代表 , 检查cic的网页移民代表 。
the practice features of marxist philosophy's rejection of metaphysics contains intrinsically the orientation of criticism and construction and is the practical solution to the basic...	马克思主义哲学拒绝的实践特点是内在地包含批评和建设的方向 , 是对基本的实践解决方案 。
the system studied in this paper not only can show fold and fault , but also can apply gis function . this paper analyzes the data structure of automatic generating geologic profile and fold and fault .	本文研究了系统不仅可以显示折叠和故障 , 还可以应用gis函数 , 分析了自动生成地质概率和折叠和故障的数据结构 。
from a new perspective , the authors put forward a multiple features based analytical approach for remotely sensed imagery to overcome the limitation of the pixelbased analytical approach .	从新的角度 , 提出了一种基于远程感官图像的多个特点 , 克服了基于pixel的分析方法的限制 。
description: society has entered the peak period of automotive growth , car owner in his car to spend more and more time , air pollution from vehicle to endanger people's health can not be ignored .	描述:社会已经进入了汽车增长的峰值期 , 汽车所有者在车上花了越来越多的时间 , 从车辆到危险人民健康的空气污染就不能忽视 。
the dpph radical scavenging activities , the reducing powers , the amount of total phenolic compounds , the inhibitory effect on hydroxyl radical and superoxide anion radical o .	dpph激进活性 , 降低功率 , 总磷化合物数量 , 抑制羟基基和超氧化亚离子辐射o的抑制作用 。
furthermore , cabot has also introduced other advanced products to china , including masterbatch , conductive compound , inkjet colorant , aerogel and specialty drilling fluid .	此外 , 汽车还引进了其他先进的产品 , 包括主批、导电化合物、喷墨色彩、气凝胶和专业钻井液 。
but could a smart grid or precision farming , in which the machines inform each other and make subsequent decisions , significantly reduce energy use and , thus , greenhouse gas pollution ?	但是 , 智能电网或精密农场能源能源能源能源能源能源 , 因此 , 温室气体污染能源会怎么办 ?
the task " find and view patient record " may be used by most of the organization , whereas the task " create and update patient record " may be used only by the admission and front desk staff .	这个任务 " 发现和视图病人记录 " 可能是由组织大多数使用 , 而任务 " 创建和更新病人记录 " 可能只是通过承认和前面桌面员工使用 。
the main shortcoming of range finding technique with structural light is that it is unable to obtain the data of points which are sightless by pickup camera or can't be illuminated by light source .	基于结构光学技术的主要缺点是 , 不能通过光源来获得无视摄像机的点数据 , 或者不能被光源照明 。
the file doclet . toc . xml is referenced as being the table of contents for this plugin ; this file will provide the data for the hierarchical information in the left pane of the eclipse help window .	文件dclet.tml被引用为该插件的内容表 , 这个文件将为eclipse左面的层次信息提供数据 。
many privacypreserving algorithms for data mining has been proposed including association rules , classification , clustering and so on , but few algorithms are for outlier detection .	提出了许多数据挖掘的隐私存储算法 , 包括相关规则、分类规则、聚类等 , 但几种算法都是外部检测 。
they found that when women and men work on a number of simple tasks such as searching for a key or doing easy maths problems at the same time , the women significantly outperformed the men .	他们发现 , 当女性和男性在很多简单的任务上工作时 , 例如搜索关键或做很容易数学问题时 , 女性明显超过男性 。
nor can mr edano count on support from a block of 129 lawmakers , allied to mr ozawa , who voted against mr kan's appointment as party leader last week .	爱丹诺先生也不能从129名法律制造商联盟到ozawa先生的支持下来 , 他在上周投票对韩先生的任命作为党领导人 。
improved routine immunization: partnerships focused on reducing diseases like polio and measles are also helping build a stronger foundation for the delivery of both new and existing vaccines .	改善常规免疫:合作关系集中在减少贫困等疾病 , 也有助于建立新的和现有疫苗交付更强的基础 。
a spokesman for sierra leonean president ernest bai koroma , who is among the heads of state representing the west african alliance , said gbagbo's exit is nonnegotiable .	gbagbo的出口是非洲联盟的首席执行官 , 西拉利昂总统贝科马是西非联盟的发言人 。
education may not be essential for this career , but you can get a foot in the door while bettering your prospects for advancement with basic training in an automotive and diesel technology program .	教育不可能是这个职业生涯的本质 , 但你可以在门里得到足够的进步 , 更好地在汽车和柴油技术的基本培训 。
for the replacement of fitness gold card , please submit this form to the card issuing office through the district leisure services offices or sports centres of this department and pay a fee of $25 .	为了更换适合金牌 , 请通过区域休闲服务办公室或体育中心提交这张表单 , 请通过区域休闲服务办公室或地区运动中心交付25美元 。
dahongpao pepper to " big spike and more grains , meat , thickskinned rich , bright color , rich flavor , taste ma moderate " and has long " chinese name law " reputation .	大中帕椒 " 大辣椒 " , 肉 , 厚皮 , 色彩丰富 , 丰富的味道丰富 , 味道丰富 , 具有 " 中国名法 " 的声誉 。
methods: the clinical data and antibiotic resistance of 253 cases of aecb caused by acinetobacter infection from respiratory department of 10 hospitals in tianjin were reviewed .	方法:对天津10所医院急性呼吸系统呼吸部253例acb患者的临床资料及抗生素耐药性进行了综述 。
in this paper , the principles of hydrophobic surface and drag reduction are outlined . we briefly review the new way and recent progress to prepare such hydrophobic surface .	简要介绍了水性表面和降渣原理 , 简要综述了近年来水性表面制备的新途径和进展 。
the highly efficient and accurate classification has improved the grindingclassification efficiency of the tertiary grinding , thus raising the runofmine ore throughput of system 321 .	提高了高效率和精确分类 , 提高了地球磨削效率 , 从而提高了系统321矿产产产量的跑步矿产量 。
i was headhunted by hujiang when i was looking for an " out " to have a flexible schedule for my tobeborn daughter , who is now almost 5 months old . i couldn&rsquo ;	当我正在寻找一个 " 出生 " 的时候 , 我被湖江打了头 , 为我出生的女儿带来了灵活的计划 , 他现在已经有5个月了 。
additional cleaning techniques can include using a needleless plastic syringe to vigorously wash the tooth with moderately pressured water or to softly wash it with hydrogen peroxide .	另外 , 清洁技术可以使用无针塑料同步法 , 大力洗牙用中压水或柔软洗涤 。
professors with dollar signs in their eyes are always announcing the birth of the latest revolutionary management technique or the discovery of the hottest new “supercorp” .	美元标志教授总是宣布最新的革命管理技术的出生 , 或者发现最热门的 " 喷雾 " 。
tuesday's swoon has been dramatic , coming after a report showing u . s . manufacturing in august returned to expansion for the first time in more than a yearandahalf . for details see .	星期二的瑞典一直在戏剧上演 , 在8月份的一份报告显示 , 美国制造业在8月回归到一年以来第一次扩张 。
architecture is the most optimistic of professions , ' says mary comerio , chair of the architecture department at the university of california at berkeley , where there was a 40 percent uptick .	伯克利大学建筑系主席玛丽·卡里奥说 , 建筑是最乐观的职业 。
the designs were drawn up by the french architect jacques rougerie , a veteran of waterbased construction projects , and have been backed by the united nations cultural agency unesco .	法国建筑师jaccesrougerie的设计由法国建筑师jacqusrougerie , 一个基于水的建筑工程的老板 , 由联合国文化机构unesco支持 。
it’s an openair loft space , with the four founders at desks in the middle of a phalanx of young men staring at screens . the four are sam yagan , the c . e . o . ;	这是一个开放的移动空间 , 四个创始人在桌子中 , 桌子里有四个创始人站在屏幕上 , 四个是samyagan , 等等 。
firstly , the paper introduces the conception , theory and mathematical model of the array antenna . serval algorithms of adaptive beamforming and doa are analyzed using matlab software .	首先介绍了阵列天线的概念、理论和数学模型 , 利用matlab软件对自适应梁形成和da的服务算法进行了分析 。
two duracors and one duramar unit are specified as part of the communications equipment package for each lcs unmanned surface vehicle being developed to carry out these warfare missions .	指定了两个双层单元 , 作为每个lcs无人表面车辆的通信设备包的一部分 , 开发了这些战争任务 。
later , lartigue donated all his negatives , albums , cameras and personal diaries to the french state , and from these photos and texts , we discover the story of an extraordinary and elegant life .	后来 , 拉德格奇捐赠了他所有的负面、专辑、摄像机和个人日记 , 从这些照片和文本中 , 我们发现了一个经常和优雅的生活故事 。
at altitude , the air pressure is lower , and so are aerodynamic effects such as drag and lift , ultimately causing balls to travel faster and straighter than they would at lower altitude .	空气压力较低 , 因此是气动力学效应如拖动和提升 , 最终导致球速度快 , 直径比较低 。
world stocks , measured by msci , hit a 51/2 week high this week , moving close to a breakeven point for the year as investors put tens of billions of dollars worth of cash to work .	世界股票由msci测量 , 本周高达51/2周 , 投资者将近几十亿美元的现金工作 。
allaround introduction and specific analysis are made about the notion and structure , selection , organization and presentation of content , compilation of students' exercises and teachers' manual .	全地介绍和具体的分析是对学生的运动和教师手册的概念、选择、组织和表达、内容、内容编写、内容编写、教师手册进行的概念和结构分析 。
if you are just too exhausted to leave the confines of the house , unplug the phone , lock the door , batten down the hatches and spend the entire weekend at home , doing absolutely nothing .	如果你太疲惫了 , 就离开房子的限制 , 把手机锁下门 , 打下帽子 , 在家里花了整个周末 , 完全没有什么 。
like the liao , an earlier inner asian dynasty , the juchen maintained a chinesestyle bureaucracy to rule over the southern part of their conquests and a tribal state to rule in inner asia .	就像辽一样 , 一个早期的亚洲内部 , 朱春保持了一个中国风格的官僚制定了他们的后果和内亚的部落状态来规定内部亚洲 。
for me , it feels like you are dealing with familiarities such as cooking a lentil dish in mdardara , as well as a feeling of strangeness in familiar surroundings , such as tokyo tonight .	对于我来说 , 就像你一样熟悉的 , 比如在麦达拉烹饪一个柠檬菜 , 以及熟悉周围的奇怪感觉 , 比如东京今晚 。
with the forest canopy closure increase , the average high and diameter also increase , but the numbers of unit area is reduced . and the distribution of update saplings changes from mission to uniform .	随着森林峡谷闭合 , 平均高和直径增加 , 但单位面积的数量减少 , 且从任务到均匀的更新采样变化的分布 。
the products do not contain any natural latex components on human skin allergic reactions , nontoxic , harmless , tasteless , left and right gm , pull a good , durable , and good adhesion .	产品不包含人皮过敏反应、非毒性、无毒性、无味性、左右gm的天然乳胶成分 , 拉出良好的耐久性和良好的粘附性 。
carmelita montiel , a twentyyearold virgin , had just bathed in orangeblossom water and was strewing rosemary leaves on pilar ternera's bed when the shot rang out .	卡梅丽塔·蒙蒂尔 , 二十岁的弗吉尔 , 刚刚在橙色的水里洗澡 , 正在打破罗姆里亚的叶子 , 拍摄的时候 , 拍摄出来的时候 , 马里塔·蒙蒂尔 。
we use such tools here at @toprank to grow own twitter presence as well as for clients on a daily basis and have learned quite a bit about twitter best practices and which tools work best .	我们在这里使用这样的工具来增长自己的twitter出现 , 以及在每天的基础上 , 我们学习了很多关于twitter最好的实践和工具最好的工作 。
cancer vaccines can generate specific immune response to get goals of treatment mainly through activate the tumorresistant antigen , especially antitumor specific antigen .	癌症疫苗可以产生特异的免疫反应 , 主要通过激活肿瘤抗原 , 特别是抗肿瘤特异抗原 。
a host of lifechanging inventions , from icecream cones and bottled water to electric lights , automobiles and aeroplanes were brought to public attention through successive expos .	从冰淇淋和瓶装水到电灯 , 汽车和航天器都带来了很多生命交换发明 , 通过成功的暴露来公众关注 。
si published his accusations late last month on the new threads website , which is famous among china's research community for exposing pseudoscience and academic misconduct .	上个月晚些时候 , si发表了他的指控 , 是中国研究界著名的 " 伪科学 " 和 " 学术误导 " 的新线程网站 。
hcvspecific cd8 tcell response was readily detectable in acutely hcvinfected patients regardless of virologic outcome or virusspecific cd4 tcell response .	无论病毒结果或病毒特异性cd4t细胞反应急性hcvvin感染患者 , hcvv特异性cd8t细胞反应都准备检测 。
i am also thankful to mr bruce lee's family for their wholehearted support . mr lee's widow , linda , personally helped prepare a layout plan of the former residence for our reference .	我也感谢布鲁斯李先生的家庭为他们的全心支持 。 李先生的窗户林达 , 个人帮助我们准备一个前居民的布局计划 。
shin's previous solo efforts include the 2005 cover album " special thanks to...best selection " and later " tired " , but his latest hit , " it's me " marks shin's first proper album as a solo artist .	现金的前一努力包括2005年的专辑 " 特别感谢...最特别的选择 " , 后来 " 累累 " , 但他最近的打击 , " 这是我第一张专辑的专辑 。
in some major u . s . cities , sports moguls have wrested steep concessions from local governments as the price for building new palaces for their football , basketball , hockey and baseball franchises .	在一些主要的城市里 , 体育模块已经从当地政府逐步从当地政府中逐步减肥 , 因为为他们的足球、篮球、篮球和篮球法郎建立新的宫殿价格 。
since porcelain is ceramic , and therefore glasslike , its surface is smooth and impervious and unlike older bonding materials , it will not be stained coffee , tea , red wine or cigarette smoking .	由于瓷器是陶瓷 , 因此它的表面光滑 , 与老混合材料不同 , 不会染色咖啡 , 茶叶 , 红酒或香烟吸烟 。
carla van tiggelen designe is an international purchaser from australia , need to buy products of textile raw materials and fabrics , furniture , home textiles , gift , ceramics , adornment etc . categories .	卡拉范范·泰格伦设计是一家国际采购商 , 来自澳大利亚 , 需要购买纺织原料和织物、家具、家具、纺织品、礼品、陶瓷等类别 。
the absolute growth of the head weight , forelimb weight , hind limb weight , body length , forelimb length , hind limb length , shin length and the third toe length showed a pattern of normal distribution .	头重、前肢体重、后肢体长度、前肢长度、后肢长度、后肢长度、刷长度和第三脚长度均显示了正常分布的模式 。
there’s an old “northsouth” divide partly at work with the netherlands , luxembourg , and germany critical of spain , italy , and greece – in what appear to be old cultural stereotypes playing out .	与荷兰、卢xembourg和德国西班牙、意大利和希腊似乎是老文化稳定形式一起工作 。
the welcome ceremony was also attended by wang qishan , ling jihua , wang huning , dai bingguo , u . s . vice president joe biden , secretary of state hillary clinton and other accompanying staff .	欢迎仪式也参加了王庆山 , 王建华 , 王建华 , 美国副总统约伯登 , 国务卿希拉里·克林顿等陪伴员工 。
laing's thought chanllenged traditional views of psychiatric treatment , evoked people to query those basic hypotheses that ruled their lives and thoughts , left his mark on psychiatric practice .	兰玲的思想挑战了传统心理治疗的传统观点 , 引发了人们查询这些基本假设 , 规定自己的生活和思想 , 留下了心理实践的标志 。
milan leandro grimi on the official site of siena speaks about the next league against milan: " yes its a bit strange for me to play against milan , but now i am at siena and want to win this game . "	米兰莱德罗·格里米在米兰官方网站上谈论了下一次对米兰的联赛: " 是的奇怪 , 是的对米兰的比赛 , 但现在我在西娜赢得了这场比赛 。 "
test showed that , the model derived from 2year before st by pca had a forecast accuracy of 95 . 8% for internal samples and 93 . 3% for external samples , while the one by modified method 97 . 5% and 90 . 0% ;	试验结果表明 , pca在2年前产生的模型预测了95.8%的内样本和93.3%的外观样本 , 同时通过改进方法97.5%和90.0% ;
" this budget adds more debt to our country's future than all of the debt from 1789 , when george washington was president , through franklin roosevelt and lyndon johnson and george w . bush , " he said .	他说: " 这项预算对我国的未来的债务增加了更多的债务 , 比1789年的所有债务 , 当乔治华盛顿是总统 , 通过弗兰克林克林·罗斯福和林登·约翰逊和乔治·布什 。 "
o mighty armed one , seeing your magnificent form of manifold faces and eyes , manifold arms , legs and feet , manifold stomachs and manifold terrifying teeth ; all the planets tremble in fear and so do i .	哦 , 看到你的巨大的脸部和眼睛 , 手臂 , 腿和脚趾 , 腹部的胃部和外面的恐惧 , 所有的行星都像恐惧一样 。
it also has highlevel teachers all of whom have diploma degrees , including one with the national key teacher title , two with the beijing key teachers titles , six with xicheng key teachers titles .	它还有高层教师 , 所有有外交学位 , 其中包括一个与国家关键的教师冠军 , 两个与北京关键的教师冠军 , 六个与西城关键的教师冠军 。
the macro velocity model used for describing vti media is consistent with current velocity estimation method , and can simultaneously accommodate the isotropy , weak anisotropy and strong anisotropy .	用来描述vti介质的宏观速度模型与当前速度估计方法一致 , 同时可以同时适应异常、弱异常和强异常 。
therefore , any changes in expression levels or activity of ptp1b relative to the ir could affect insulin signaling and possibly contribute to the insulin resistance observed in type ii diabetes .	因此 , ptp-1b相对ir表达水平或活性的变化可能会影响胰岛素签名并且可能导致胰岛素抵抗在ii型糖尿病中观察到的胰岛素抵抗作用 。
britain's chancellor of the exchequer alistair darling poses with his ministerial red dispatch box as he leaves 11 downing street , en route to delivering the annual budget to the house of commons .	英国首席执行官达林与他的部长红色发射箱一起拥有 , 因为他离开11个下街的时候 , 路由将年度预算交给公共的房子 。
the killing activity of nk cells and the proliferation rate of spleen cells were tested by mtt assay , and t cell subgroupcd4+ , cd8+ were tested by the indirect immune fluorescent assay .	采用mttt法测定了nk细胞的杀死活性 , 并用间接免疫荧光荧光法测定了t细胞子群d4+、cd8+的增殖速率 。
bamboo garden mighty yanlord house house , authentic lake a good room , all fully equipped highend furniture , all gifts , the landlord benevolent kind , good communication , the rich noble gas .	竹花园大概是扬尔多房子 , 真正湖泊 , 全部设备高端家具 , 所有礼物 , 土地有益良好的沟通 , 丰富的贵贵的贵族气体 。
in sperm and oocyte , it is proved that the calcium signals have great roles in series of complicated processes: capacitation , acrosome reaction , oocyte maturation , fertilization , embryo cleavage etc .	在精子和卵巢中 , 证明钙信号在一系列复杂的过程中具有重要的作用:接收、环境反应、卵母成熟、肥料、胚胎清洁等 。
nangong selection of quality smoked pork dish , and add the proportion of fresh eggs , pure mungbean starch , ginger and small grinding sesame oil , stirring into a porridgelike , poured into casings .	南通选用质量吸烟的猪肉菜 , 加入新鲜的鸡蛋比例 , 纯芒白淀粉 , 姜子 , 小的磨削芝麻油 , 搅拌进了粥样的粉碎 , 进入铸造 。
the elections in tunisia and the dramatic demise of former libyan leader muammar alqaddafi have pushed the allegations of an iransponsored plot to assassinate the saudi envoy to washington on u .	突尼西亚的选举和前利比亚领导人穆巴马尔·卡扎菲的戏剧贬值已经推动了伊朗赞助的情节 , 以减少对美国的沙特----------------------------------------------------------------------------
ics bbtv is a brand new broadband tv client developed by shanghai media group broadband co . ltd and ics , which enables people watching copyrighted programs of ics , both live and vod , for free .	icsbtv是上海媒体集团广播有限公司开发的新广播电视客户端 , 它使人们能够观察到ics的版权化程序、生命和vod的复制程序 。
a town of northern ethiopia south of asmara . emperor menelik ii decisively defeated the italians here in 1896 to secure recognition of ethiopia's independence . population , 21 , 107 .	1896年 , 阿马拉南部的埃塞俄比亚 , 皇帝梅尼克二世决定在这里击败意大利人 , 以确保埃塞俄比亚独立的认可 。
but with this example alone can you realize that with some more exercise of thoughts and intelligent i don't wanna say intelligent design here , intelligent design can you actually solve this problem so much more efficiently and just as correctly .	但是随着这个例子 , 你可以意识到 , 随着一些更多的思想和智能运动 , 我不会在这里说智能设计 , 智能设计可以更有效地解决这个问题 , 就像正确的那样 。
rome , april 7 the strong earthquake that hit central italy on monday has killed at least 150 people , injured some 1 , 500 and left around 70 , 000 homeless , italian media reported on tuesday .	据意大利媒体周二报道 , 四月七日 , 意大利中央意大利的强地震造成至少150人死亡 , 伤亡了大约1500人 , 大约离开了70万人家庭的地震 。
according to onboard military officers , sailors on the destroyer , coded ddg169 wuhan , carried out comprehensive exercises focusing on rapid response , inspections , and simulated attacks .	根据上述军事官员说 , 在毁灭者的航行员ddg-169武汉编码了ddg-169武汉 , 进行了全面的运动 , 重点关注快速响应、检查和模拟攻击 。
paul's message in all of these things is that , i didn't do anything wrong , i'm just here to obey the law , i'm here to serve my people , to honor the traditions of my people and my ethnic group , the jews .	保罗在所有这些东西中的消息都是 , 我没有做错的事情 , 我只是在这里遵守法律 , 我就在这里 , 为了尊重我民族和民族群体的传统 。
like previous attacks , wednesday's incident in hong kong's busy north point district involved corrosive liquid apparently thrown into a crowded shopping district from a nearby highrise building .	就像以前的袭击一样 , 星期三在香港的忙碌北点区的事件显然从附近的高层建筑中扔进了一个拥挤的购物区 。
the level of employment is ultimately determined by aggregate demand , and aggregate demand is determined by whatever the central bank thinks the economy can bear , without jeopardising stable prices .	就业水平最终是由集团需求决定的 , 而集团需求则是由中央银行认为经济可以承担 , 没有犹太人的稳定价格决定的 。
their study subjects ate vegetarian whole foods with 10 percent of calories from fat , walked 30 minutes six days a week , used stressreducing techniques , and went to a weekly support group .	他们的研究对象每周用压力减少技术 , 每周每周的压力减少30分钟的热量食物 , 他们的研究对象是食用蔬菜整体食品的10%的热量 。
here the supermarket and street stalls coexist , variety of handicraft souvenirs , with ivory and wood carvings of figures , pest birds , flowers , shape lifelike lifelike , are tourists shopping places .	在这里 , 超市和街道上都是共存的 , 各种手工制造的南方 , 拥有雕塑和木雕 , 森林鸟 , 花卉 , 形状生活类似 , 是旅游购物的地方 。
the purpose of this study was to describe norms of pinch strength for normal taiwanese adults and to investigate the effects the of age , gender , height , weight , and digit length on pinch strength .	本研究旨在描述正常台湾成年人pinch强度的规范 , 探讨了年龄、性别、高度、体重、数字长度的影响 。
beijingfuzhou highway , 104national road , the beijingshanghai railway runs through the north and the south , since ancient times as " fdbwa three , nine province thoroughfare " place .	北京福州高速公路104个国家道路 , 北京上海铁路通过北京和南方运行 , 因为古代 " fdbwa3 " 9个省全面 " 地方 。
it is the tallest rocket to emerge from the vehicle assembly building since the massive 363foot saturn v rocket used to launch apollo astronauts to the moon in the 1960s and 1970s .	自1960年代和1970年代以来 , 由于大规模363英尺的土星v火箭发射阿波罗宇航员到月球上 , 这是最高的火箭 。
how can the miaos women living in the remote mountain area get to know yinyang fish , the typical symbolic logo of han's culture , and embody the socalled yinyang philosophy in their embroidery ?	如何在遥远山区居住的苗族女性能如何知道尹阳鱼 , 汉族文化的典型象征标志标志 , 体现了所谓的阴阳哲学 ?
on monday and tuesday , students boycotted classes and examinations while several thousand students maintained a peaceful demonstration outside the college's administration building , students said .	学生说 , 周二和周二 , 学生们在大学管理建筑外保持了几千名学生的和平示范 。
wen jiabao , carry out seriously the spirit of the 17th cpc national congress , devote more efforts to the anticorruption work and a clean and honest government construction , 9 qiushi , 6 .	温家宝 , 认真运行第17届国会精神 , 致力于反腐败工作 , 干净 , 诚实的政府建设 , 9日 , 6日 。
february 6 , 2005 , the ministry of commerce issued " for the " thousands of rural villages " the pilot informed the market works " officially launched " thousands of rural villages " the market works .	2005年2月6日 , 中国商务部发布 " 为 " 数千个农村村 " 的 " 数以万计农村的农村作品 , 飞行员通知了市场作品 " 正式发布 " 数千计的农村作品 " 。
building on its expertise in amoled technology , the samsung nx10 sports a large 3 . 0 " amoled screen , delivering a far brighter and clearer image than comparable lcd screens . "	三星nx10运动大型3.0 " 摩擦屏的专业建筑 , 比lcd屏幕更明亮 , 更清晰的图像 。
this may result in either a ) the polar ice caps melt , forcing mankind to live on boats with kevin costner or b ) the gulf stream stops , turning new york city into an enormous icecube .	这可能导致一个 " 极地冰盖融化 " 的结果 , 迫使人类与凯文·费斯特纳住在船上 , 或者 " 海湾流 " 停止 , 将纽约城变成巨大的冰块 。
based on structural risk minimization principal , the influences of the error penalty parameter c and the kernel parameter σ on support vector machines generalization ability are studied .	基于结构风险模拟原理 , 研究了误差惩罚参数c和核参数对支持向量机的一般化能力的影响 。
under semantics guidance , through the full title sentence's analysis and the full title sentence's probabilistic logic system , we have a good solution for full title sentence's inductive acceptance .	在语义指导下 , 通过全称句的分析和全称句的概率逻辑系统 , 我们对全称句的感应接受具有良好的解决方案 。
on hearing her routine , christopher hitchens , a polemicist , remarked that “when comedians flatter the president , they become court jesters , and the country becomes a banana republic . ”	听到她的常规 , 克里斯托弗·赫蒂芬 , 一个极端主义者 , 显示: " 当喜剧人在总统面对时 , 他们变成了法庭主义者 , 这个国家成为了巴拿共和国 。 "
as jamel belhaj , general director of public debt in tunisia , puts it , “it is very important for us to maintain an optimal combination of fixed and floating rate debt to manage our debt service costs .	正如jamelbelhaj一般的公共债务负责人jamelbelhaj所说的那样 , " 这对我们来说是保持固定和浮动率债务的最佳组合来管理我们的债务服务成本 。 "
designed to access the electronic control and diagnostic systems such as engine , diesel pump , gearbox , clutch , brakes , asd , asr , srs , electrical roof control , dash panel and ac/heating .	设计了电子控制和诊断系统 , 如发动机 , 柴油泵 , 齿轮箱 , 碎片 , 刹车 , asd , srs , srs , 电气屋顶控制 , 达什面板和ac/加热等 。
the lawyers' associations shall conduct professional selfregulation of the practice of law by lawyers in accordance with the lawyers law , bylaws of lawyers' associations and professional rules .	律师协会应当根据律师法律法律、律师协会规定专业自我调整法律实践 。
it is important to recognize the circulatory dysfunction in the elderly trauma patients may be primarily caused by hypovolemia , but to differentiate it from cardiac insufficiency may be necessary .	老年创伤患者的循环功能不足是主要原因 , 但对心脏不足的鉴别有必要的 。
" we talk about five core competencies in social and emotional learning , " says weissberg , " selfawareness , selfmanagement , social awareness , relationship skills , and responsible decision making .	" 我们在社会和情感学习中谈论了五个核心竞争 , " weissberg说 , " 自我意识、社会意识、关系技能和责任决策 。
waste water treatment , water purification , dewatering , bar screen , rotary drum screen , jet diffuser , pump , water filter , belt filter press , powder dissolver pumps and pumping equipment .	废水处理 , 净化 , 水净化 , 清水 , 酒吧屏幕 , 旋转鼓屏 , 喷气扩散器 , 泵 , 水滤波器 , 水滤波器 , 带滤波器 , 粉末溶液泵和泵装置 。
the basic principles and simulation methods of a nullcouplerbased oadm are studied firstly , especially in the crosstalk of a ybranch structure and the coupling properties of a tilted grating .	首先研究了一种基于nullcoupler的oadm的基本原理和仿真方法 , 尤其是在ybranch结构的交叉交谈中 , 以及一个转换栅栏的耦合性能 。
george w bush , who is regularly in bed by 10pm , thomas edison , napoleon , condoleezza rice , who wakes at 4 . 30am , and ernest hemingway are among those known as larks .	乔治 ? 布什正常在床上 , 托马斯·爱迪松 , 拿破仑 , 康多利亚沙大米 , 他在4.30米左右醒来 , 最严肃的海明威都是那些被称为拉克的 。
it had been concluded that some certain intermacromolecult cross link was formed among finishing agents and fiber by means of acid and alkalic hydrolysis , amino acid analysis and tg method .	结论采用酸、碱解、氨基酸分析和tg方法 , 建立了某些相互分子交叉链接 。
s . refused to sign the agreement , and is urging the united nations' convention on certain conventional weapons " a protocol attached , so as to provide legitimacy to the use of cluster weapons . "	美国拒绝签署协议 , 并敦促联合国在某些传统武器上 " 协议 " 的协议 " , 以便为集群武器使用提供立法性 。
i estimate that , based on economic values , these losses will to a further $800 billion to $900 billion , putting total credit losses north of $1 . 7 trillion for the whole period of the crisis .	我估计 , 在经济价值的基础上 , 这些损失将会进一步减少800亿美元至900亿美元 , 总债损失了17万亿美元的危机时期 。
supachai's comments come as the u . s . house of representatives friday is expected to vote again on a revised $700 billion bailout plan after the bill was struck down monday .	星期五 , 苏pachai的评论来自美国代表家 , 预计在星期五再次投票700亿美元的救援计划之后再次投票 。
licensor desires to grant to the licensee for agreed sum of money as provided herein , and licensee desires to obtain from licensor , nonassignable , geographically restrictive license .	许可证人希望在这里提供资金的许可证 , 并且许可人希望从许可证人、无签署、地理限制许可证人获得 。
based on the fermented yoghourt , we took fresh milk as raw material and added stabilizer , honey , essence and sugars into it to produce fruity flavor drinks with lactic acid bacteria .	根据发酵的瑜伽小时 , 采用新鲜的牛奶作为原料 , 加入稳定剂 , 蜂蜜精华 , 糖质进入其中 , 产生乳酸细菌的水果味 。
poet yiannis ritsos once called monemvasia " a ship of stone , " and those who have visited rave about " rugged , saltofthe earthbeauty " that provides " a refreshing escape " from the real world .	诗人iannisritsos曾经称为monemvasia " 一艘石头 " , 而那些曾经访问过过 " 粗鲁的 " 、萨尔托--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
when this happens , the pancreas produces greater amounts to compensate , flooding the bloodstream with insulin ; high levels of insulin in the blood have been linked to [some types of] cancer .	当这种情况发生时 , 胰腺产生更多的量来补偿 , 与胰岛素水解血流 ; 血液中胰岛素含量高 , 血液中胰岛素的胰岛素含量有关 。
this patent pending formula , amidren contains efficacious amounts of clinically proven natural ingredients to address the 5 critical stages of male hormone modulation to address andropause as men age .	本专利支出公式 , 中间有很多临床证明了自然成分 , 以解决男性激素调节的5个关键阶段 , 以解决男性时代的5个关键阶段 。
while a full takeover is seen as a stretch , some companies that may cast an eye over the unit include hp's rivals in asia such as china's lenovo group ltd and taiwan's acer inc , banking sources said .	银行消息显示 , 尽管一家充分的采购被看作是一张伸展 , 但有些公司可能会在亚洲的一家公司包括hp的竞争对手 , 例如中国的lenovo集团有限公司和台湾的acerinc公司 。
the necessity and thinking on the structural adjustment in agricultural industry is discussed , on the basis of investigation and analysis on agricultural present situation of xiangtan city .	针对湘潭市农业结构调整的必要性和思考 , 探讨了我国农业结构调整的必要性和思考 。
single fundamental mode verticalcavity surfaceemitting laserhas potential applications such as data transmission in optical network , optical interconnect , optical storage , and laser printing .	单基本模式垂直腔表面传输在光网、光学互连、光学存储、激光印刷等潜在应用 。
spending in 2010 decreased 1 . 3% , after the country’s defense ministry recommended germany close several army bases and cut the number of troops from 250 , 000 to 180 , 000 .	2010年的支出减少了1.3% , 国防部推荐德国近几个军队基地 , 减少了25000到1800万的军队数量 。
qiu lin is new , heavy is good for her , but she is hypocritical in the eyes of others . < /p> < p> qiu lin went to the director , insisted on their own , the director appreciate her .	邱林是新的 , 重量对她来说很好 , 但她在别人眼中是假设的 。 </p><邱林去了董事 , 坚持自己 , 导演欣赏她 。
keenly awaited growth figures for the fourth quarter of 2008 were as clear as mud to most analysts , who were left struggling to work out what is really happening in the world's thirdlargest economy .	关键的等待2008年第四季度的增长数字 , 就像泥泞一样清楚 , 大多数分析师们正在努力解决世界第三大经济实际发生的事情 。
in order to establish a fullfledged market economy in our country , we must have a better bankruptcy law , which should remedy the shortcomings of the current law lacking of individual bankruptcy .	为了建立我国全国的市场经济 , 我们必须有更好的破产法律 , 应该恢复目前的破产法律缺乏个人破产的缺乏 。
through simulation and modification , more accuracy experiment data were gained . the calibration curve of alanine dosimeter irradiated by proton was obtained at last . the linear coefficient is 0 . 999 5 .	通过模拟和改进 , 得到了更多的精度实验数据 , 得到了亚氨多米度的校准曲线 , 得到了线性系数为0.995 。
it's going to run through the loop , accumulating the answers , but because i'm subtracting , x it's just going to keep making x more and more negative as it goes along , again it's off into an infinite loop .	它将通过循环运行 , 积累答案 , 但因为我正在提交 , x , 就像它沿着的一样 , 再一次就会产生更多的负面 。
joe biden , the vicepresident , responding to republican sniping today in an interview with nbc . " i hear a lot of criticism , but i never hear anything [suggested] in response .	约伯登 , 副总统 , 回应今天与nbc的一次采访中共和党滑雪 。 " 我听到了很多批评 , 但我从来没有听到任何东西的反应 。
the high mountain is a unique environment . the mountain range poses tough trials for the life forms that inhabit it . yet , the challenges provide the necessary motives for species to adapt and evolve .	高山是一种独特的环境 , 山坡范围对居住它的生活形式有艰难的试验 , 然而 , 挑战为适应和进化提供了必要的动机 。
the results showe that it can assist the experiments making glucose plasma which desire ideal de value . and it can significantly reduce the number of experiments , save human resource , money and time .	结果表明 , 可帮助实验制定葡萄糖等离子体 , 具有理想的de值 , 可显著降低实验、节省人力资源、金钱和时间 。
earlier today , all things considered host robert siegel asked anthony carnevale , director of georgetown university's center on education and the workforce , if that number is correct .	今天早些时候 , 乔治敦大学教育和工作力中心的所有东西都考虑了主持罗伯特·西格尔问安东尼·卡内瓦 , 乔治敦大学的董事长 , 如果这个数字是正确的 。
even if you're running a oneperson business , invite your spouse or significant other , a trusted friend who knows your business , andif you can afford the hourly feesyour accountant or attorney .	即使你正在运行一个人业务 , 请邀请你的发言或重要的朋友 , 一个信任的朋友知道你的业务 , 如果你可以提供一个小时的费用账户或律师 。
china's ravenous appetite for energy puts the country at risk of reaching a point of “peak coal , ” when demand for coal will outstrip domestic production capacity , a growing number of experts believe .	中国对能源的危险 , 使得国内的能源风险达到了 " 高峰煤 " 的风险 , 当要求煤炭的需求会扩大国内生产能力 , 越来越多的专家相信 。
i create sculptural ceramic work which , although abstract , is rooted in the natural world . simple curved and undulating forms explore biomorphic shapes and structural growth patterns .	我创造了雕塑陶瓷作品 , 虽然抽象 , 但在天然世界 , 但简单的曲线和不规则的形式探索生物理形状和结构增长模式 。
generally , college savings plans are managed on a very aggressive portfolio of assets in the child’s younger years , switching to a more conservative portfolio as the child nears collegeready age .	一般来说 , 大学节约计划是在孩子年轻时期的一个非常积极的资产组合中管理的 , 就像孩子们在学校附近的孩子一样 , 就会变成更保守的组合 。
medium and late powdery cushaw , the matured fruit is off white skin with little green , high starchiness , high quality , fit to freezed treatment or cushaw powder , planted in early spring .	中晚粉 , 成熟的水果在白色的皮肤上 , 含有少量的绿色 , 高淀粉 , 质量 , 适合冻结的处理或定制粉末 , 早春种植 。
china has had many 4000 company , according to baidu money signs up for exposure first quarter , in the client amount that baidu advertises , only 161 thousand , 0 . 4% what hold company sum total only .	中国有4000家公司 , 根据百度资金签署的第一季度 , 在百度广告中 , 只有161万美元 , 百度只有0.4%的持有公司总额 。
for more on the thinking behind times open , watch the yahoo developer network's interview with nyt's derek gottfrid , senior software architect the man behind the times open gathering .	对于越来越多的思考开放 , 看着雅虎开发人员网络采访与nyt的桌面获得了tfrid , 高级软件架构师在时代开放的时候打开了那个人 。
in icrp 1990 recommendations , a new weighting factor——radiation weighting factorw_r was introduced to replace the quality factor q for modifying the absorbed dose averaged over atissue or organ .	在1990年的icrp建议中 , 介绍了一种新的重量因子-辐射加权因子wr-r来替换质量因子q , 以改善吸收剂量平均超过iss或器官 。
an algorithm for marking pitch at the location of the largest amplitude of continuous speech signal is described , which is based on the finding of glottal closure instants in laryngograph signal .	介绍了一种基于拉长图信号中最大连续语音信号的标记匹配算法 , 基于拉长图信号的全球闭闭合实例的基础 。
the liverpool manager , who has presided over six defeats in the last eight matches ahead of birmingham city's visit tonight , claimed he was " 100% sure " his team would start to climb the table .	这位利物浦经理在今晚的比赛中总统在过去八场比赛中 , 他声称他是 " 100%的 " , 他的球队将开始攀登桌子 。
" when we use this technique to target gm plants , we can simply identify and kill the accidentally released gm strains without hurting conventional plants , " shen told scidev . net .	" 当我们使用这种技术来目标gm植物时 , 我们可以简单地识别并且杀死意外发布的gm应变 , 没有冲击传统的植物 , " 沈告诉scidev网络 。
" happy people drag their spouses out of bed to go exercise , and they encourage them to eat healthier , " says bill chopik an associate psychology 3 professor at msu , and lead author of the study .	" 幸福的人从床上拖出来 , 他们鼓励他们吃健康 , " 比尔·霍皮克在msu的心理3教授比尔·霍皮克说 。
though many people continue to identify black eyeliner with a retro look , zoller says it's never really gone out of style at auditions , and it's attractive as long as it's not applied too heavily .	尽管许多人继续识别黑眼睛 , 但zoller表示 , 它从来没有真正在审查风格 , 而且只要不适用于太严重 。
chinese cities gained as the yuan strengthened somewhat against most other currencies , said mercer . shanghai , shenzhen and guangzhou moved up to 12th , 22nd and 23rd respectively .	上海、深圳、广州和广州分别举行了12、22、2、2、23和23和23次的中国城市 。
as a result , it's often easier to use static vxml files even if that option offers less flexibility , reactivity , and extensibility than to go with servlets and frequent recompilations .	因此 , 即使该选项更容易使用静态vxml文件 , 更容易地使用静态vxml文件 。
natural carnival , life of the party , our after the sentiment , smart touch gladdening the heart and refreshing the mind , strong hazel incense bring multiple taste , suddenly lifeincomparable .	自然保护 , 党的生活 , 后来 , 我们的情感 , 智慧触摸着心灵 , 清新心灵 , 强海泽香气带来多种味道 , 突然生命不相对 。
this week , xstrata , another big mining firm , suspended operations at a nickel mine in the dominican republic while converting its power supply to run on coal , rather than—more expensive—oil .	本周 , xstrata , 另一家大型采矿公司 , 在多明尼克尔矿业中悬挂运营 , 而在转换其在煤炭上运行 , 而不仅仅仅是昂贵的 。
according to importance value , the vegetation in beijing wulingshan nature reserve can be classified into 3 vegetation type groups , 5 vegetation types , 42 formations and 139 associations .	根据重要价值 , 将北京武陵山自然保护区植被分为3种植物类型、5种植物类型、42种、139个协会 。
and , that's a good thing to know because if you come out with an answer that's somewhere near the diameter of the universe and it's supposed to be the diameter of an atom , then you will know that you probably made a mistake .	而且 , 这是一个很好的东西 , 因为如果你在宇宙直径附近出来的答案 , 那么你会知道你可能会做错误 。
the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite captured these falsecolor images on january 15 , 2010 , and january 21 , 2003 .	2010年1月15日 , 美国宇航局的太空出生热排放和反射辐射器在nasa的太空卫星捕捉了这些虚拟分辨率图像 , 以及2003年1月21月21日 。
there is a great need for deeply understanding the functions of single molecule of schistosomes in vivo due to the accumulated information from schistosome genomics , transcriptomics and proteomics .	由于schosome基因组学、转录学和蛋白质学积累资料 , 因此 , 深入了解单分子的生物分子的作用 。
the dead sea mineral improves the skin cells metabolism relieves muscle cramps and stiffness . protects body against fluid loss and balances acidalkali levels .	死海矿物改善皮肤细胞代谢缓解肌肉裂纹和刚度 , 保护身体对流体损失和平衡酸碱水平 。
this company endeavors to hardening , normalizing , tempering , high and medium temperature quenching , mesh belt furnace quenching , cementing , time effective freezing and high temperature treatment etc .	本公司内容为硬化、正常化、温度高、介质温度淬火、金属带炉淬火、水泥、时间冻结、高温处理等 。
ma haiyan ; chemical engineering department of nantong university zhang hao & liu zhaofeng ; state key lab for modification of chemical fibers and polymer materials ; donghua university ;	马海洋 ; 南通大学化学工程系 ; 东华大学化纤和聚合物材料修改国家关键实验室 ;
new york , us: nassau county police officers on horseback patrol outside the best buy electronics store on black friday , which marks the traditional start of the festive shopping season .	纽约:美国宇航局警察在周五在最好的购买电子商店外 , 标志着传统的购物季节的传统开始 。
volunteers of america helper rodney cunningham unloads boxes of thanksgiving food for lowincome families . he'll be getting a box himself to feed his four children and grandchildren .	美国帮助者rodneycuninham的志愿者 , 感谢为低收入家庭提供感恩节的食物盒 , 他将得到一个盒子自己喂养自己的四个孩子和孙子 。
" wuzhen has a kind of nourishing energy , " said meng jinghui , the artistic director of this year's theater festival . " in terms of content and budget , they have given us complete freedom .	" 吴镇有一种营养能源 , " 今年剧院的艺术主任孟静惠说 , " 在内容和预算方面 , 他们给我们提供了完整的自由 。
after appreciating the exhibition , mr . coumet bought several kinds of souvenir on display and inquired on the business of buying pictures , showing heartfelt affection towards the master's works .	经过欣赏展览后 , 专栏先生在展览上买了几种方便 , 查询了购买图片的业务 , 显示了对主人作品的心情感受 。
the spotchecking results of fiber grade pet chip were analysed from intrinsic viscosity , diethylene glycol content , melt point , carboxyl end group , color , agglomerating particle and powder .	分析了纤维级宠物芯片的检测结果 , 来自内粘度、死亡甘油含量、熔点、羧基末点、色彩、聚合粒子和粉末 。
in the eyes following son , rich brocade scale up of the beauty is engaging , pure such as the face of jade send forth a radiant ray of light and show people heart to concuss perfect creature chi .	在以下儿子的眼睛里 , 富有的大范围正在加入美丽 , 纯洁的玉米发出了光线 , 显示出人们心中对完美的生物智慧造成了充分的影响 。
first , yuanshizhu emperor kublai khan ended after the unification war , firmly once issued an order south demolishing the city city wall , after demolishing strictly prohibited repairing .	首先 , 元石庄皇帝库布莱在统一战争结束后 , 坚决发布了南方解除城市墙 , 严格禁止修复 。
the expression of pdgf a was mainly found in the renal distal tubule and epithelial cells of distal straight tubule and glomerulus capillary , but igf 1 in transplanting artery equal expressed .	pdgf的表达主要是在远端直径管和上皮细胞中发现的pdgf表达 , 但在移植动动脉平等表达中igf1 。
how much people make is " the no . 1 lie , " says julie jansen , a careercoach and author of " i don’t know what i want , but i know it’s not this . " " i tell my clients not to embellish their salaries . "	" 第1个谎言 " , 朱莉·詹森说 , 职业教练和作者 " 我不知道我想要的东西 , 但我知道这并非这样 。 "
the budget of a local government at any level includes revenues turned over by the governments at lower levels and revenues refunded or subsidies granted by the governments at higher levels .	任何水平的地方政府的预算包括政府在低水平下降的政府收入和收入的收入 , 以及政府在高水平的补贴或补贴 。
you may perhaps have some pleasant , thrilling , glorious hourss , even in a poorhouse . the setting sun is reflected from the windows of the almshouse as brightly as from the rich man's abode ;	也许你可能有一些愉快的、令人惊叹的、光芒的小时 , 即使在一个贫穷的房子里 , 设置阳光从上面的窗户中反映出来 , 光亮的男人 。
at least 20 local madrassa students have disappeared , most likely to join the fight in afghanistan , he says , and taliban backers are even trying to stop the traditional music and dancing at weddings .	他说 , 至少20名当地的马德拉萨学生已经消失了 , 大多数可能在阿富汗加入战斗 , 塔利班后卫甚至试图阻止传统的音乐和舞蹈在婚礼上 。
method according to the criterions of diagnosis and degree established by respiratoy branch of chinese medicine academy , 81 patients of mild or moderate bronchial asthma was selected .	方法根据中医学院呼吸回收分支的诊断和程度 , 选择81例中性支气管哮喘患者 。
this is based on changes that first appeared during aix 5 . 3 , when you no longer had to turn off strict_maxclient , increase minfrree and maxfree , or reduce minperm , maxperm , and maxclient .	这是基于aix5.3的变化 , 当你不再要把严格的maxclient转移 , 增加了小型和最大型的折射 , 或者减少最小的 , 最大程度 。
the cboe volatility index or vix . vix , wall street's socalled fear gauge , fell despite a decline in stocks earlier in the day as traders saw fewer reasons to buy protection .	虽然早些时候 , 华尔街所谓的恐惧指数或维克斯.维克斯 , 尽管在股市上跌幅下降 , 但商人看到的原因是买保护 。
the council for a parliament of the world's religions has organized meetings in 1999 in cape town , south africa ; in 2004 in barcelona , spain ; and the next is set for 2009 in australia .	世界宗教议会议会于1999年在南非开普城举行会议 ; 2004年在巴塞罗那、西班牙的巴塞罗那、巴塞罗那、西班牙的巴塞罗那、下一次会议在澳大利亚举行 。
the good news is that h1n1 is hitting north america at the tail end of its flu season . it's possible that the virus may peter out and reappear next autumn , but that gives us months to prepare .	好消息是 , h1n1正在击败北美在其流感季节尾巴的尾巴 , 可能是病毒会在秋天彼得和重复 , 但这给我们准备好几个月 。
" it's good to know every game is winnable , " lamar odom said after practice saturday . " so we're down 10 , with seven minutes left , six minutes left , we know that we can come back and win that game .	" 知道每场比赛都是很好的 , " 拉姆奥多姆星期六在练习之后说 , " 所以我们下午10分钟左右 , 剩下六分钟 , 我们知道我们可以回来赢得那场比赛 。 "
importantly , the wellestablished and proven workflow processes of tmcs that feed into corporate clients’ systems rely almost exclusively upon the airline booking and servicing capabilities of gdss .	重要的是 , 建立和证明了tmcs进入公司客户机系统的工作流程 , 依赖于航空公司订阅和服务能力 。
the conservative firebrand has signed a multiyear deal to serve as a fox news contributor , the cable channel's executive vice president for programming , bill shine , said in a statement .	在一份声明中 , 保守的消防新闻发布会签署了多年的交易 , 作为福克斯新闻发布商 , 电缆通道的执行副副总裁比尔shine表示 。
the international community spent an estimated $500 million to bankroll the vote , which senior u . s . and u . n . officials acknowledged in recent weeks would be far from perfect .	最近几周 , 国际社区花了500万美元去银行投票 , 美国高级官员承认 , 最近的几个星期 , 美国官员将远远离完美 。
" there is therefore a need to take into account dietary habits when designing studies to assess the association between flavonoidrich foods , antioxidant activity and degenerative disease , " they add .	他们补充说: " 因此 , 在设计研究风味丰富的食物、抗氧化活性和变性疾病的时候 , 需要考虑饮食习惯 。 "
and then we said you can also achieve octet stability and electron transfer if you look at elements that are just a little bit rich of electrons versus octet stability or a little bit lean of electrons .	然后 , 我们说 , 如果你看看电子的元素 , 你也可以实现卵巢稳定性和电子转移 。
based on high effective locations algorithm and error estimate , improvement of the publickey scheme based on chebyshev maps proposed recently was presented and a key agreement protocol was given .	基于高效的位置算法和误差估计 , 提出了基于切比shev地图的公钥方案的改进 , 并给出了一种关键协议 。
six kinds of new schiff base tripodals were prepared by using the triethanolamine , salicylaldehyde , and amines as materials . the synthesis of these compounds are shown as follows .	采用三乙醇胺、三甲醛和氨基酸为材料 , 制备了六种新型schiff基三聚合物 。
she had brought up bits of old packing cases and the seats of broken kitchen chairs , and things of that sort , and spread them across from rafter to rafter so as to make a bit of floor .	她带来了一些旧的包装案例和破碎的厨房椅子的座位 , 还有那种类型的东西 , 然后把它们传播到rafter上 , 这样就要做些地板 。
cocacola south pacific last year ran advertising titled " motherhood &mythbusting , " featuring popular australian actress kerry armstrong and claiming coke was " kiddy safe .	去年 , 可口可乐南太平洋运营广告称为 " 母亲和妈妈繁殖 " , " 特色是澳大利亚女演员克里·阿姆斯坦 , 声称可乐是 " 孩子安全 " 。
it suggested that the malignant transformation of human embryo lung diploid fibroblast cell strain kmb17 cell could be induced by cofc , which might have potential carcinogenicity to human .	结果表明 , 人胚胎肺外分泌纤维细胞kmb17细胞的恶性转化可能会受到cfc诱导 , 可能对人类有潜在的致癌作用 。
epitaxial growth of lbd and laser on single crystal silicon film quartz substrate or single crystal silicon film quartz substrate deposited buffer layer .	lbd和激光在单晶硅薄膜石英基底上生长或单晶硅薄膜石英基底或单晶硅薄膜石英基底沉积缓冲层上 。
private secondary schools are unlikely to succeed in the situation have been beneficial to their own circumstances , to attract highquality source of students , the school must have a high quality .	私立二级学校不可能成功在自己的环境中 , 以吸引学生的高质量来源 , 学校必须有高质量的质量 。
conclusion the expression status of her2 is closely related with gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma , the positive expression of her2 is a poor prognosis indicator for gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma .	结论h2的表达状况与胃心肌腺癌密切相关 , h2的阳性表达是胃心腺癌的预后指标 。
methods: gene chip and rtpcr were used to study expression of cxcr4 mrna in two cell lines and the cxcr4 surface expression was also examined by flow cytometry analysis .	方法:采用基因芯片和rtpcr技术对两个细胞线cxcr4mrna的表达进行研究 , 并用流式细胞仪对cxcr4表达进行检测 。
the performance nevertheless missed wall street expectations , as the new yorkbased life insurer raised capital for its $15 . 5 billion purchase of american life insurance co . , or alico .	然而 , 纽约基于生命保险的资本上升了155亿美元的美国寿命保险公司或美国生活保险公司的购买资本 。
build scripts in languages like groovy or ruby are more concise and easier to read . there’s less clutter , boilerplate code , and your build script can be structured better .	如groovy或ruby这样的语言中构建脚本更容易阅读 , 更容易 , 还有更少的cutter , 锅炉代码 , 您的建立脚本可以更好地结构化 。
the fall of rome did not destroy one of the most important tenacious and significant aspects of the old culture , the roman catholic church , which remained and became the central fact for the new culture .	罗马的秋天并没有毁坏新文化最重要的张力和重要的方面之一 , 罗马天主教教会仍然是新文化的中心事实之一 。
mr paisley , who leads the dup , the largest unionist party , is an 80yearold protestant cleric who has spent his life denouncing the very idea of a rapprochement with republican leaders like mr adams .	巴西利先生是一名80岁的抗议员 , 他在与亚当斯等共和党领导人一起共和党领导人共和国领导人共和国共和国领导人共和国共和国领导人一起宣布的生命 。
in america babyboomers are flooding into retirement ; in europe the market is greying ; and in india and china the large number of graduates masks low numbers of truly highquality candidates .	美国婴儿增长者正在被淹没到退休 , 在欧洲市场是灰色的 ; 印度和中国大量的毕业生面积低于质量高的候选人数 。
the 1974 neonoir movie “chinatown” was based on the insider land grab by speculators and the bitter water wars the department of water and power fought during the 1930s with owens valley residents .	1974年 , 新生电影《新生电影》是根据投机人员的内部土地抓住的 , 以及在20世纪30年代的欧文山谷居民的水和电力部战争的 。
on m111 engine test bench , using the test methods specified in gb/t19230 . 62003 , the effect of different oils to deposits at air inlet valve and combustion chamber of the engine is studied .	在m11发动机试验台上 , 采用gb/t230.62003指定的测试方法 , 研究了不同油藏在空气输入阀和燃烧室中的作用 。
if several hundred thousand more haitians were able to migrate , those dominican , honduran or salvadoran numbers suggest that remittances to haiti would give its economy a huge and continuing jolt .	如果数百万名海地人能够迁徙 , 这些海地人 , 洪都拉或萨尔瓦多丹人数提示 , 海地的承诺将给海地经济带来巨大和持续的努力 。
perhaps people need to remember that china refused tosurrender to the japanese , and kept a third of the japanese armed forcesengaged , preventing them from being diverted to fight other alloed forces .	也许人们需要记住 , 中国拒绝对日本的游客 , 并且保持了三分之一的日军力量 , 防止他们被转移到其他合作力量 。
i guess i’m saying that even though i’m not making a significant direct financial input into our family , the volunteer work that i do is significant enough that some people get paid to do it .	我想我说 , 尽管我不会做出巨大的直接金融输入到我们的家庭 , 但是我做的志愿工作足够重要 , 但有些人付出了很多钱 。
vicki back atmosphere was more awkward . < /p> < p> 11 weeks old and rainbow and eat together , two people about good signal if one felt good on the old week to pinch his ear .	维基回到大气更加尴尬 , </p>1周<p>1岁 , 雨碗和一起吃 , 两个人在老周感觉好信号 , 如果有一个人觉得他耳朵的话 , 那么有些好信号 。
relatively new campaigning groups such as uk uncut will be joining traditional political attendees at the festival , including trade unions , as well as antinuclear , green and grassroots groups .	相对新的竞选组织 , 例如英国的联合国会将在节日加入传统的政治参与 , 包括贸易联盟 , 还有微观的核、绿色和草原群体 。
the equilibrium temperatures of inclusion in pingbei area are characterized by double peak , which means at least two session of hydrocarbon filling occurred in the reservoir of pinghu formation .	利用双峰特点对平北地区包装的平衡温度进行了表征 , 这意味着平湖组成储层至少两次水碳填充 。
the fluid was so hot that it made upper ordovician palaeotemperature go up 50 °c , and increased the hydrocarbongenerating rate of carbonate rock in ordovician 32 times at least .	这种流体太热 , 由于上奥陶瓷上部古拉多温度上升50°c , 至少增加了32倍左右碳酸盐岩的氢生成率 。
treated with high temperature steam produced by the autoclave and pressure cooker , the influence of high temperature steam treatment on the content of gcg in green tea was studied in this article .	本文研究了高温蒸汽生产的高温蒸汽对绿茶中gcg含量的影响 。
the geometric model for target hitting analysis of predictive arctype trajectory is set up and its analytical solution is derived . this is a new algorithm for target hitting analysis .	建立了预测弧形轨迹的几何模型 , 并给出了其分析解决方案 , 提出了一种新的目标撞击分析算法 。
in my opinion , having a dinner party can of couse reinforces the friendship among the friends . but it won't be forgoten that we shouldn't lay others' pain aside , while enjoying ourselves .	在我看来 , 有一个晚宴会可以加强朋友之间的友谊 , 但不会忘记我们不应该放弃别人的痛苦 , 而享受自己的喜悦 。
the pavilion was made out of 12 translucent orange cylinders housing the exhibit's various functions: conference room , information booth , food stand , and advertising column , for example .	展馆由12个透明的橙色圆柱组成 , 展览室的各种功能:会议室、信息发布室、食品站点和广告栏等 。
as a gift to 2012 sinoseychelles culture year , the final of global cultural ambassador will be held on pearl on indian oceanbeautiful archipelago country seychelles .	作为2012年中海文化年的礼物 , 全球文化大使最后将在印度海洋美丽的阿希帕拉哥国家海洋赛艇上举行珍珠 。
the japanese industry pavilion is quite near to the pavilion of urban civilization . japan has always paid great attention to participating in world expos , and surely it will not disappoint you .	日本工业馆非常近城市文明馆 , 日本一直关注世界博览会 , 当然它不会失望你 。
nowadays , our markets include southern and eastern europe , australia , middle east , southeastern asia and america , and we have regular shipment to many of these destinations monthly .	目前 , 我们的市场包括南欧、东欧、澳大利亚、中东、东南亚、东南亚和美国 , 我们每月都有常规的船舶 。
article 35 2 limit orders for options contracts may state that the order must be executed immediately or else be canceled , or must be executed immediately in full or else be canceled .	第三百五十二条选项合同的有限订单可以立即执行订单 , 或者必须立即执行完全或其他人 。
wellknown for the loyalty to his sovereign , jeong mongju is a poet , scholar and famous minister who believes in confucianism during the gongmin and simwu dynasties of korea .	著名的忠诚对他的主权 , 江蒙玉是一位诗人、学者和著名部长 , 他相信在朝鲜和西武时期的儒家主义 。
women's or girls' suits , ensembles , jackets , blazers dresses , skirts , divided skirts , trousers , bib and brace overalls , breeches and shorts	妇女的服装 , 配套 , 夹克 , 夹克 , 喷洒衣 , 裙子 , 裙子 , 裙子 , 裤子 , 裤子 , 胸部 , 胸部 , 胸部和短裤 。
have " big sen " of business is drawing a voice to draw the color earth as the good believerses or the descriptions in the future fine blue print , or point out future generations maze ;	具有 " 大感 " 的业务正在绘制一个声音来绘制颜色地球作为良好的信仰者或未来美丽的蓝色印刷的描述 , 或指出未来的一代疯狂 ;
this result discloses that gekko gecko may improve ovulatory function of patients with anovulatory dysfunctional uterine bleeding , anovulatory infertility , and so on .	结果发现 , gekogecko可能提高患者的卵巢功能障碍 , 功能障碍 , 卵巢不孕等 。
objective to illustrate the mechanism and significance of increased diagnostic rate of brachial plexus injuries using electromyographic examination of phrenic and accessory nerves .	目的探讨应用电影学检查方法提高脑plexs伤害的诊断率和意义 。
by combining with some project example , the bridge navigable clear width are calculated and analyzed . in addition , several advices are put forward for implementing current navigation standard .	结合一些工程实例 , 计算了桥梁可导航宽度 , 并对其进行了分析和分析 , 提出了几种建议 , 实现当前导航标准 。
yet there was one more surprise left in this uruguay team , with maxi pereira's injurytime strike turning the last minutes of the game into wetyourpants time for holland's defenders .	然而在这个乌拉圭队中还有一个令人惊讶的球队 , 马西·佩里拉的伤病时机将最后一分钟的比赛转化为荷兰的防守队 。
pop singer mariah carey was born on march 27 , 1970 in huntington , n . y . to an irishamerican opera singer mother and an africanvenezuelan engineer father .	1970年3月270年3月27日出生 , 爱尔兰裔歌手玛丽娅·凯耶 , 到了爱尔兰歌手的歌手和非洲维尼苏尔塞尔工程师父亲 。
however grist , the local force's equine liaison officer , cautioned drivers that they could face assault charges if their flag flew off and struck a pedestrian or a cyclist and hurt them .	然而 , 当地军队的平静利亚松官员称 , 如果他们的旗帜飞行 , 他们就会面临袭击 , 或是周期上升和伤害他们 。
in 1968 , with memories of the sixday war with israel fresh in arab minds , he caused a furore by kissing a jewish woman , barbra streisand , in the movie funny girl .	1968年 , 随着以色列新鲜思想的六天战争记忆 , 他通过吻合犹太女人、芭芭芭拉·斯德里斯和电影里的喜乐女孩 。
the village stands far behind , and the streams that jog through the soft green valleys all about have as little knowledge of the seas as the threeyear old child of the storms and passions of manhood .	村庄远处于后面 , 流过软绿谷的河流 , 大约有关海洋的知识 , 就像三年的暴风和激情人类的热情 。
their works not only expressed the depressed and discontented history and the palpitate unstable soul of ci poets , but reached the perfect fusion of current affairs and the aesthetic specialty of ci .	他们的作品不仅表达了社会诗歌的抑郁和不断的历史和不稳定的灵魂 , 而且达到了当前事务的完美融合和社会美学特色 。
modest pattinson , dubbed rpatz by fans , admitted he was still getting used to the fan hysteria , which kicked off in 2008 when he first played vampire edward cullen in the first twilight movie .	2008年 , 球迷们最谦逊的帕丁森承认 , 他仍然被用来到球迷赫斯特利亚 , 当他在2008年第一次在198年第一次演出了瓦比·爱德华·卡伦 。
when the crisis unfolded and markets devalued all banks across the board , investors picked up seemingly cheap stock , expecting earnings to normalize in 18 to 24 months , ocampo said .	ocampo说 , 当危机不折叠和市场价值全部银行时 , 投资者看起来很便宜的股票 , 预计在18至24个月内收益率正常化 。
meanwhile , further arms cuts , both hope , might smooth the path to agreement on boosting the battered nuclear nonproliferation treaty at its fiveyearly review in 2010 ;	与此同时 , 双方都希望 , 通过对2010年电池核不增殖条约的协议 , 可以顺利提高电池核不增殖的路径 ;
spain's carles puyol scores a goal past germany's goalkeeper manuel neuer during the 2010 world cup semifinal soccer match at moses mabhida stadium in durban july 7 , 2010 .	2010年7月7日 , 2010年7月7日 , 世界杯半决赛中 , 西班牙的卡尔·普莱奥尔在德国进球队的进球制造商nuuuer在2010年7月7日 。
in a sign of increasing confidence in the pace of recovery , ford said it would begin to push its inventory levels over the 400 , 000vehicle level that it has maintained in recent months .	福特在恢复过程中 , 增加信心的迹象表明 , 它将开始推动其库存水平在最近几个月内保持的40000万辆汽车水平 。
downing street said prime minister david cameron has decided to stop using the treasury as his personal photographer of two wages , so as to avoid " the wrong signal to the public release . "	下街表示 , 总理戴维·卡梅隆决定停止使用财政作为他的两个工资的个人摄影师 , 因此避免 " 公众发布的错误信号 " 。
since being elected president in february 2010 , mr yanukovych has moved in two directions , consolidating his personal power but also pursuing economic integration with the european union .	自从2010年2月选举以来 , 元库维奇先生在两个方向上移动 , 巩固自己的个人权力 , 同时也追求与欧盟的经济整合 。
other features include electric starter with recoil backup , single lever hydraulic disc front brakes , hydraulic rear foot brake , stamped steel wheels , and comes in indy red .	其他特点包括电动起动器 , 包括电动起动器 , 单杠液压盘前刹车 , 液压后脚刹车 , 阻塞钢轮 , 然后来临于红色 。
on a large television screen the previous day , elisabeth , 42 , had confronted her father with the full horror of her 24year ordeal in hour after hour of harrowing prerecorded testimony .	在前一天的大电视屏幕上 , 42岁的伊丽莎白 , 42岁的电视屏幕上 , 她的父亲面临着24小时的全部恐惧 , 她的父亲在黑暗前记录的测试 。
organizers hope the dinner will raise $185 , 000 for the royal parks , which provided the setting for scenes in the second film in the series , " bridget jones: the edge of reason . "	组织者希望晚餐将提高18500美元 , 为皇家公园提供第二部电影的场景 , " 桥琼斯:原因的边缘 。
since independence from britain in 1956 , sudan's northern leaders have fought to extend their power throughout the rebellious south , waging a civil war for all but 11 of the past 48 years .	自从1956年英国独立以来 , 苏丹北部领导人已经在整个反叛南方扩大他们的力量 , 为了过去48年的11次民事战争 , 为了整个反叛的南方带来了强大的力量 。
that is , until the great archaeological discoveries of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries , which unearthed for us the great civilizations of the ancient near east , of which i have drawn a remarkably lifelike map ] here on the board: mediterranean , i always start with the mediterranean ocean , the nile river , the tigris and the euphrates .	这就是 , 直到十九世纪的伟大的考古发现 , 到了十二世纪 , 这是我们在东部的伟大文明 , 其中我在这里画出了一个非常明显的生命地图:我在这里 , 就在这里 。
sanford c . bernstein analyst jeffrey lindsay estimates yahoo's standalone value at closer to $25 per share , leaving out any deal with microsoft or google . yahoo shares closed at $25 . 72 on tuesday .	桑福德c.伯恩斯坦分析师jeffreylndsay估计 , 雅虎的独立价值接近25美元 , 每股25美元 , 与微软或google公司签订了任何交易 。
and all of a sudden he had a crisis well , i'm not going to get into the depth of it but our banks , because they wanted to make more and more moneyand our investment bank , wall streetkept issuing different paper against mortgages so it made it simple to give a mortgage .	突然他遇到了危机 , 我不会进入我们的银行深度 , 因为他们想赚更多的钱和我们的投资银行 , 华尔街头发布不同的抵押贷款 , 因此 , 让我们的投资银行更多 。
copies of these works , totaling 381 bundles , have been distributed so as to render them accessible to european scholars . prof . jayadeva singh writes in his " introduction to madhyamika philosophy " .	这些作品的副本 , 总共分布了381条 , 因此 , 为了使他们能够访问欧洲学者 。 杰耶达瓦教授在他的 " 引入马达米克哲学 " 的介绍中写道 。
the japanese artists isobe katsushiro and mizuno ryo continue to follow japanese beau ideal style , one draws the insect world with his pencils , another builds the weird atmosphere with his ball pens .	日本艺术家isobekatsushiro和mizunoryo继续遵循日本的理想风格 , 其中一个人用铅笔绘制了昆虫世界 , 另一个建立了它的第三大气氛 。
portugal has several other tourism regions such as douro sul , templários , dãolafões , costa do sol , costa azul , planície dourada , etc . most of them are unknown to tourists and locals alike .	葡萄牙有许多其他旅游区 , 例如欧元苏尔 , 模板 , 大多数都是不知名旅游和当地旅游 。
